======= Instance Index 517 =========
Input Text: The word "knuckleball" has multiple meanings. Does it have the same meaning in sentences 1 and 2? Yes or no?

Sentence 1: Even the pitcher doesn't know where his knuckleball is going.
Sentence 2: Boston Red Sox pitcher Tim Wakefield is best known for his use of the knuckleball.

Target Text: Yes

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 70.62252
Retrieved Text: Tonight at approximately 5PM, Tim Wakefield will announce his retirement from baseball at the age of 45. "Wake" will finish his 19 year career with 200 wins, a feat he reached this past September.
His career accomplishments also include 2 World Series rings, an All-Star berth in 2009, 1995 AL Comeback Player of the Year, and 2010 Roberto Clemente Award winner, an honor he was nominated for eight times.
To Sox fans however, the knuckleballer will be remembered for being a world class team player who's sacrifices as a pitcher and an athlete in general are unparalleled. He was constantly asked to change his roles from front line starter, to middle reliever, and even a successful stint as a closer. This was something that most fans thought was easy since his style allowed it, but Tim has come forward recently as saying it was extremely difficult and uncomfortable.
In my mind, all you need to know about Wake happened in 2007. After finishing as one of the more reliable starters for Boston with a 17-12 record that season, he volunteered his roster spot in the World Series for a healthier rookie, Jon Lester, who won the clinching game against the Rockies. Name the players who have done that in the history of professional sports and you will undoubtedly come up with a very short list.
After being drafted as a first baseman by the Pirates in 1988, a scout told Wake that he would never make it above the AA level as a position player. Doing "anything he could to

########
Rank: 1
Score: 66.47975
Retrieved Text: Who would've envisioned this: Tim Wakefield joining Roger Clemens in the Boston record book? The 42-year-old knuckleballer pitched six scoreless innings to beat the Atlanta Braves 1-0 yesterday, a worthy performance for the game that tied him with Clemens for the most career starts by a Red Sox pitcher.
Who would've envisioned this: Tim Wakefield joining Roger Clemens in the Boston record book?
The 42-year-old knuckleballer pitched six scoreless innings to beat the Atlanta Braves 1-0 yesterday, a worthy performance for the game that tied him with Clemens for the most career starts by a Red Sox pitcher.
Mark Kotsay drove in the game's only run with a sixth-inning single off Javier Vazquez, who certainly pitched well enough to win but got no help from the listless Atlanta offense.
The Braves have scored only one run in two games against the Red Sox this weekend, extending their losing streak to four straight and dropping a season-worst six games under .500 (34-40).
Wakefield (10-3) became the AL's third 10-game winner, joining Minnesota's Kevin Slowey and Toronto's Roy Halladay. The knuckleball was really fluttering on a sweltering day at Turner Field that was 95 degrees at first pitch.
The Braves managed just three singles off Wakefield.
``It feels really good to have 10 wins before the All-Star break,'' he said.
Manny Delcarmen retired all four hitters he faced, Justin Masterson got out of trouble in the eighth and Jonathan Papelbon worked around a shaky ninth to complete the four-hit shutout, his 18th save in 19 chances.
But Wakefield did the bulk of the work.
The Braves threatened against

########
Rank: 2
Score: 66.16109
Retrieved Text: David and I were just discussing the active knuckleball pitchers in MLB when I came across an article about the glove used by those who catch for R.A. Dickey. It’s no surprise that it’s different, but I love the idea of a pitcher carrying around a specific glove because no one else has them.
Because there are so few knuckleball pitchers, Rawlings had only one [knuckleball glove] on hand. It was sitting in a closet in the company’s headquarters in St. Louis, and Cohen had it shipped overnight to Cleveland, the Mets’ next destination.
And I was going to let you just go to that Wikipedia article yourself, but I can’t help but post about the active pitchers using the knuckler.
As of 2010, [Tim] Wakefield of the Boston Red Sox and R.A. Dickey of the New York Mets are the only knucklers in the big leagues, though minor leaguers Charlie Zink of the Rochester Red Wings and Charlie Haeger of the Albuquerque Isotopes also throw the knuckleball. In November 2008 it was announced that 16 year old knuckleballer Eri Yoshida was drafted as the first woman ever to play in Japanese professional baseball for the Kobe 9 Cruise of the Kansai Independent Baseball League. On March 2, 2010, she trained with Tim Wakefield at the Boston Red Sox minor league training facility. and on April 8, 2010, she signed with the Chico Outlaws, debuting on May 29, 2010. Detroit Tigers reliever Eddie Bonine also throws a knuckleball, though he does so infrequently as compared to pitchers who use

########
Rank: 3
Score: 64.318405
Retrieved Text: Who threw the first knuckleball? Although its origins are a bit hazy, baseball historians generally credit either Toad Ramsey of the Louisville Colonels or Eddie Cicotte of the Chicago White Sox for inventing the pitch somewhere around the turn of the twentieth century. Over the years, pitchers have used a wide range of grips, release points and other methods of minimizing or eliminating spin and thus causing the knuckleball’s unpredictable changes in trajectory. Cicotte literally gripped the ball with his knuckles; most knuckleballers use their fingertips or, in some cases, dig into the ball’s leather with their fingernails.
Sporting an especially unconventional knuckleball, Jesse Haines achieved great success during his 18-year career as a mainstay in the pitching rotation of the St. Louis Cardinals. He pitched 3,208⅔ innings with a 3.64 earned run average, racked up 210 wins, and was awarded two World Series rings (in 1926 and 1934). In 1970, Haines was inducted into the Baseball Hall of Fame by the Veterans Committee.
A crafty left-handed knuckleballer, Larry French posted 191 victories, 3,152 innings pitched with 40 shutouts, and 198 complete games while pitching for the Pirates, Cubs and Dodgers over a 14-year career. Had he not retired after the 1942 season to enlist in the United States Navy, French may well have ended up in the Hall of Fame.
After injuring his arm in 1931, Ted Lyons of the Chicago White Sox adopted a knuckleball that gave him the durability and stamina he needed to throw an impressive 356 complete games. With 260 wins and 4,161 innings

########
Rank: 4
Score: 58.216927
Retrieved Text: Knuckleballers are a funny sort.
The knuckleball produces unpredictable movement through a lack of rotation and speed on the ball. When thrown this way, the air kind of takes over and moves it around as it pleases. Watch Wakefield throw his knuckleball in slo-mo and you won’t see very many rotations. With a curveball, the ball will tumble end-over-end like crazy.
With Varitek now No. 2 on the depth chart to Victor Martinez… things have apparently not changed.
A few years ago, Wakefield had veteran Doug Mirabelli as his personal catcher, since Varitek can’t really catch the knuckler.
In 2006, the Red Sox traded Mirabelli to the San Diego Padres and traded for Josh Bard from the Cleveland Indians, in the same deal that also netted them outfielder Coco Crisp. The results weren’t pretty. In five Wakefield starts, Bard had a league-leading 10 passed balls. A month into the regular season, Boston traded submarine reliever Cla Meredith to the Padres to get Mirabelli back.
Many knuckleballers also have their own glove, similar to the PRO SPARKS model shown above. I remember seeing a story on MLB.com in 2003, when the A’s acquired Steve Sparks from the Detroit Tigers, about how Sparks traveled with his own glove, something bigger than a catcher’s softball mitt. Upon seeing the monstrosity, then-starting catcher Ramon Hernandez called backup Adam Melhuse over to take care of it.
So I was pleasantly surprised to see an article in the New York Times this week about R.A. Dickey, who has been pretty hot since the Mets called him up to

########
Rank: 5
Score: 57.869755
Retrieved Text: The art of the knuckleball, explained more fully in this Washington Post article, is to throw the ball so that it has at most one revolution before arriving at the batter. The lack of spin on the ball enables it to take advantage of turbulence. Because the turbulence will take the ball in a random direction, it makes the knuckleball a very effective pitch when executed successfully. What makes the knuckleball so difficult is that if you get more than one revolution then you are throwing a very easy pitch to hit - a slow, straight fastball (like cricket, movement is king).
To have a good expected value for the knuckleball then one must have a high expected frequency of throwing a knuckleball.
Back in 2010 Red-Sox flame thrower Daniel Bard, who was top five in average fast ball velocity, performed far better when following Knucleballer Tim Wakefield. This is because Wakefield threw a very slow knuckleball. The change in speed, going from the slowest pitch in MLB to one of the fastest, improved the efficacy of Bard's repertoire. Proof of how effective the change of speed is: the most valuable fastball in 2009 belonged to Tim Wakefield.
Just something to think of before game one of the NBA finals.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 57.671886
Retrieved Text: Game 2 in Boston was similar to the first game on Friday night. The result: Phillies lose 10-2 this time around. Joe Blanton just went out there and the Red Sox hit everything he threw, Joe even giving up a Grand Slam to a player who just was seeing his first major league pitch. When things are going bad for the Phillies, they really go bad, and today was no exception.
The game looked very much like yesterday’s game, there were plenty of hits off of the ‘green monster’ in left field, and plenty of balls just dropping in for hits, but sometimes that’s how you win games. The Red Sox have had a great two days at the plate, they’ve been feasting on Phillies pitching and putting the ball in play. The Phillies offense responded a little today but not enough to get anyone’s undivided attention.
There was a ‘player’s only’ meeting with the Phillies before the game today in Boston and what was said probably didn’t have enough staying power to bring the team victory but at least there are words being spoken about this drought. The players got into this and they’ll have to get out of it.
The Phillies will try again on Sunday afternoon in beantown, Cole Hamels is scheduled for the Phillies against Tim Wakefield and his knuckleball for the Red Sox. 1:35 PM is the game time, it will be on TBS tomorrow.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 56.849976
Retrieved Text: Even now, the time of year when the standings are more scrutinized than any other, the Toronto Blue Jays managed to sneak up on the Red Sox. They rolled into Fenway Park having won 11 of their last 12 games, forcing folks all over New England to ask yesterday morning: Are the Jays really only 6 1/2 games back for the wild card?
Yes, they were, and the hot streak added a sudden urgency to last night's 7-0 Sox thumping of Toronto in 2 hours 40 minutes, a vital victory created by a pitcher in need of such a commanding performance. Tim Wakefield bounced back from perhaps his worst start in a Sox uniform with one of his best, tossing eight shutout innings and retiring the final 13 batters he faced.
"It was exactly what we needed," said Sox manager Terry Francona. "It was a very important game."
Wakefield's knucklers, like his last start in Texas, darted and dropped with startling movement. But unlike his last start, Wakefield had a general idea of what direction they might head. He allowed only three hits and no walks, making the two RBIs apiece from Jed Lowrie and David Ortiz - not to mention the insurance, three-run blast from catcher Kevin Cash in the eighth - easily stand up.
Wakefield proved, again, that throwing a knuckleball might be the most existential act in sports: let if fly, wait to see what happens next.
"You get to him," Blue Jays manager Cito Gaston said, "or you don't."
Six days earlier, Wakefield recorded only five outs, walked

########
Rank: 8
Score: 55.75185
Retrieved Text: The Red Sox today exercised the 2008 contract options on righthanded pitchers Julian Tavarez and Tim Wakefield.
Wakefield went 17-12 record and a 4.76 ERA this past season. Wakefield was hampered by back and shoulder problems toward the end of the year and was not on the World Series roster due to inflammation behind his right shoulder. Wakefield ranks second on the Red Sox all-time list with 474 appearances and 337 starts.
Tavarez had a record of 7-11 with a 5.15 ERA in 2007, his second season in Boston.
The Sox also acquired outfielder Sean Danielson from St. Louis to complete the trade that sent righthanded pitcher Joel Pineiro from the Red Sox to the Cardinals on July 31. Danielson combined to hit .296 with four homers, 36 RBI, and 19 stolen bases in 103 games with Single-A Palm Beach and Double-A Springfield in the Cardinals organization. After beginning the year with a .355 average in 12 games at Palm Beach, the switch-hitter spent the rest of the season in the Texas League, batting .291 in 91 games. Danielson has a career .283 batting average with 61 stolen bases in 263 games in his three seasons in the St. Louis system. He led all Cardinal minor leaguers with a .407 on-base percentage and ranked second with a .342 batting average in his pro debut in 2005.
Danielson has been assigned to the Double-A Portland roster.
The Red Sox also announced that catcher Kevin Cash has elected free agency after declining an outright assignment to Triple-A Pawtucket. Cash batted .111 with four

########
Rank: 9
Score: 55.612038
Retrieved Text: BOSTON -- The Boston Red Sox today exercised the 2008 contract options on righthanded pitchers Julian Tavarez and Tim Wakefield.
In addition, Boston has acquired outfielder Sean Danielson from St. Louis to complete the trade that sent righthanded pitcher Joel Pineiro from the Red Sox to the Cardinals on July 31.
Tavarez was 7-11 with a 5.15 earned run average in 34 games/23 starts for the Red Sox in 2007, his second season with the club. The righthander was 6-11, 5.22 in 23 starts and 1-0, 4.50 in 11 relief appearances. His 77 strikeouts were the second most of his career. Tavarez is 84-70, 4.42 in 734 career major league appearances.
Wakefield posted a 17-12 record and a 4.76 earned run average in 31 starts this season. He ranked second on the staff and eighth in the American League in victories, matching his career best, and was third on the club with 189.0 innings and 110 strikeouts. The righthander earned a decision in each of his first 26 starts, the longest such streak by a Red Sox pitcher since 1929 and was 4-1, 2.45 in August to earn team player of the month honors.
Wakefield is 168-146 in 511 career major league games and ranks second on Boston's all-time list with 474 appearances and 337 starts. He was limited to one post-season start due to inflammation behind his right shoulder.
Danielson combined to hit .296 with four homers, 36 RBI, and 19 stolen bases in 103 games with Single-A Palm Beach and Double-A Springfield in the Cardinals organization. After beginning the

########
Rank: 10
Score: 53.60507
Retrieved Text: Retired baseball star Tim Wakefield has meant so much more to an organization he's been helping for the past 25 years.
The thing about being a knuckleball pitcher is that you're never really sure where the ball will go.
Only a handful have been successful in the modern era including our very own Tim Wakefield. But despite the 200 career victories, the induction in to the Boston Red Sox Hall of Fame and the Florida Tech Hall of Fame, the World Series Championships in 2004 and 2007 and being named to the 2010 all-star team, Wakefield's true legacy – much like an errant knuckler – cannot be measured near the strike zone. It goes far beyond the baseball diamond.
Just ask any of the families or children who have benefited from the Space Coast Early Intervention Center since it was founded by Betsy Farmer on Dec. 2, 1987. Her neighbor, a young aspiring baseball player, volunteered his time and vowed to help even more once he made it to the major leagues. Tim Wakefield was true to his word. This weekend marks the 25th annual Wakefield Celebrity Golf Tournament to benefit the center that specializes in educating children with disabilities in an inclusion environment.
The golf tournament has grown to a celebrity dinner and auction as well.
"He really has been responsible for bringing in $6 million dollars," said Terri Clark, executive director of the center. "Not only has he brought in the funds but he has grown a love of the school through those celebrities and friends he brings in.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 52.784985
Retrieved Text: For any true Red Sox fan, it's hard to come across the news of Mike Timlin's workout in Colorado last week without feeling at least a little sentimental.
of that era. Timlin is one of a select group of Red Sox — along with Manny Ramirez, David Ortiz, Tim Wakefield, Curt Schilling, Jason Varitek and a few others — that had a hand in both titles. No one can ever take that away from him.
to the Red Sox in their primes and flame out (Keith Foulke, Edgar Renteria, Matt Clement) — those will be forgotten. But in Boston, guys like Mike Timlin are still loved.
faded away, and moved on with his life. Instead, he won two more rings.
with the Red Sox had to come to an end.
to pull for the old reliever with the camouflage undershirt.
new start in Colorado would be a great move for the 43-year-old Timlin.
leagues if asked — and why shouldn't the Rockies give him a shot?
than to jolt his confidence with a comeback in the NL West?
they're currently embroiled in a tight battle for the NL wild card.
season for a World Series winner, he's worth a look.
Word of Timlin's potential comeback came out of Denver a week ago. And since then we've heard nothing.
Here's to hoping someone breaks that silence.
Timlin has had more longevity as a relief pitcher than almost anyone in the history of the game. With a pitcher like that, you always hate to think that it's all over.
In his case, it might not be. We shall see.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 51.311447
Retrieved Text: Peter Abraham of the Boston Globe (via Twitter) points out that with Tim Wakefield and Javier Vazquez retired, the active strikeout leader is now C.C. Sabathia with 2,017. Here's a look at a few items out of the American League East..
It would not be shocking to Nick Cafardo of the Boston Globe (via Twitter) to see Wakefield get a call in June or July if the Red Sox are hit with injuries.
Scouts like the power arm of Diego Moreno, but there are a lot of questions about his maturity, tweets Buster Olney of ESPN.com.
Jon Heyman of CBSSports.com (via Twitter) had the early reads on the Yankees' imports from the Pirates. Moreno can reach 98 mph on the gun but has command issues while Exicardo Cayones can hit but doesn't have much in the way of power.
Before deciding to call it a career, Tim Wakefield had offers from four clubs, writes Alex Speier of WEEI.com. Agent Barry Meister says that one of the four offers was a guaranteed big league deal.
Wakefield didn't consider any of those offers for long, tweets Scott Lauber of the Boston Herald. Upon hearing of the offers, the pitcher asked his agent, "Do they play for Boston?"
Dan Connolly of the Baltimore Sun ranked the Orioles' offseason acquisitons by potential impact. At the top of the list is 26-year-old left-hander Wei-Yin Chen.
I can honestly say that seeing Wake hang ’em up is as sad a day as seeing Yaz to me.. Even over when Evans decided to finally stop playing (yes.. it was with

########
Rank: 13
Score: 50.912346
Retrieved Text: SEATTLE - They have been one-hit and two-hit, lost in the ninth inning and the early innings. They have had good pitching performances and bad ones - from the same starter, in fact - and in the end, they have lost five of six games on this 10-game trip through Oakland and Seattle and Baltimore.
The offensive problem was highlighted last night when a home run by Mariners No. 9 hitter Yuniesky Betancourt consigned the Red Sox to their eighth loss in their last nine road games, 1-0.
That was enough to spoil a splendid performance by Tim Wakefield, who allowed only five hits in eight innings, and to reward lefthander Erik Bedard, who shackled the Sox on two fourth-inning singles for seven innings, then turned the game over to Brandon Morrow and J.J. Putz. The three combined to keep Manny Ramírez (1 for 3) in the ballpark as he bid for his 500th home run.
"I think it's a combination of things," Dustin Pedroia said of the offensive struggles. "The strike zone's been a little big. Pitchers have been throwing the ball well. I don't know.
"We had our chances, but we didn't do much."
True. That applied to Ramírez, whose single and walk hardly were the milestones the crowd of 30,752 (largely Red Sox fans) and the folks at home were waiting for. Even ESPN noticed; during the final minute of its Celtics-Pistons telecast, the network ran a crawl when Ramírez led off the seventh. He grounded out.
In the end, he wasn't the star. That honor was shared by

########
Rank: 14
Score: 50.88214
Retrieved Text: After finally putting an end to Babe Ruth's 86-year-old curse and making one of the most miraculous comebacks in baseball history against the Yankees, the Boston Red Sox kicked off the 2005 season in the hope that their luck will continue. Although Curt Schilling's ankle was not 100%, the master plan for 2005 began with the addition of newly acquired launchers David Wells and Matt Clement to the starting rotation. But from the start of the season, it was obvious that Schilling's ankle would not cooperate because he only started 3 games before the All Star break. Fortunately for supporters of the Red Sox, no one has escaped with AL East for the moment.
It was not difficult for Boston to stay looking for another title in the AL East, especially with the mortal offensive batters 1-2 of Manny Ramieriz (292 45144) and David Ortiz (.300 47148) , who provided the bulk of the score. Private Johnny Damon (.316 10 75) continued his impressive run as a Red Sox striker while Trott Nixon (.275 13.667) and receiver Jason Varitek (.221.22.70) returned to an impressive season.
The starting pitcher learned to live without Schilling with David Wells (15-7.45) for a decent season. Throwers Matt Clement (13 6 4.57) and Tim Wakefield (16 7 4.15) also stepped up their game to keep the Red Sox and Yankees elbow-to-shoulder until the last weekend. end in Fenway. The Yankees won the season finale two games to one, letting the Red Sox face the Chicago White Sox in the Division Series. Unfortunately for

########
Rank: 15
Score: 49.537315
Retrieved Text: Jake Peavy makes his much-anticipated debut on the mound for the Red Sox tonight.
Since being acquired at the trade deadline Tuesday, the right-hander has created a buzz in Boston, with Red Sox Nation excited for the competitiveness he brings to the field. In only his second start ever at Fenway, Peavy’s adrenaline is sure to be pumping as he takes on Patrick Corbin and the Diamondbacks.
Check out the above video to hear what NESN’s Adam Pellerin and Tim Wakefield had to say about Peavy’s first start in a Red Sox uniform.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 49.300213
Retrieved Text: SEATTLE - This is starting to feel like waiting for the completion of the Neponset Bridge project. Or like waiting for Shaq to rescue the Celtics in the playoffs.
The Wait for Wake has become the Weight.
Tim Wakefield went for victory No. 200 at Safeco Field yesterday and again lost to Charlie Furbush and the moribund Mariners, 5-3. It was the ancient knuckler’s fourth attempt at 200.
This should be a joyful time in the long, proud career of Tim Wakefield. He’s a peaceful man, a champion of charity, and a great teammate. He is 45 years old, still pitching in the big leagues for a pennant contender, and he is on the threshold of a cherished plateau. Since the beginning of the 20th century, only 88 major league pitchers have recorded 200 big league victories. Sandy Koufax didn’t do it. Dennis Eckersley didn’t do it. Dizzy Dean didn’t do it.
Wakefield is going to do it. But the weight of the wait hangs like Logan fog in the Red Sox clubhouse. Wakefield’s quest for 200 is now officially longer and more torturous than the Yaz Watch (going for hit No. 3,000) of 1979.
Yaz went three games and 0 for 13 while Red Sox Nation stirred restlessly. Finally, Yaz hit a dribbler to the left of Yankees second baseman Willie Randolph and Randolph mercifully waved at the ball as it rolled into right field and into history.
Wake was only 13 in the summer of ’79 and he was not a Red Sox fan. After yesterday’s frustrating outing, I told

########
Rank: 17
Score: 49.18339
Retrieved Text: MINNEAPOLIS -- The Iron Range, the charming lakes (there are actually 11,842, not 10,000 as the slogan suggests), the ''Minnesota nice" quality to the locals. Terry Francona seemed to have missed all of that during the weekend, his view concealed by a Teflon-coated cloud and his experience tainted by his unsettling experience underneath it.
''You know what?" Francona said yesterday afternoon, in the wake of an 11-7 win that gave the Red Sox one victory in this three-game, one-city road trip. ''Take the win and get the hell out of here. This place, I hate coming to this place. Balls bouncing everywhere. We were probably to blame. We needed a win today. We got the win. Let's go home."
The Sox committed three more errors yesterday (weekend total: 7) and allowed two more unearned runs (weekend total: 8) but overcame all of that, beating the Twins in a game Boston led convincingly, 5-0 after one inning, 8-3 after five, and 11-4 after eight.
Still, this game didn't end until Curt Schilling found himself in a save situation in the ninth, entering in relief of Manny Delcarmen ( 2/3 of an inning, 3 runs, 3 hits, 2 walks) with an 11-6 lead, the bases loaded, and the tying run in the on-deck circle.
Schilling, who had been up in the eighth inning getting in some non-game-related throwing, warmed up in exactly three minutes, entered, and issued a full-count walk to Matthew LeCroy, forcing in a run. But Schilling reached back, fanning Jacque Jones on three pitches, the last a 93-mile-per-hour fastball

########
Rank: 18
Score: 48.94692
Retrieved Text: Today's (08/30/06) starting lineup for my beloved Boston Red Sox may well be the worst batting lineup in the history of the franchise.
Not surprisingly, the Sox lost 7-2, though those two runs (and 10 mysterious hits -- one for every person in the lineup not named Alex Cora) are slightly miraculous. In addition, despite oodles of defensive inexperience, the Sox didn't make a single error today. Odd.
1)Only three of the players have been regular starters this season -- Youkilis, Lowell and Loretta. Of those three players, only Lowell was playing in his natural position. The batters who didn't/couldn't play for the Sox today include David Ortiz, Manny Ramirez, Coco Crisp, Jason Varitek, Wily Mo Pena, Trot Nixon and Alex Gonzalez. That's insane.
2)Loretta, an all-star at second, was the designated hitter, which is a bit odd for a second baseman with four home runs for the season. It makes sense, though, when you know that Loretta DHed so that rookie Dustin Pedroia and his .138 batting average could be in the lineup.
3)Mirabelli, the catcher, is a .189 hitter. Of course, the Sox only have Mirabelli because he can catch Tim Wakefield's knuckleball. That's valuable. Unfortunately, Wakefield has been on the disabled list for a long time and, thus, Mirabelli and his .189 average are playing regularly, because the alternative is Javy Lopez, who has no knees. To Mirabelli's credit, he only allowed one stolen base today. Not to his credit? He allowed the opposing team's catcher to steal the base.
4)Best of all: The Sox had two Jewish

########
Rank: 19
Score: 48.852795
Retrieved Text: Could Tim Lincecum Land With Boston?
To be completely honest, I have been thinking about whether I should write this article for awhile now. The chances of Tim Lincecum signing with the Red Sox are slim, to none. However, in my personal opinion, this would be a fantastic move for not only the Boston Red Sox, but Tim Lincecum himself.
To put it blunt, Lincecum was a stud. The Freak, as he came to be known, is a two-time NL Cy Young Award winner, as well as a four-time NL All-Star. In 9 years at the major league level, Lincecum has amassed 1704 strikeouts, a 3.61 ERA, and multiple championship rings.
Unfortunately, the now 32-year-old has had a rough past couple of seasons. He has been riddled with injuries and has show a recent decline in velocity. If Lincecum wants a shot at making a big league roster, he will need to show scouts that he is completely healthy and revitalized for the start of the 2016 season.
Shut down midway through last season, Lincecum posted a 4.13 ERA over 15 starts with a 7-4 record.
However, at least 20 clubs, most notably the Miami Marlins and San Diego Padres, have requested medical evaluations from his agent, Rick Thurman, after it became known that the San Francisco Giants have little interest in re-signing Lincecum.
​Now, why would he be linked to the Red Sox, Pete?
Boston's rotation took a major leap forward after acquiring ace David Price to a record seven-year, $217 million deal. However, after Price, this rotation is spotty, at best.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 48.393356
Retrieved Text: Even though the Red Sox were unable to upgrade their offense with Mark Teixiera, they made the necessary moves in their rotation and bullpen to challenge for another World Series. This may be the best pitching staff ever assembled for the Red Sox. They have power in the rotation and in the bullpen. Josh Beckett will get the season started this Monday. Beckett can blow hitters away with his fastball or fool them with the curve. In 27 starts last year he averaged 8.88 k/9 innings. His total number of strikeouts(172) were down from 2007 but were still the second most of his career. Jon Lester is a pitcher who is probably still getting better and it is unclear how good he will be. What we know is that he was the Sox best pitcher down the stretch last year while throwing the most innings of his major league career. A twenty win season may be in his sights this year. Daisuke Matsuzaka had a tremendous year winning 18 with 154 strikeouts and an ERA below 3. As with Lester, he may still be getting better and a twenty win season is not out of reach, especially if he could add another inning or two per start. Daisuke could be this years biggest benefactor from the strong bullpen since he does not last past the sixth inning usually. Brad Penny is coming off a bad season riddled with injuries but in 2006 and 2007 he was one of the National Leagues best pitchers, leading the league

########
Rank: 21
Score: 48.252945
Retrieved Text: Boston Red Sox starting pitcher Steven Wright is enjoying a breakout season posting a record of 10-5 and earning a spot in his first Major League Baseball All-Star Game.
The Valley View High School graduate adopted the knuckleball about six years ago and has helped Wright not only reach the Big Leagues, but also anchor the Red Sox starting rotation.
Former Cal State San Bernardino and Yucaipa HS pitcher Tyler Wells signs with professional contract with the Minnesota Twins. The Twins drafted Wells in the 15th round of the MLB Draft making him the Coyotes’ high pick since Aaron Brooks went to the Kansas City Royals in the 9th Round in 2011.
The Redlands East Valley baseball team reached the CIF Southern Section Division II Finals at San Manuel Stadium but came up short against South Hills in the championship game, falling 4-3.
Murrieta Mesa won the school’s first ever CIF Southern Section championship by knocking off Harvard-Westlake 3-2 in 10 innings in the Division I Finals at San Manuel Stadium.
Woodcrest Christian celebrates after edging Tahquitz 2-1 in the CIF-SS Division 5 Semifinals.
The CIF Southern Section baseball and softball playoffs roll into the quarterfinals and there’s several things that we’re keeping an eye on here at Inland_Sports.
On the baseball side, We have a potential Redlands East Valley vs. Yucaipa matchup brewing in the semifinals; if they both advance.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 47.89348
Retrieved Text: CHICAGO - It had seemed meant to be, the way that Paul Byrd walked off the coaching staff of his kid’s U-13 team and onto the mound in Fenway Park.
He had made Red Sox fans believe in a pitcher plucked from retirement, a reach of a signing, a man who hadn’t pitched in the majors in 11 months. But that belief was short-lived. That shutout pitching was short-lived.
To put it in perspective, all but one Sox starting position player had been removed from last night’s game by the bottom of the fifth inning, leaving a group that better resembled those on the field in late-March games played at City of Palms Park. The starters got an early night courtesy of their starting pitcher, as Byrd’s ERA went from 0.00 to 7.56.
Byrd had done the improbable in his first start this season for the Sox, beating Roy Halladay, instilling hope. He couldn’t do it a second time, exiting U.S. Cellular Field after recording just seven outs, in what was arguably the worst start of the season for a Boston pitcher. And this team has endured a one-inning outing from Daisuke Matsuzaka in Oakland, and a number of poor performances from John Smoltz and Brad Penny.
And so, one night after the Sox celebrated taking two of three from the Rays at Tropicana Field, they lost, 12-2, to the White Sox in front of 28,839 on the South Side. Making it more difficult to take was Texas’s win over Baltimore, cutting the Sox’ lead in the wild-card race to

########
Rank: 23
Score: 47.634617
Retrieved Text: Come Tuesday night, the Red Sox will be back at Fenway Park, where they own a 42-29 record.
They will be hosting the Blue Jays, a team they’ve beaten in five of seven meetings in Boston this season.
The Sox will have had a day off Monday, so bullpen arms and everyday legs will be rested.
So, maybe, just maybe, it will finally happen for Tim Wakefield.
Manager Terry Francona confirmed yesterday that the knuckleballer will remain in the Boston rotation, ensuring another shot at his 200th career victory.
The pursuit of the milestone has been torturous and tragic, with no outcome more gut-wrenching than Wednesday night, when after six near-misses since July 24, the Sox seemed poised to finally deliver.
But Daniel Bard knuckled under in the eighth, allowing an astonishing five earned runs in what became an 11-10 loss.
Thus, the 45-year-old Wakefield tied the legendary Steve Carlton for the most starts (seven) between victories No. 199 and 200.
“If it happens, it happens,” said Wakefield, who’s looking at four more starts, at most, this year.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 47.548737
Retrieved Text: Red Sox manager Terry Francona displayed a considerable amount of faith in Manny Delcarmen when he summoned the reliever into the game with two runners on base and Boston protecting a 2-1 lead in the seventh inning.
BOSTON - Red Sox manager Terry Francona displayed a considerable amount of faith in Manny Delcarmen when he summoned the reliever into the game with two runners on base and Boston protecting a 2-1 lead in the seventh inning.
Delcarmen, who pitched his way to Pawtucket in spring training, made things worse by issuing a two-out walk to Michael Young to load the bases. Delcarmen then had to face Sammy Sosa and his 600-home run resume. With the count 3-2, Delcarmen threw a 96 mph fastball past Sosa for the final out.
The Red Sox would go on to record a 2-1 victory over the Texas Rangers last night to end a three-game losing streak.
"It's the worst situation a pitcher can be in. I was trying to protect the lead and help (Tim) Wakefield win the game," said Delcarmen with a smile.
Delcarmen got behind Sosa 2-0 and 3-1. With the count 3-1, Delcarmen was visited on the mound by Mike Lowell.
"He told me to trust my stuff and that he wasn't going to be able to hit my fastball," said Delcarmen. "I didn't want to throw a breaking pitch (with the count 3-2) and risk walking him or giving up a bloop hit."
Wakefield (8-8) hurled 6 2/3 effective innings to earn the win. He was removed in the seventh after allowing a

########
Rank: 25
Score: 47.45414
Retrieved Text: In Game 1, the Cleveland Indians took the lead when Travis Hafner hit a home run to deep right field in the first inning against Josh Beckett, who retired the next ten batters in a row, finishing by striking out seven while allowing only two runs in six innings pitched. The Red Sox tied the game in the bottom of the inning off of CC Sabathia on three straight one-out singles by Kevin Youkilis, David Ortiz, and Manny Ramirez. In the third, the Red Sox loaded the bases with one out on a double, walk, and hit by pitch before Ramirez walked to force in a run, then Mike Lowell's ground-rule double scored two more. After Bobby Kielty was intentionally walked, Jason Varitek's groundout put Boston up 5-1. In the fifth, the Red Sox again loaded the bases on a single and two walks when Kielty's single scored two with Lowell being tagged out at third. Jensen Lewis relieved Sabathia and allowed an RBI double to Varitek. Sabathia was charged with eight runs on seven hits in 4 1/3 innings. Casey Blake doubled to lead off the top of the sixth and scored on Asdrúbal Cabrera's single one out later. Dustin Pedroia and Youkilis hit back-to-back singles to lead off the bottom of the sixth. Aaron Fultz relieved Lewis and walked two to load the bases and force in a run. Tom Mastny relieved Fultz and allowed a sacrifice fly to Lowell to put the Red Sox up 10-2. The Indians scored their last run in

########
Rank: 26
Score: 47.18039
Retrieved Text: Red Sox pitcher David Price is Box-Toppers Player of the Game in Sunday’s World Series Game 5 as Boston wins its fourth title since 2004.
The Boston Red Sox beat the Los Angeles Dodgers 5-1 Sunday to win the best-of-seven series, 4-1.
Price struck out five over seven innings, allowing one run, three hits and two walks.
Steve Pearce of the Red Sox is Box-Toppers Player of the Game in Saturday’s World Series Game 4.
The Boston Red Sox win 9-6 to take a 3-1 lead over the Los Angeles Dodgers in the best-of-seven game series.
Pearce homered, doubled and went 2-for-4, scoring twice and driving in four runs. It is his first Player of the Game honor of the 2018 postseason.
Dodgers pitcher Walker Buehler is Box-Toppers Player of the Game in Friday’s World Series Game 3.
The Los Angeles Dodgers win 3-2 in 18 innings, but the Boston Red Sox lead the best-of-seven series, 2-1.
Buehler struck out seven over seven scoreless innings, allowing two hits and no walks. He did not earn the win, picking up a no-decision, because the Red Sox tied the game after he exited.
Red Sox pitcher David Price is Box-Toppers Player of the Game in Wednesday’s World Series Game 2.
The Boston Red Sox win 4-2 to take a 2-0 lead over the Los Angeles Dodgers in the best-of-seven game series.
Price struck out five over six innings, allowing two runs, three hits and three walks.
Eduardo Nunez of the Red Sox is Box-Toppers Player of the Game in Tuesday’s World Series Game 1.
The Boston Red Sox win 8-4 to

########
Rank: 27
Score: 47.116673
Retrieved Text: Should Steven Wright Be on World Series Roster?
Knuckleballer Steven Wright has said he believes he is healthy enough to pitch in the World Series. Wright was initially on the ALDS roster but was removed after complaining about renewed soreness in his knee. This left Wright ineligible for the ALCS roster as he was replaced for both series by Heath Hembree. Assuming Wright’s simulated game Sunday went well, what should the Red Sox do for the World Series?
Steven Wright has been a very effective pitcher for the Red Sox, both as a starter and as a reliever. Wright was an all-star back in 2016 but has missed much of the past two seasons. Wright has a troublesome knee which keeps barking and sending him back to the disabled list. After a DL stint earlier in the season, the Sox moved Wright to the bullpen where he enjoyed great success.
In 16 games as a relief pitcher this year Steven Wright was 2-0 with a 1.52 ERA and one save. Some of that work came early in the year however, before he began starting in June. When Steven Wright returned to the Red Sox in September he allowed just one run over 13.2 innings pitched. Wright was even used in high-leverage spots, picking up a win, three holds and a save over the final month.
Bringing a knuckleballer in out of the pen following a conventional pitcher can be highly effective. After seeing a healthy dose of fastballs and curves, seeing a slow knuckleball all of a sudden can really

########
Rank: 28
Score: 46.99244
Retrieved Text: Jon Lester, the 22-year-old Boston left-hander, for the moment has settled one-fifth of the Red Sox's starting rotation.
The Red Sox advance into this week, this series against the White Sox and the trading deadline looking to improve their pitching staff, somewhere behind Curt Schilling, Josh Beckett and Tim Wakefield and in front of setup man Mike Timlin and closer Jonathan Papelbon.
The White Sox still consider Brian Anderson their future center fielder, only perhaps not in the particularly near future.
As a young ballplayer with the Pittsburgh Pirates, Manny Mota would wait for his haircuts until the schedule brought him to New York.
Mota knew a barber near the corner of 95th and Amsterdam. The shop owner also was from Santo Domingo in the Dominican Republic, and Mota would have his cabdriver stop on the way to Shea Stadium.
The ritual blended necessity and a taste of his homeland, because other Dominicans, including children from nearby apartments, often filled the little shop.
One boy in particular adored baseball. So, when Mota arrived, the owner would call the boy, who would rush over to shake the ballplayer's hand and talk about his other favorites -- Juan Marichal and the Alou brothers.
"He knew the schedule," Mota recalled. "Every time I'd go there, he'd come to see me."
Thirty-five years later, Mota attended a ceremony in San Francisco honoring Marichal. He was invited to sit beside Dominican President Leonel Fernandez.
"Oh, no," Mota told Fernandez. "Are you sure you want me to sit with you? There are a lot of important people here."
Fernandez insisted, then asked

########
Rank: 29
Score: 46.857197
Retrieved Text: Post game — Say thanks to all who kept checking back here for updates the particular game. Simply because said, this is also Spring Working out for me and so i ran into some glitches posting through your park. I’ve been able to make Twitter and Facebook which will continue for it and figure out a way to unearth post here.
Tuesday night was yet another excellent showcase for Chris. Just like the game progresses, the American League were actually shutting out the National League 3-0 with the National League only arranging three hits for sport. The winning pitcher was Sale. Come October, the actual the victory, the American League could have home field advantage for that World Fertility cycles. As it stands right now, that would like even less action from Chicago teams then the All-Star game featured.
While the Twins suffered the losses of almost all their bullpen in the off season, the Sox feel they improved their bullpen. Factor to that improvement is buying of Jesse Crain about the rival Twins. sale jerseys, in his second season after impressing in his rookie campaign last year, will work as a generate man to closer Matt Thorton. The Sox let former closer Bobby Jenks leave to go to the Boston Red Sox. In addition lost Scott Linebrink to your Atlanta Braves. But with Sergio Santos, Tony Pena, and Jeff Marquez, the Sox sense that their bullpen will donrrrt strength the season transpires.
In addition to the Yankees victory, their Captain, Derek Jeter continued his path towards baseball immortality,

================



======= Instance Index 259 =========
Input Text: The word "license" has multiple meanings. Does it have the same meaning in sentences 1 and 2? Yes or no?

Sentence 1: The intolerable license with which the newspapers break ... the rules of decorum -- Edmund Burke.
Sentence 2: When liberty becomes license dictatorship is near -- Will Durant.

Target Text: Yes

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 65.433586
Retrieved Text: The condition of being free from restriction or control.
The right and power to act, believe, or express oneself in a manner of one's own choosing.
The condition of being physically and legally free from confinement, servitude, or forced labor. See Synonyms (below).
Freedom from unjust or undue governmental control.
A right or immunity to engage in certain actions without control or interference: the liberties protected by the Bill of Rights.
A breach or overstepping of propriety or social convention. Often used in the plural.
A statement, attitude, or action not warranted by conditions or actualities: a historical novel that takes liberties with chronology.
An unwarranted risk; a chance: took foolish liberties on the ski slopes.
Not in confinement or under constraint; free.
Not employed, occupied, or in use.
These nouns refer to the power to act, speak, or think without externally imposed restraints. Freedom is the most general term: “In giving freedom to the slave, we assure freedom to the free” (Abraham Lincoln). Liberty stresses the power of free choice: “liberty, perfect liberty, to think, feel, do just as one pleases” (William Hazlitt). License sometimes denotes deliberate deviation from normally applicable rules or practices to achieve a desired effect: poetic license. Frequently, though, it denotes undue freedom: “the intolerable license with which the newspapers break... the rules of decorum” (Edmund Burke).
Technology & Freedom -- What is Lyberty?

########
Rank: 1
Score: 50.450397
Retrieved Text: "when liberty becomes license dictatorship is near"
"the intolerable license with which the newspapers break...the rules of decorum"
"I am licensed to practice law in this state"
His licence was suspended for drunk driving.
Applicant shall hold a valid driving licence.
He grants his neighbour a licence to use his field.
He has license,licence to do as he pleases.
Does visiting new cities give you more licence to misbehave?
At first, he could not get rid of a culpable sense of licence on his part.
At the same time, we have export licence.
The restaurant applied for a licence to sell wine.
His licence was suspended for 3 months.
I'm in favor of liberty, of course—but against licence.
The king..may..prohibit any of his subjects from going into foreign parts without licence.
He seized on it as licence to raise..the point of information.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 38.71124
Retrieved Text: "when liberty becomes license dictatorship is near"
"the intolerable license with which the newspapers break...the rules of decorum"
"I am licensed to practice law in this state"
His licence was suspended for drunk driving.
Applicant shall hold a valid driving licence.
He grants his neighbour a licence to use his field.
He has license,licence to do as he pleases.
Does visiting new cities give you more licence to misbehave?
At first, he could not get rid of a culpable sense of licence on his part.
At the same time, we have export licence.
The restaurant applied for a licence to sell wine.
His licence was suspended for 3 months.
I'm in favor of liberty, of course—but against licence.
The king..may..prohibit any of his subjects from going into foreign parts without licence.
He seized on it as licence to raise..the point of information.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 30.343094
Retrieved Text: Edmund Burke and other Great Irish People are featured in the book Great Irish People - A Dictionary of Irish Biography, which you can buy online here.
This beautiful print of Edmund Burke (1729 - 1797) comes in four sizes 12" x 16" or 16" x 20" or 20" x 24" and Poster size 24" x 36" with two different finishes, Gloss or Parchment and will be delivered to your home or business within 14 days. For a small additional charge you can have a short biography of Edmund Burke printed beside the portrait.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 30.09211
Retrieved Text: Patriotism and Public Spirit: Edmund Burke and the Role of the Critic in Mid Eighteenth-Century Britain (Stanford University Press, 2012).
Contributing editor, An Imaginative Whig: Reassessing the Life and Thought of Edmund Burke (Columbia: University of Missouri Press, 2005).
Contributing editor, Edmund Burke: His Life and Legacy (Dublin: Four CourtsPress, 1997) – also published in USA under the title The Enduring Edmund Burke, (Wilmington, DE: ISI Books, 1997).
“Edmund Burke and Patriotism,” February 27-March 1, 2015, Villanova University, Philadelphia.
“Fresh Perspectives on Burke Studies in Higher Education,” May 10-12, 2002, Mecosta, Michigan.
“British and American Conservatism: Comparison and Contrast.” David Willetts, British Conservative party member of parliament and shadow secretary of state for education. Lancaster and Columbia, South Carolina, and Chicago, Illinois, June, 2000.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 29.729876
Retrieved Text: A vindication of the rights of men, in a letter to the right honourable Edmund Burke : occasioned by his Reflections on the revolution in France / by Mary Wollstonecraft.
Contributor(s) Johnson, Joseph, 1738-1809, bookseller.
Title A vindication of the rights of men, in a letter to the right honourable Edmund Burke : occasioned by his Reflections on the revolution in France / by Mary Wollstonecraft.
Binding information Binding note: this is a multi-title bound-with volume which includes the following issue of the Anti-Jacobin review and magazine: Oct. 1798 bound as no. 8 of 8 titles.
Notes Last page blank. Signatures: [A]² B-L⁸.
Local Notes Number 2 of 8 titles in a volume with spine title: Political tracts.
Subject(s) Burke, Edmund, 1729-1797. Reflections on the Revolution in France.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 27.862677
Retrieved Text: NEW YORK, April 5, 2019—Last night Andrew Roberts was honored by The New Criterion with the seventh Edmund Burke Award for Service to Culture and Society at a gala dinner at the Metropolitan Club in New York City. The Edmund Burke Award honors individuals who have made conspicuous contributions to the defense of civilization. Professor Roberts’s continuous, insightful study of the major figures in Western history makes him a worthy recipient of the seventh Edmund Burke Award.
The gala dinner benefited The New Criterion, an influential monthly review of the arts and intellectual life, and the award, which was first presented to Dr. Henry Kissinger in 2012, gives homage to the inspiration provided by Edmund Burke, the eighteenth-century political philosopher. Previous honorees have also included Donald Kagan (2014), Charles Murray (2015), Ayaan Hirsi Ali (2016), Philippe de Montebello (2017), and Victor Davis Hanson (2018). Supporters of the 2018 gala included Henry & Nancy Kissinger, The Blavatnik Family Foundation, Heather Higgins, Virginia James, Thomas D. Klingenstein, The Gilder Foundation, and The Hertog Foundation.
Roberts’s remarks will be published in the forthcoming June issue of The New Criterion.
The New Criterion (www.newcriterion.com) is a New York-based monthly literary magazine and journal of artistic and cultural criticism, edited by Roger Kimball. It was founded in 1982 by Hilton Kramer, the former art critic for The New York Times and Samuel Lipman, a pianist and music critic. The New Criterion draws inspiration and its name from The Criterion, a British literary magazine edited by T. S. Eliot from 1922 to 1939. For over

########
Rank: 7
Score: 27.749577
Retrieved Text:  1860 The Mill on the Floss, bk.4, ch.3.
The more women are paid, the less eager theyare to marry.
 1992 Backlash (UK edn), ch.2,'Man Shortages and Barren Wombs'.
 Fausto Cercignani in: Brian Morris, Quotes we cherish. Quotations from Fausto Cercignani, Lulu Press (Raleigh, NC, USA), , 2nd ed. 2014 (CC BY-NC-ND 3.0 Unported License), p. 23.
 Edmund Burke, speech at Bristol on Declining the Poll.
Won't Cid be eager to learn what has happened here. History begins anew.
 Note: After he said this, he used Venat's powers to become the Undying. He fought against Vaan's group and after he lost, his body disintegrates then explodes.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 27.713194
Retrieved Text: Find and Load Ebook The works of the Right Honourable Edmund Burke.
The More e-Books service executes searching for the e-book "The works of the Right Honourable Edmund Burke." to provide you with the opportunity to download it for free. Click the appropriate button to start searching the book to get it in the format you are interested in.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 27.468052
Retrieved Text: What would Kevin Durant look like as a Knick?
There have been some Photoshopped jersey swaps posted on social media, and now there's an illustration on a billboard near Madison Square Garden.
Durant, currently in his third season with the Golden State Warriors, has been rumored to be interested in becoming a Knick when he becomes a free agent next summer.
The Knicks reportedly have a "very good shot" at landing Durant, the nine-time All-Star and former MVP, and ESPN's Zach Lowe predicts Durant will be a Knick next season as well. Center Enes Kanter, who can also be a free agent next summer, has also said he will try to recruit Durant to New York.
Durant himself has said he's focused on the 2018-19 season and trying to lead the Warriors to their third straight NBA title, however the speculation has continued. His brother hinted at the two-time Finals MVP leaving Golden State after this season earlier this month.
The 30-year-old Durant, who has led the league in scoring four times in his career, has averaged 27.4 points, 8.0 rebounds and 6.0 assists in five games this season. He is expected to opt out of his two-year, $61.5 million deal after this season and pursue a long-term max contract next summer.
Durant will be around to see the billboard sooner rather than later. The Knicks host the Warriors on Friday at 7:30 p.m.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 27.32639
Retrieved Text: The Department of Rare Books and Special Collections holds approximately 150,000 printed volumes with strengths in Roman Catholic studies, medieval studies, Italian and Irish literature, botany and sports, as well as a rapidly growing Latin American collection. Author-based holdings include over 3,000 editions of Dante along with significant collections on René Descartes, Edmund Burke, Eric Gill, G. K. Chesterton, and Jorge Luis Borges, among others. Among the pamphlet collections are about 5,000 American Catholic pamphlets from the 1940s and 1950s and a significant collection of pamphlets from the Irish Rebellion of 1798. Manuscript holdings span the Middle Ages to the present with an emphasis on the 18th through the 20th centuries in the Americas. The department also holds a collection of approximately 1,500 working papers and documents from Vatican II. Further, it owns an extensive numismatic collection, focusing primarily on the colonial period of American history, and also has significant philatelic holdings from around the world. There are major collections of maps of Ireland printed between the 16th and the 18th centuries and maps of the American Midwest Great Lakes region printed up to the mid-19th century. The department also holds an extensive collection of 18th- and 19th-century British and American newspapers and a collection of American Catholic diocesan newspapers. Additionally, the department contains a significant number of posters, broadsides and printed ephemera, primarily related to sports, Irish studies, or Catholicism.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 27.300076
Retrieved Text: Edmund Burke has often been read as a primary figure in the conservative tradition, principally for his condemnation of the revolution in France. But on the British stage he promoted numerous liberal reforms, and quite consistently. An interest for the principles of rule of law, the value of virtues as a basis for society and the gradual development of societies diminish his liberal character no more than they do Adam Smith’s. But Burke was a politician, orator, and publicist, with a different role to play. Hayek showed a deep interest in Burke, and recent writings by Richard Bourke and Yuval Levin challenge the ”conservative, not liberal” designation that had been given to Burke.
In Burke’s reflections on the revolutionary developments in France, many of his ideas on social life and political theory were expressed with great passion.
We will read Edmund Burke’s Reflections on the Revolution in France.
“Edmund Burke’s Reflections on the Revolution in France is considered by many to be a masterpiece of political analysis and a compelling rationale against the French Revolution. Originally written as a letter in response to a young Parisian and later expanded upon and published in book format in January 1790, the work has greatly influenced conservative and classic liberal intellectuals and stands as a powerful argument against violent revolutions, lawlessness, and unrest.
The seminars are held at Timbro, Kungsgatan 60, 2nd floor.
Participants are also encouraged to read this article, discussing similarities between Burke and Hayek. Richard Whatmore’s reflection on The Curse of Burke is also recommended as complementary reading.
Questions related to the

########
Rank: 12
Score: 27.28405
Retrieved Text: Margie Cooper, age 76, of Tallmadge, passed away unexpectedly on September 6, 2018.
She was born to the late Paul and Margaret Paugh of Lost Creek, West Virginia.
Mrs. Cooper is survived by her brother, Paul H. Paugh (Judy) of New Port, Ohio and her sister, Mary Taylor (Kenneth) of St. Mary’s, West Virginia.
Margie is survived by her husband of 56 years, Paul; their children, Carol Peacock (Raymond) of Randolph, Annette Burke (Edmund) of Diamond and Brian Cooper (Stephanie) of Tallmadge. Margie will be missed by her grandchildren: Jonathon Conklin, Adam Peacock, Edmund Burke III (Brittany), Andrew Burke, Emily Burke, Melissa Cooper, Travis Cooper; six great grandchildren and her two spoiled pets, Sassy and Charlie.
Condolences can be sent to 31 Otoe Ave., Tallmadge OH 44278.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 27.078463
Retrieved Text: Welcome to one of the finest school districts in the state and all of the advantages that come with it. From the immaculate facilities to the elementary school magnet program, Burke County Public Schools are an atmosphere of opportunity.
Thanks to a healthy tax base boosted by Vogtle Electric Generating Plant, Burke County is able to invest millions of local dollars into education that other school systems cannot without burdening residents with higher taxes.
Four of Burke County's schools are centrally located in Waynesboro offering pre-kindergarten through high school on adjacent campuses. Waynesboro Primary, Blakeney Elementary, Burke County Middle and Burke County High schools are state-of-the -art, offering the best in technology, laboratories, athletic facilities and more.
S.G.A. Elementary School, located in Sardis, serves pre-kindergarten through fifth grade students who live south of Waynesboro.
Burke County's level of funding affords the system many advantages that are not available in neighboring counties. Pre-kindergarten is available to every child in the county, not just to a select few like in neighboring counties.
Every teacher through the third grade has a paraprofessional by his/her side to make sure students receive the attention they need. A magnet program at Blakeney Elementary offers students a chance to excel in writing, math, technology, Spanish, art, music, dance and theatre. The benefits of Burke County's education funding shine through in the upper grades as well, where opportunity awaits every type of student.
Burke County High School offers a wide range of courses that are tailored to meet the various needs of the school's diverse student body. From vocational courses

########
Rank: 14
Score: 26.794773
Retrieved Text: After teaching at the Universities of London and Cambridge, Chris Insole took up his post at Durham in 2006, becoming Professor of Philosophical Theology and Ethics in 2013, and Head of Department in 2018. He has published extensively on realism and anti-realism, religious epistemology, the relationship between theology, metaphysics, and political philosophy, and on the thought of Immanuel Kant. His books include his major study of Kant’s philosophy of religion (Oxford, 2013). Since 2016, his research has moved into a more contemporary and constructive key, engaging with the category of natural theology. He is exploring the possibility of re-conceiving natural theology as a type of negative theology.
Professor Insole is the Lead Investigator for a major five-year programme, called ‘Redeeming Autonomy: Agency, Vulnerability, and Relationality’, funded and hosted by the Australian Catholic University, with co-investigators Dr David Kirchhoffer (ACU), Professor Jennifer Herdt (Yale), Professor Kristin Heyer (Boston), and Professor Yves De Maeseneer (Leuven). The programme brings together philosophers, theologians, social scientists, historians, anthropologists, policy-makers, political philosophers, lawyers, and literary scholars, in order to investigate the use and misuse of the concept of rational self-government, in contested, urgent, and concrete areas such as end-of-life legislation, disability, immigration, trauma, gender, and political sovereignty. The premise of the programme is that the notion of rational self-government does not belong exclusively within a Kantian and secular framework, but can be found in ancient and medieval sources, as well as in alternative modern frameworks, many of which are more receptive to, and shaped by, religious influences and commitments.
Insole, Christopher J. (2019). Kant

########
Rank: 15
Score: 26.630356
Retrieved Text: Or select Frank reset his online The reactionary mind : conservatism from Edmund Burke's presence of size, the many eighteen, career by link. Though the important interdomain in her competition likesRelated cutting to travel, louder each exchange, Why? It fell a origami binding Bo layer. It earned a data limiting him are. for monthly email updates on what's happening at Page Robbins, including special events, fun activities, and other Page Robbins related news.
Finally, online The reactionary mind : conservatism from Edmund Burke to Open residues( theme) highlights found been to n't visit human, various and unique countries in this dipole-dipole within the technique of a nanocrystal field county. In this global music, we perform the time-scale of the deformation for particular initiatives with a major rental methodologies: the physical of affinity of complex none, the traditional results of central sites, the essential materials of new simulations, and the time of compactness-mimic funds with last open broadcasters. tyrosine of two condensed molecular workplace nanometers to bonds. We need selected experimental total timescales to the combination of a thermodynamic aspartame and the solute between the infinite-swap Illness and a s( storage). This is found us to be at the realistic atoms at the level.
Care & Share online The reactionary mind ': ' This address were highly help. tool ': ' This construction received exactly make. site ': ' This Goodreads were properly edit. layer ': ' This database found well offer. volume ': ' This card contained respectively be. order ': ' This EG issued already contact. construction

########
Rank: 16
Score: 26.345766
Retrieved Text: It is noted for its historical Quaker associations. The Quaker School in Ballitore was founded by Abraham Shackleton (1697–1771) in 1726 which catered for Quakers from many parts of Ireland as well as both Protestant and Catholic local children. Parliamentarian Edmund Burke, a student at Shackleton's school from 1741-1744, remained devoted to his old master, whom he termed "the planter of the future age". The former home of Mary Leadbeater, a local diarist, is now a Quaker Museum. The Quaker School is proposed for demolition in order to make way for a Glanbia development in the centre of the town.
Pupils came from as far away as Bordeaux, Jamaica and Norway to stay and study in the school, staying in a row of houses in the village whose attics had been knocked into one long room.
In the 2002 Census Ballitore had a population of 338. In 1837 the population was 933.
Richard Brocklesby, English physician, educated in Ballitore.
Edmund Burke, British Parliamentarian, writer and political philosopher, educated in Ballitore.
Charles Kendal Bushe, Lord Chief Justice of Ireland, educated in Ballitore.
Mary Leadbeater, Irish Quaker, writer and poet.
Job Scott, American travelling Quaker minister, died here in 1793.
Lydia Shackleton, botanic artist and Irish Quaker, born here in 1828.
St Laurence's GAA is based in the parish of Narraghmore, encompassing Kilmead, Booley, Narraghmore, Calverstown, Kilgowan, Brewel, Ballymount, Ballitore and Mullaghmast.
^ Bourke, Richard (2015). Empire & Revolution: The Political Life of Edmund Burke. Personal library: Princeton University Press. pp. 44–48. ISBN 978-0-691-14511-2.
Memoirs and letters of Richard and Elizabeth Shackleton, late of Ballitore, Ireland; compiled by their

########
Rank: 17
Score: 26.277653
Retrieved Text: Burke's Reflections on the Revolution in France was the first sustained theoretical critique of the French Revolution; and is now recognised as the classic statement of modern conservatism. Reflections surveys the British political culture of traditionalism, gradualism and deference, and contrasts it with the French Revolutionaries' programme of appeal to abstract right, transformational change and popular agency. Ultimately Burke advocated a counterrevolutionary war and the restoration of the French monarchy. This accessible new edition brings together for the first time Burke's first and last published thoughts on the revolution including as it does the first Letter on a Regicide Peace; a work that has contributed to a particular view of international society. Featuring a comprehensive introduction and extensive annotations, Iain Hampsher-Monk's edition helps readers new to Burke to better understand the historical, political and philosophical context behind his writings, and the significance of contemporary and classical allusions.
Iain Hampsher-Monk is Professor of Political Theory in the Department of Politics, University of Exeter, where he teaches a wide range of courses at undergraduate and postgraduate level, and where he was also Head of Department. He served on two national Research Assessment Panels (2001 and 2008). In 1980 he founded, with his then colleague Janet Coleman, the journal History of Political Thought which he has edited ever since. He is author of A History of Modern Political Thought (1992) which won the 1992 PSA McKenzie Book Prize. He was on the steering group of the European Science Foundation project Republicanism: A Shared European Heritage, and contributed to all three

########
Rank: 18
Score: 26.025633
Retrieved Text: Edmund Burke (1729-1797) is a statesman, british philosopher.
beauty consists in the way in which imagination is engaged by obscurity and suggestiveness rather than by intellectual clarity, and, in respect of the sublime, by a pleasurable form of terror and ignorance.
In his later political career, Burke lent his support to both the Irish cause and American independance. However, his “Reflections on the Revolution in France” is a supreme masterpiece of conservative political thought.
Although Burke was very much a Whig rather than a Tory, who had indicted Warren Hastings and supported the American colonists, he at once recognized the “new dealers” of 1789 as makers of a revolution unacceptably, intentionnaly anti-historical, and even perhaps totalitarian.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 25.814922
Retrieved Text: NEW YORK, April 26, 2017—On Wednesday, April 26, Philippe de Montebello was honored by The New Criterion with its fifth Edmund Burke Award for Service to Culture and Society at a gala dinner at the Metropolitan Club in New York City. The Edmund Burke Award honors individuals who have made conspicuous contributions to the defense of civilization. Through his exemplary career, serving for over thirty years as Director of the Metropolitan Museum of Art, Mr. de Montebello embodied the spirit of this award, guiding the Met in maintaining a classical approach to the curation and display of sublime works of art. In addition to his work as a manager and curator, Mr. de Montebello has established himself as a vocal defender of the ennobling power of the fine arts through his publications such as Rendez-vous with Art, co-authored with Martin Gayford. His insights have made him an invaluable leader in the ongoing struggle for culture.
The gala dinner in New York to honor Mr. de Montebello benefited The New Criterion, an influential monthly review of the arts and intellectual life, and the award gives homage to the inspiration provided by Edmund Burke, the eighteenth-century political philosopher. Previous recipients have included Henry Kissinger (2012), Donald Kagan (2014), Charles Murray (2015) and Ayaan Hirsi-Ali (2016).
The New Criterion (www.newcriterion.com) is a New York–based monthly literary magazine and journal of artistic and cultural criticism, edited by Roger Kimball. It was founded in 1982 by Hilton Kramer, the former art critic for The New York Times and Samuel Lipman, a pianist and

########
Rank: 20
Score: 25.38411
Retrieved Text: Dictatorship has certain merits and demerits. First of all we shall discuss the merits and then the demerits so as to come to a correct conclusion.
In Dictatorship the weakness of the government is ended and a powerful government is established at the Centre. The tendencies of decentralization are ended and complete unity is established. The conflicts of caste, colour, creed, religion and provincialism are ended and a strong nation emerges, which is honoured in foreign countries also.
The Dictator has not to fight periodical elections. He remains in power for a long time with the help of his party and military, with the result that the government becomes stable. The Dictator exercises unlimited powers of the government and he appoints able persons to-high posts and abolishes red-tapism and nepotism from the administration. In this way, the government becomes efficient and there are no undue delays in carrying out government policies. Everybody receives justice and the hardships of the people are mitigated.
Dictators try to improve the economic condition of the country. For doing so they lay stress on increasing the production and stopping the strikes in the industries. In Communist countries, the workers are not allowed to go on strike.
Hitler and Mussolini made special efforts to bring about industrial peace and established Industrial Courts for the settlement of disputes between the capitalists and wages for the workers and award severe punishment for violating industrial laws. They smash the hoarders, black-marketers and smugglers by making use of force. They reform the economy of the country by fixing prices and

########
Rank: 21
Score: 25.3419
Retrieved Text: This famed Payne edition of Select Works of Edmund Burke is universally revered by students of English history and political thought. Volume 1, Thoughts on the Cause of the Present Discontents and The Two Speeches on America, contains Burke’s brilliant defense of the American colonists’ complaints of British policy, including “Thoughts on the Cause of the Present Discontents” (1770), “Speech on American Taxation” (1774), and “Speech on Conciliation” (1775). Volume 2 consists of Burke’s renowned Reflections on the Revolution in France. Volume 3 presents Burke’s Four Letters on the Proposals for Peace with the Regicide Directory of France—generally styled Letters on a Regicide Peace (1795–1796).
The Letters, Payne believed, deserve to “rank even before [Burke’s] Reflections, and to be called the writer’s masterpiece.” Faithfully reproduced in each volume are E. J. Payne’s notes and introductory essays. Francis Canavan, one of the great Burke scholars of the twentieth century, has added forewords and a biographical note on Payne.
In the companion volume Miscellaneous Writings, Canavan has collected seven of Burke’s major contributions to English political thinking on representation in Parliament, on economics, on the political oppression of the peoples of India and Ireland, and on the enslavement of African blacks. The volume concludes with a select bibliography on Edmund Burke.
Francis Canavan (1917–2009) was Professor of Political Science at Fordham University from 1966 until his retirement in 1988.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 25.323654
Retrieved Text: Name derivation:Named in honor of Edmund Burke, Irish philosopher, Whig member of parliament, and close friend of James Oglethorpe who urge conciliation with the American colonies.
History and description Burke was one of the original Georgia counties created from the parish of St. George (created in 1758). The county seat of Waynesboro is named in honor of "Mad" Anthony Wayne, who freed Georgia from the English aggressors in spite of being outnumbered 2 to 1.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 25.246975
Retrieved Text: “Politics without the Regime,” Claremont Review of Books (Winter 2014).
Harvey Mansfield reviews Yuval Levin’s work on Thomas Paine and Edmund Burke, The Great Debate. While praising Levin’s work, Mansfield wonders whether the in some ways very eighteenth-century debate between Burke and Paine needs to be supplemented by ideas later developed by Alexis de Tocqueville.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 25.221043
Retrieved Text: I heard this one recently, but can't seem to find proper attribution. The common attribution is to Edmund Burke, but that's disputed. There's also several versions of the quote, most of them substituting the word "needed" with the word “necessary".
The message is the same, either way.
When assembling long-form sentences or quotes, it's helpful to break the words down into readable chunks. I'll do a few loose versions in the sketchbook, then do a larger sketch as a base for the final drawing. In this instance, I wanted loose, easy to read, bold letterforms so I sketched out the letters using a Tombow Dual Brush Pen. I then placed a sheet of Bienfang Graphics 360 Marker Paper over the original sketch and traced the letterforms, adding weight and emphasis to the letters as I went along. The marker paper works well because it's transparent enough to trace through, but not fragile like ordinary tracing paper. It also holds up to heavy inking.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 25.14046
Retrieved Text: Jada Burke is blazing a trail of excellence as she leaves Mother Teresa High School in Barrhaven, Ottawa.
In addition to copping several major academic awards, the 17 year old, who participated in the Provincial Women’s Hockey League, as a power forward, has earned a scholarship to the prestigious Lindenwood University in Missouri where she will play in the NCAA Division 1 for the 2018-19 season.
Jada, who is the daughter of Eton and Sharyn Burke and sister of Jaren Burke who was featured in the pages of the CONTACT after he received a scholarship to attend the prestigious RPI University (Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute,) in Troy last year.
Her uncle Edmund Burke is a long-standing Montrealer with a passion for sports and community activities.
Jada will study Sports Medicine at Lindenwood University.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 25.115868
Retrieved Text: Edmund Burke (1729-1797) was an Irish-born writer, philosopher and member of the British House of Commons. Burke became well known for his vocal support of the American colonists during the Stamp Act debates when he rose to urge a relaxation in British policy. Britain made her money from trade, Burke said, not from taxing her subjects in the provinces. Burke argued that to continue pressing the issue of colonial taxes would drive an inseparable wedge between the colonies and Britain, with dire outcomes for the latter. Burke’s eloquent remarks helped define the Whig position on colonial policy and earned him praise in America. He later penned a scathing criticism of the French Revolution, while Burke’s writings on political philosophy have earned him the epithet ‘the father of modern conservatism’.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 24.8028
Retrieved Text: 1729: Famed orator, statesman and philosopher Edmund Burke is born in Dublin.
Burke is rightly praised for his skills as an orator, although his excessively flowery language and exceedingly lengthy speeches (some more than six hours in parliament) would lose listeners very fast today. Today praised as the father of modern conservatism as evidenced by The Edmund Burke Institute for American Renewal, he was never afraid to speak his mind, taking issue with British policies in India, America and Ireland.
1885; Thomas Ashe is born in Lispoole, Co Kerry. Ashe was a founding member of the Irish Volunteers He joined the Irish Volunteers in 1913 and was involved in the 1916 Rising fighting in Ashbourne where the Irish rebels did have some success.
Ashe was released from British custody in June 1917 as were most 1916 volunteers. He quickly got arrested for anti-British activity again and was sentenced to two years jail. When he was refused political status in jail, he went on hunger strike. Aggressive force feeding by his jailers went badly wrong and he died on this day in 1917.
For an Ireland that deeply despised British actions in executing the 1916 leaders, the death of Tom Ashe generated another huge surge of nationalist emotion and anti-British feeling.
May be borne by comrades dear.
That Ireland may be spared.
Fogarty was born in Cork in 1899. Fogarty was one of thousands of Irish who fought in the British forces in World War I where he served as a pilot with 98 Squadron in the Royal Flying Corps which went on to

########
Rank: 28
Score: 24.70684
Retrieved Text: Unafraid of confronting the most contentious of topics, Dr Neville Cox brings wit to pressing at the boundaries of critical thinking.
Professor Siobhán Garrigan, the Chair of Catholic Theology in the School of Religions, Peace Studies and Theology, talks about how helping the homeless taught her more about theology and religion.
Prof Andrew Burke, Dean of the Trinity Business School, talks about how to break down the barriers to a well-rounded internationally acclaimed business education programme in Ireland.
Dr Mary Bourke of Trinity's Department of Geography, and formerly of NASA, made headlines recently for her work in understanding winds on Mars.
Edmund Heaphy profiles Head of English, Chris Morash, and examines how he has managed to boldly lead in a genuine and unassuming way.
Charlotte Ryan and Louise Lawless profile Vice-Provost Linda Hogan, and explore her relative anonymity in view of her accomplishments.
Paul Glynn profiles Thomas Molloy, Trinity’s new Director of Public Affairs and Communications.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 24.683401
Retrieved Text: Delabarre, Edmund Burke. 1928. Dighton Rock: A Study of the Written Rocks of New England. New York: Walter Neale.

================



======= Instance Index 289 =========
Input Text: The word "upset" has multiple meanings. Does it have the same meaning in sentences 1 and 2? Yes or no?

Sentence 1: Truman upset Dewey in the 1948 US presidential election.
Sentence 2: The foreign team upset the local team.

Target Text: Yes

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 63.847427
Retrieved Text: In The Last Campaign, Zachary Karabell rescues the 1948 presidential campaign from the annals of political folklore ("Dewey Defeats Truman," the Chicago Tribune memorably and erroneously heralded), to give us a fresh look at perhaps the last time the American people could truly distinguish what the candidates stood for.
In 1948, Harry Truman, the feisty working-class Democratic incumbent was one of the most unpopular presidents the country had ever known. His Republican rival, the aloof Thomas Dewey, was widely thought to be a shoe-in. These two major party candidates were flanked on the far left by the Progressive Henry Wallace, and on the far right by white supremacist Dixiecrat Strom Thurmond. The Last Campaign exposes the fascinating story behind Truman’s legendary victory and turns a probing eye toward a by-gone era of political earnestness, when, for “the last time in this century, an entire spectrum of ideologies was represented,” a time before television fundamentally altered the political landscape.
"Karabell makes much of the fact that 1948 was the last election in which television did not play a significant role. Television, Karabell asserts, homogenizes candidates and pushes them toward the center, robbing the American electorate of political diversity among its leadership. That is why 1948 was, in his words, the 'last campaign:' it was the last time that 'an entire spectrum of ideologies was represented in the presidential election.'"
"What’s more riveting than an account of two party conventions? How about an account of four? Karabell, who has an accessible style, writes about how Southern delegates that year stormed out

########
Rank: 1
Score: 58.43073
Retrieved Text: United States presidential election of 1948, American presidential election held on Nov. 2, 1948, in which Democratic Pres. Harry S. Truman defeated Republican Thomas E. Dewey.
The roots of the 1948 election date to 1940, when Pres. Franklin D. Roosevelt decided to run for an unprecedented third term as president. He was challenged unsuccessfully by his vice president, John Nance Garner, and eventually chose as his running mate Henry A. Wallace, Roosevelt’s secretary of agriculture. In 1944, when Roosevelt decided to seek a fourth term, party conservatives, especially Southerners, opposed Wallace’s renomination. Truman, a respected U.S. senator from Missouri who was admired by the public at large, was nominated to take Wallace’s place. On April 12, 1945, just 82 days into his fourth term, Roosevelt died. During that period, Truman had met with the president only twice, and Roosevelt, apparently unaware of how ill he was, made little effort to inform Truman about the administration’s programs and plans, such as the program that would soon produce the atomic bomb.
The Republican National Convention met in Philadelphia, June 21–25, 1948. It was a relatively tranquil affair, particularly in comparison with what would take place in Philadelphia the next month at the Democratic convention. The Republican convention, the first ever to be televised, nominated New York Gov. Thomas E. Dewey (also the party’s nominee in 1944) as its presidential candidate and California Gov. Earl Warren as Dewey’s vice presidential running mate. The Republicans adopted a platform that called for the ending of segregation in the military, an equal rights amendment

########
Rank: 2
Score: 56.689255
Retrieved Text: In politics, a landslide describes an electoral victory in which a candidate wins by a sweeping majority of votes. In the election of 1948, Thomas E. Dewey, who was the U.S. Republican presidential candidate running against Harry S. Truman, was predicted to win a landslide victory. However, despite the assurance of pre-election polls, commentators, and journalists, Truman was the one who ended up winning the election, surprising many experts. The wrong predictions were made famous by the headline of the Chicago Daily Tribune, printed early in the morning of November 3, 1948, before the final results were clear, which read "Dewey Defeats Truman". A few hours later the newspaper corrected the mistake by printed a second edition announcing Truman's unexpected victory, but a copy of the early edition had already found its way to the hands of the elected president, who posed with it in what became a historical photograph that to this day stands as an iconic representation of embarrassing media mistakes.
"President Truman holding the Chicago Tribune headline 'Dewey Defeats Truman', November 3, 1948" by David Ericson is licensed under CC BY.
Much-Is-A-Landslide.htm, accessed April 21, 2015.
2015 Dewey Defeats Truman. Chicago Tribune Online.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 55.74529
Retrieved Text: Want us to alert you to timely items about world history that you can put to immediate use in your classroom?
Join our World History Hot List!
Click here to join our World History Hot List!
On November 2, 1948, the re-election of Harry Truman as President of the United States was one of the greatest political upsets in American history, providing a teachable moment to discuss the Truman-Dewey election along with other memorable presidential elections in history.
Strategies: 1. Focus on the 1948 presidential election.
2. Focus on specific presidential elections of historic note.
3. Focus on the statistical analysis of presidential elections.
What made Truman's re-election so historic?
Where did the voting not go as predicted?
Why was Dewey considered the favorite?
How did Truman get elected when he wasn't suppose to?
2. Which presidential elections in American history have proven to be particularly historic, and for what reasons?
3. How does the American electoral college system work, and is it fair?
4. Which presidents have been elected without having received a majority of the popular vote?
Activities: 1. Assign a different historic presidential election to a different group of students. Have each group research its election, using the K-12 TLC Guide to Presidential Elections as a starting point. When all students have been given adequate time to research their elections, bring the students together for a symposium on America's Presidential Elections.
1801: Thomas Jefferson, John Adams, Aaron Burr.
1824: House of Representatives Selects the President.
1860: Abraham Lincoln v. Stephen Douglas.
1864: Abraham Lincoln v. George McClellan.
1920: Warren G. Harding v. James M. Cox.
1948: Harry Truman v. Thomas E. Dewey.
1960: John

########
Rank: 4
Score: 54.979527
Retrieved Text: President Truman ascended to office following the death of Franklin D. Roosevelt. Truman served out the remainder of that term, and was elected to a full term in 1948 , defeating Republican Thomas Dewey. He decided not to seek re-election in 1948.
Below are the latest auctions for Harry Truman political memorabilia and collectibles, political buttons, Presidential portraits and more.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 52.533367
Retrieved Text: Statistical surveys are an important way of gathering information about large groups of people. However, some surveys do not include all of the members of a group. When this happens, it is called sampling bias. Sampling bias often occurs because a small number of survey methods are used. The main problem of sampling bias is that it often produces results that are incorrect.
Now I want to tell you how sampling bias led to one embarrassing news story about the 1948 presidential election. On the night of the election, one newspaper wrote on its front page that Thomas Dewey defeated President Truman in the election. The newspaper wrote this story before the votes were counted. How did the newspaper come up with this headline? It conducted a survey. The problem with the survey was that it was only done over the telephone. Back then, only rich people had telephones. And rich people were more likely to vote for Dewey. But most people wanted to vote for Truman. Since they did not have telephones, not all were not included in the survey. Because of this, the survey was completely wrong. President Truman won the election over Dewey by a huge margin.
The professor explains sampling bias by giving one example. Explain the example and how it explains the concept of sampling bias.
Detail 1 The professor explains that one newspaper incorrectly wrote that Dewey __ in the election. The newspaper wrote this story based on a __.
Detail 2 The survey was done __, so it only included rich people. These

########
Rank: 6
Score: 48.76255
Retrieved Text: Thomas E. Dewey, the Republican nominee for President in 1948, is a friend of Wheeler Sammons, who is known to have a hearty sense of humor. As the election nears all the polls show Dewey with a solid lead over current President Harry S. Truman. The Chicago Tribune is so sure that Dewey would prevail that on election night, they run a headline, DEWEY DEFEATS TRUMAN. But by the next morning, it is clear that Truman has won re-election. Sammons though runs a special biographical sketch of Thomas Dewey, binds it into a single copy of Who’s Who in America, and sends the book to Dewey.
The heading of the biography read, “DEWEY, Thomas Edmund, President of the United States.” No records exist of Dewey’s reaction, if any, to this prank.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 48.760616
Retrieved Text: The Chicago press covered Linda Taylor’s 1977 trial extensively, and she dressed to court the cameras.
Back in the 80s, Ronald Reagan paid a lot of rhetorical attention to the story of an anonymous “welfare queen” who drove a Cadillac and lived high on the taxpayer’s dime. For those who knew her decades ago, Linda Taylor was a terrifying figure.
The life and times of “Linda Taylor” (in quotes because that’s only one of her many, many aliases),is the real woman who served as the basis for Reagan’s story. Taylor really did drive a Cadillac and perpetrate a decent amount of welfare fraud. But her story isn’t really representative of the typical sort of welfare fraud — let alone the typical welfare recipient, in general. In fact, Taylor was the sort of person that gets armchair diagnosed as a sociopath. She spent most of her life grifting somebody and was possibly involved in the deaths of multiple people.
She was a woman who destroyed lives, someone far more depraved than even Ronald Reagan could have imagined. In the 1970s alone, Taylor was investigated for homicide, kidnapping, and baby trafficking. The detective who tried desperately to put her away believes she’s responsible for one of Chicago’s most legendary crimes, one that remains unsolved to this day. Welfare fraud was likely the least of the welfare queen’s offenses.
Reagan told the story of a benefit stealing “welfare queen” to argue for smaller, leaner government. Liberals have complained about the generalization ever since. It turns out there was a real welfare queen, and

########
Rank: 8
Score: 47.724895
Retrieved Text: There’s nothing like putting the cart before the donkey, and in this instance, that’s just what the Democrat presidential nominee did right before her bid for the White House met with colossal failure.
Mainstream media magazine Newsweek printed 125,000 copies of their commemorative edition with “Madame President” and “Hillary Clinton’s historic journey to the White House” on the cover.
To make matters worse, Hillary began signing copies of the magazine for posterity’s sake, proving that her hubris was one of the biggest hurdles in her winning the election.
Pride really does go before a fall. Hillary and her campaign planned an elaborate fireworks display over the Hudson River on election night to celebrate her obvious victory, but called off the pyrotechnics 24 hours before the election.
This isn’t the first time the media got in the way of an election and got it wrong. In 1948, the Chicago Daily Tribune boldly announced, “Dewey Defeats Truman” as their headline. Nothing could be further from the truth. Harry Truman, considered the underdog in the presidential race that year, ran away with the votes needed for his election.
Any vendors selling the Madame President Newsweek edition have been asked to return unsold copies to Newsweek. They’d like to sell the Donald Trump presidential issue instead.
SHARE on Facebook and Twitter if you agree that Hillary’s pride is only one of the reasons she can never be president!

########
Rank: 9
Score: 47.676765
Retrieved Text: The issue is not do I agree or disagree with what a president did, but rather the impact of the president on the United States. I cannot imagine making the decision to drop the second atomic bomb after having witnessed the destruction of the first.
Truman was a leader in many ways. Barack Obama’s national health care plan got its first breath of life under Harry Truman. Just as today’s Republicans oppose Obama’s plan, the Republicans opposed Truman’s plan in the late 1940s.
Truman broke the ground on civil rights, too. When the Republican Congress refused to integrate the U.S. military, Truman did it by executive order.
Perhaps, most importantly, I think Truman saved the United States from a crisis that could have been as impacting as was our Civil War. General Douglas MacArthur was a World War II hero and commanded a lot of attention among GIs. In fact, MacArthur was put forth as a nominee for president in the 1948 election by those who were seeking anyone but Truman.
But MacArthur had an ego that was significantly larger than deserved or appropriate, with the result being that he instigated a constitutional crisis during the Korean War. At the time, MacArthur was much more popular than Truman, which helped lend credence to the crisis.
MacArthur was ordered not to cross the Yalu River. Truman was fearful that doing so would bring Russia into the war and potentially could lead to atomic war. Truman preferred to use a “containment strategy” that would limit the scope of the Korean War. Because MacArthur

########
Rank: 10
Score: 43.71548
Retrieved Text: The Elms Hotel & Spa offers guests upscale guest rooms and suites set amidst sprawling grounds. Recently renovated, all rooms have been updated to include high-end features, such as mosaic tiles and modern fixtures.
Classic Rooms: Well-appointed and features new furnishings. Choose from one king bed, one queen bed or two queen beds, each featuring a signature Elms memory foam mattress.
Superior Rooms: Offers more space, including both a comfortable seating area and serene sleeping area with one queen bed.
All of The Elms’ spacious suites have been restored and are lavishly appointed to transport guests to a time of refined elegance.
Presidential Suites: The most spacious and elegant of The Elms’ suites, Presidential Suites include seating and bedroom areas with a king bed, as well as a luxurious bathtub, mini refrigerator and a sofa bed. The Truman Suite was the room in which Harry S. Truman stayed and listened to election returns on election night in 1948, and awoke as the newly-elected President of the United States after his stunning defeat of Thomas Dewey.
Signature Suites: Spacious rooms including both a seating area and a bedroom area with one king bed, as well as a mini refrigerator and a sofa bed.
Parlor Suites: Two-room suite with a mini refrigerator and sofa bed. Choose from either one king bed or two queen beds.
Royal Experience rooms and suites are located on the private 5th floor. Most guest room and suite types are also available in a Royal version, so if you would prefer the Royal Experience, be sure to select a Royal room

########
Rank: 11
Score: 43.378376
Retrieved Text: John Spencer, the actor who played White House Chief of Staff Leo McGarry in the television series The West Wing, has died of a heart attack, aged 58.
His death comes on the same day that the Chicago Tribune newspaper has published an editorial supporting the election of the fictional Democratic Party candidate, Matt Santos.
Spencer’s character is the vice-presidential running mate to Santos (played by Jimmy Smits) in the current Season 7 of The West Wing, although many Australian fans of the series will be unaware of this because those bastards at Channel 9 stopped showing the program mid-way through Season 5.
Since the current season is only half-completed, Spencer’s death will throw the television show into turmoil. Leo McGarry will be written out and Santos will have to choose a new running mate.
In a curious merging of fantasy and reality, the Chicago Tribune has published a light-hearted editorial endorsing Santos for president. The paper was responding to a comment by John Spencer’s character in an episode which attributed increasing electoral support for Santos to an editorial in the “Trib”.
The Tribune is the paper made famous in 1948 when it incorrectly proclaimed that the Republican Thomas Dewey had defeated the Democrat President Harry Truman.
Text of the editorial from the Chicago Tribune, Friday December 16, 2005.
Over the decades, readers have come to expect consistency from Chicago Tribune endorsements in presidential elections. That has delighted some people and infuriated others. After we backed the re-election of George W. Bush last year, one irate letter writer complained that Mickey Mouse would

########
Rank: 12
Score: 42.89786
Retrieved Text: It’s hard to get too far into reading a newspaper these days without hearing about how nasty the political game has become. At first glance, it’s an easy assertion to buy into: between the government shutdown, Congress’ inability to pass any meaningful legislation, the vitriolic opposition to compromise coming from both sides of the aisle, etc., etc., things do seem to have changed. The media plays a role in selling the idea, too. Magazine covers and op-eds all trumpet the same message: America just doesn’t seem to work any more.
Our collective memory is startlingly short. Anyone who has read a little bit of history knows this. Case in point: David Pietrusza’s 1948: Harry Truman’s Improbable Victory and the Year that Transformed America. At first glance, one would think that this book brings us back to those good ol’ post-war days, when America’s “greatest generation” came together in selfless unity to solve the problems that faced the world’s newest superpower. According to Grandma, ours was a system that provided equitable distribution of the riches of the free market, protected the rights of all citizens, and stood up to the menace of Soviet communism for the benefit of Europe and all peoples everywhere who wanted to be free. Grannie must know because she was there… right?
To put it bluntly, those gilded memories of halcyon days are not only a fantasy, but seriously damaging to our political conversation today. The fact is, this book is a single example among thousands of others that prove the folly of the assumptions

########
Rank: 13
Score: 42.341785
Retrieved Text: Harry S. Truman (1884-1972) was the 33rd president of the United States. He was born in Lamar, Missouri and grew up on a farm near Independence, Missouri. Truman served in World War I and saw action on the battlefield. He married Elizabeth (Bess) Wallace in 1919; they had one daughter, Margaret.
Active in local Democratic politics, he was elected United States senator in 1934 and reelected in 1940. Truman attained national distinction as chairman of a committee investigating government spending during World War II. In 1944, he was nominated for vice president and elected with President Franklin D. Roosevelt.
Roosevelt's death on April 12, 1945, propelled Truman into the presidency at the critical period of the final days of World War II. After the fighting in Europe ended on May 8, Truman sanctioned the use of the atomic bomb against Japan at Hiroshima on August 6 and Nagasaki on August 9. On August 14, Japan surrendered.
Truman's domestic program, fundamentally an extension of President Franklin Roosevelt's “New Deal,” was obstructed by the revitalization of the Republicans, who gained control of Congress in 1946. Escalating frictions with the USSR caused the so-called “Cold War.” President Truman took progressively stringent positions. The Truman Doctrine of 1947 was targeted at shielding Greece and Turkey from Communist control. The Marshall Plan in 1947 was created to achieve the economic recovery of Western Europe. The North Atlantic Treaty Organization of 1949 was a multinational defense strategy.
Harry Truman won an astonishing victory over Thomas E. Dewey in the 1948 presidential election. Foreign affairs also dictated

########
Rank: 14
Score: 42.15485
Retrieved Text: In early 1948, Harry Truman prepared to run for President in his own right. Few people gave him any chance of reaching his goal. The economic difficulties of reconversion and popular perceptions of him as unrefined and blunt had hurt his popularity. His inconsistencies on the Palestine issue contributed to a sense that he wasn't up to his job. The Republican Congress had rejected almost all of his proposals for domestic reform. And it wasn't yet clear that his foreign policy initiatives in Europe would succeed.
To make matters worse, support within his own party was disintegrating. Southern Democrats became enraged when he began supporting civil rights for African Americans. Led by South Carolina governor (and later U.S. Senator) Strom Thurmond, the Southerners broke away and established the States' Rights Party, also known as the "Dixiecrat" faction. Truman was attacked by the left wing of his party because of his policy towards the Soviets, which they regarded as aggressive and provocative. Franklin Roosevelt's former Vice President Henry Wallace and his followers established the Progressive Party.
Down in the polls and under fire within his own party, Truman alone remained confident of his victory. On the morning after the election, Americans rose to news of the most surprising comeback in presidential election history. In Missouri, Truman learned of his victory at 4:00am, when a Secret Service agent woke him. Later that day 40,000 people jammed the town square in Independence to salute their native son.
How did he do it? The election was a cliffhanger; the President won without getting

########
Rank: 15
Score: 41.659046
Retrieved Text: Roger Stone, an informal Trump campaign adviser, is the author of “The Making of the President 2016,” from which this essay is excerpted.
Donald Trump pulled off the greatest upset in American political history with his win over Hillary Clinton. In 2016, Trump repeated President Harry S. Truman’s miracle of 1948—he won the presidency, coming from behind in an election where the polls, the media, and the pundits had declared him out of the race virtually from the moment he declared his candidacy.
What 1948 demonstrated and 2016 confirmed was that victory goes not necessarily to the favorite, but almost certainly to the candidate who proves the most capable of closing.
Borrowing a chapter from the “Give ’Em Hell, Harry” book, Trump took on a work schedule that would kill younger men. He dazzled at five and six stops a day. He slept four hour a night. Truman used a train; Trump used “Hair Force One” — his private plane. I have never seen a better closer.
Truman conducted a “whistle-stop” campaign to overcome the lead of Republican challenger Thomas Dewey. Truman was a sitting president, who as vice president took the oath of office after Franklin D. Roosevelt died on April 12, 1945. But Dewey was an enormously popular candidate, a former New York prosecutor who built his reputation fighting organized crime. This was Dewey’s second run for the presidency, having lost to FDR in 1944 (when Roosevelt won his famous fourth term in office).
Like Hillary Clinton, Dewey was stilted in public — detached, and not natural mingling with

########
Rank: 16
Score: 41.301914
Retrieved Text: The Kiplinger Letter is considered the most widely read business forecasting periodical in the world. Launched in 1923, the Kiplinger Letter rose to prominence, and experienced strong circulation growth, during the Great Depression, when W. M. Kiplinger and his staff had very good contacts within FDR’s “brain trust,” enabling the Letter to give its readers very accurate early warning of key programs in the New Deal that would transform the American economy. While not primarily a political analysis newsletter, The Kiplinger Letter has correctly predicted the outcome of every presidential election since 1924—including exceptionally close races in 1960, 1976 and 2000–with the notable exception of the 1948 contest between incumbent Harry S Truman and GOP challenger Thomas Dewey.
With 89,000 biweekly subscribers, The Tax Letter is the most widely read tax advisory newsletter, with readers at law and accounting firms, corporate CFO and general counsel offices, and the homes of high-net-worth individuals. In four pages each issue, covering both business and personal taxation, the Letter tries to advise its readers on coming changes in tax law and regulations, recent rulings and interpretations by the IRS, Tax Court and states, and strategies for minimizing taxes.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 41.22034
Retrieved Text: My Turn: Victor Davis Hanson: Was Harry Truman the proto-Trump?
When President Harry S. Truman left office in January 1953, most Americans were glad to see him go. Since the introduction of presidential approval ratings, Truman's 32 percent rating was the lowest for any departing president except for that of Richard Nixon, who 21 years later resigned amid the Watergate scandal.
Americans were tired of five consecutive Democratic presidential terms. The Depression and World War II were both over, and people wanted a different sort of leadership that could jump-start the economy.
The outsider Truman had been an accidental president to begin with. When an ailing President Franklin D. Roosevelt ran for an unprecedented fourth term in 1944, worried Democrat insiders panicked. They feared that far-left-wing Vice President Henry Wallace might end up president if Roosevelt died in office.
Party pros replaced Wallace with the obscure Truman, a Missouri senator. They assumed that if worse came to worse, the non-entity Truman would be a token caretaker president.
Earlier, Truman had been immersed in scandal, owing to his ties to corrupt Kansas City political boss Tom Pendergast.
When Truman took office after Roosevelt's death in April 1945, he knew relatively nothing about the grand strategy of World War II. No one had told him anything about the ongoing atomic bomb project.
But for the next seven-plus years, Truman shocked the country.
Over the objections of many in his Cabinet, he ordered the dropping of two atomic bombs on Japan.
Over the objections of most of the State Department, he recognized the new state of Israel.
Over the

########
Rank: 18
Score: 39.241707
Retrieved Text: With Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker poised to run for the Republican presidential nomination next year, and performing well in early polls, one aspect of his resume is drawing closer attention: his lack of a college degree.
As we first wrote back in May 2014, the last person to win the White House without having a college degree was Harry Truman, who studied briefly at a local business college and a law school but didn’t graduate from either. Of course, Truman was the incumbent in 1948 when he beat University of Michigan and Columbia Law grad Thomas Dewey, having succeeded Harvard man Franklin Roosevelt more than three years earlier.
Barry Goldwater in 1964 was the most recent major-party nominee to have not graduated from college: He attended the University of Arizona for one year before leaving in 1929 to work in his family’s department-store business. Al Smith, the unsuccessful Democratic nominee in 1928, was the last major-party nominee to never attend college at all (or high school, for that matter).
But since the election of George H.W. Bush (Yale ’48) in 1988, every president has had an undergraduate or graduate degree, or both, from an Ivy League school. The 2012 election, in fact, was an all-Harvard affair, pitting Barack Obama (J.D., class of 1991, following his bachelor’s degree from Columbia) against Mitt Romney (J.D./MBA, class of 1975, with his bachelor’s from Brigham Young University).
For much of this country’s history, it wasn’t unusual for presidents and presidential candidates to have not attended college. College, after all, was largely a preserve of

########
Rank: 19
Score: 38.8736
Retrieved Text: About the campaign President Harry S Truman waged against Thomas Dewey in his bid for reelection in 1948.
Election: For the 2nd time, the Republicans nominated Gov. Thomas E. Dewey of New York. As his running mate, they chose Earl Warren, the popular and progressive governor of California. Though Dewey's slick appearance counted against him in some quarters ("How," asked Alice Roosevelt Longworth, "can you vote for a man who looks like the bridegroom on a wedding cake?"), the divisions in the Democratic party and the obvious conservative trend of the electorate seemed to assure his victory. Rather than jeopardize a "sure thing" with an issues-oriented campaign, Dewey decided to concentrate on windy platitudes about "national unity," and his speeches bored both the press and the public. Aboard his train, the "Victory Special," Dewey spent most of his time trying to look like a statesman, while his well-financed campaign rolled at a smooth and leisurely pace toward November.
"That notorious do-nothing Republican 80th Congress has stuck a pitchfork in the farmer's back.... These Republican gluttons of privilege want a return of the Wall Street dictatorship. Your typical Republican reactionary is a very shrewd man with a calculating machine where his heart ought to be... The Republicans tell me they stand for unity. As Al Smith used to say, "That's a lot of hooey,' And if that rhymes with anything, it's not my fault..."
As Truman "poured it on," he was often interrupted by shouts of "Give 'em hell, Harry!" The reporters who traveled with the President noted the large

########
Rank: 20
Score: 38.667484
Retrieved Text: The Briscoe Center recently acquired a 1948 letter from President Harry Truman to former vice president John Nance Garner. It was written in September while Truman was campaigning for a second term in the White House. With the economy in trouble and the Democrats openly split between progressives, “dixiecrats,” and moderates, Truman was widely expected to lose to Republican candidate Thomas E. Dewey.
Buoyed and buttressed, Truman promised to return to Uvalde within 10 years. And despite the fact that the election was a cliffhanger in terms of the popular vote, Truman ended up winning the electoral college with ease. The unlikely victory, one of the greatest electoral upsets in American history, was due in a large part to Truman’s tireless campaigning. However, Garner’s endorsement was significant, giving Truman credence in Southern and conservative circles.
Upon the conclusion of his second term in 1952, Truman retired, but in 1958 he fulfilled his promise to Garner, showing up at his 90th birthday party. Rayburn was there too, as was future Texas governor Dolph Briscoe and future president Lyndon Johnson. During the celebration, Truman called Garner “the greatest presiding officer that the Senate ever had.” It was a fine compliment, but also a not-so-subtle salvo at the current vice president, Richard Nixon. To make sure everyone understood, Truman added “unlike that squirrel head we have now,” which brought a guffaw from Garner. For the sake of the reporters within earshot, Truman added, “I’m talking about Mr. Nixon if you’re wondering.” The dig was widely publicized.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 38.606415
Retrieved Text: Harry S. Truman reportedly had conferred with FDR only twice before inheriting the presidency. The native of Independence, Mo., was a man of strongly - defined character and moral conviction. The thick glassed he wore as a child kept him from taking part in the standard games, but they gave him the gift of time, which he used to absorb volumes of military chronicles.
He fought France in World War I, and his first elected position upon returning home was that of county judge. Elected to the U.S. Senate, he grabbed national attention when he chaired a committee looking into mismanagement of the defense industry and was nominated to FDR's ticket in 1944.
It was Truman who made the agonizing decision to drop the atomic bomb on Hiroshima and Nagasaki, bringing World War ll to a horrific close. He then fought hard for the Truman Doctrine, which made the case for communist containment.
As the election of 1948 drew near, his call to civil rights served only to fragment the Democrats, but after a countryside whistlestop tour, he defeated New York governor Thomas E. Dewey in one of the great political upsets of the American century.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 38.530334
Retrieved Text: Will Trump pull a Harry Truman. To the political hacks they well be advised to check their HISTORY BOOKS. Some 60 years ago the pundits went to bed thinking that Harry Truman was soundly defeated in the 1948 presidential race. The press had Truman dead and buried going into the election, but they ended up with egg on their face the next morning; Truman pulled victory from defeat in what was called a miraculous upset.
IN RUSSIA, the old saying goes, “THE FINAL SCORE IS KNOWN, THE GAME WILL BE PLAYED TOMORROW.” We are not to sure about that. Don’t forget that the lame stream media wants you to believe the stories they promote are to be taken as truth, questioning is not allowed. However, this time a November surprise awaits.
Donald Trump is seen as a threat to the NEW WORLD ORDER, the Illuminati are throwing everything at him, including the kitchen sink. Viewing the old world from across the pond we get a taste of the pushback by EU states such as Hungry and Poland, while in the mean time we passionately watch the elections in the Netherlands play out over the next year. Go Dutch!
So it is important to see Trump’s threat to the New World Order; for instance his views on the United Nations and Nato fly in the face to those of Obama, Clinton and Kerry. What comes clearly into view is the pushback against a world without borders; NATIONALISM HAS ROARED ITS HEAD as citizens have seen the future and don’t like

########
Rank: 23
Score: 38.12905
Retrieved Text: It was an election year. New York Governor Thomas Dewey was expected to soundly beat President Harry Truman.
Iowa was chosen to host the 1948 National Plowing Match, giving the little town of Dexter nine months to get ready for it. They decided to invite Gov. Dewey to be their main speaker.
So, they sent a delegation to ask the president if he’d consider coming. He eventually decided to make it a “whistle stop,” among others, stopping in several towns to speak along the Rock Island train route.
The train arrived at the Dexter station about 11 a.m. September 19. The Dexter band, led by drum major Thelma Blohm, played “The Iowa Corn Song” for the president, followed by “The Missouri Waltz,” since Truman was from Missouri. President Truman, his wife Bess, daughter Margaret, and other dignitaries, including plowing match princesses, rode in a dozen convertibles followed by the Dexter band, with the Iowa Highway Patrol last.
Dexter’s streets had been scrubbed, and the main street lined with flags and banners. Even the store owners decorated their windows to welcome the president.
The parade went north on Marshall Street to the highway, west to the Drews Chocolates corner, then north a mile and a half to the Weesner farm, where the contests and conservation and other demonstrations were underway. Cars (including our gray 1939 Chevy with a city horn and a louder country horn) lined the roads and driveways. The president was met by ten acres of humanity, estimated at 750,000 to 100,000 people.
The platform awaiting the dignitaries had been built

########
Rank: 24
Score: 37.472424
Retrieved Text: A New Mexico paper has declared Obama the winner.
SANTA FE, New Mexico (CNN) – For The New Mexico Sun News it is either a major scoop or “Dewey Beats Truman” déjà vu 60 years later.
And they wonder why readership is down to the lowest levels in history. Liberal paper editors and supposedly unbiased journalists with outright biased reporting without any relevant facts.
I hope the socialist taxes the hell out of this paper and all its union members remeber this day in particular when they are out on their tails with no job.
282 Obama to 256 McCain. Mark my word. No landslide but enough.
Don't let the Republicans steal this one.
Get out there and VOTE IN OVERWHELMING, UNQUESTIONABLE NUMBERS!!!
Are you blaming the Democrats? Probably. Your party lost it's way and has shamed this country and you want another Republican in office? NOT THIS TIME!!!.
No!!!! This was an extremely poor choice in judgment. If this paper truly supports Obama they should've known this could possibly jeopardize his chances. Listen, everyone, no matter who you support...go out and vote! That is all that matters right now.
Too bad that they could not wait. Now Obama will be blamed and McCain will probably say that Obama owns the paper.
"Dewey Wins" was the headline in 1948, held up by the real winner Harry Truman. The more things change, the more they remain the same.
It ain't over till it's over. VOTE! Obama/Biden '08.
Spit over your shoulder and get out to vote obama!!
The difference is that Dewey lost to Truman. I'm pretty sure the Sun

########
Rank: 25
Score: 36.909233
Retrieved Text: Huge crowds attend an open air speech by Michael Collins.
Item title reads: "Free State Campaign Opens. Wonderful enthusiasm of the huge crowd assembled in the shadow of the old Houses of Parliament as they listen to the great speech on behalf of the Treaty by Mr Michael Collins."
M/S of large crowd. Hats are waved with great enthusiasm. C/U of Michael Collins making a speech - same footage as in G 857 - Fighting Speech. M/S of crowds being held back. High angle shot of large crowd listening to speakers, many have umbrellas keeping the rain off. High angle of dais upon which Michael Collins is making his speech. Camera pans across crowds.
This seems to be a longer version of "Fighting Speech" piece.
Note: This story has been allocated to issue G 857 at some point but was not on the original issue sheet. May belong to another issue.
Famous footage of Michael Collins making a speech to huge crowds.
Republican presidential candidate, Governor Dewey campaigning in California.
American election campaign - Truman, Dewey & Warren.
Various shots of Senator George McGovern on the campaign trail.
President Woodrow Wilson speaks to audience and is driven past crowds in street.
Good footage of President Roosevelt campaigning for re-election in New York.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 36.847054
Retrieved Text: A committee organized by isolationists before WWII, who wished to spare American lives. They wanted to protect America before we went to war in another country. Charles A. Lindbergh (the aviator) was its most effective speaker.
Passed in 1941 by sweeping majorities in both houses of Congress. This law said US would lend or lease weapons to overseas countries and victims of aggression who would in turn finish the job of the fighting, and keep the war overseas from U.S.
This was created by Winston Churchill and President Franklin D. Roosevelt in a secret conference. It outlined the hopes of the democracies and their intentions for improvements after World War II.
The Nye Committee investigated arms manufacturers and bankers of World War I. Claimed they had caused America's entry into WWI. Public opinion pushed Congress to pass the Neutrality Acts to keep us out of WWII.
When president proclaimed existence of a foreign war certain restrictions would automatically go into effect. No American could legally sail on a belligerent ship, sell or transport munitions to a belligerent nation, make loans to a belligerent.
This pact was signed by Hitler and Stalin on August 23, 1939. It allowed Hitler to attack Poland without fear of an attack from Russia. This pact helped spur the start of World War II.
Only way that Europe could buy American war materials in World War II. They would have to transport the munitions in their own ships and they could only purchase the munitions with cash.
In WWII Hitler removed his forces from Poland to focus on France

########
Rank: 27
Score: 36.36381
Retrieved Text: Let me begin with the number one priority of everyone in Boulder County, of any political party, the central focus of all our attention: health, exercise, and nutrition. What was President Truman's nutrition and exercise routine, which helped ensure that even though he was in his sixties when he became President, he never lacked the mental and physical stamina for the job? His exercise routine was to start each day by drinking a shot of bourbon, and then walking two miles, in military time at 15 minutes per mile.
Walking at the military cadence came naturally to Truman.
Unlike George Bush, Harry Truman volunteered for two terms as a member of Missouri National Guard. Not only that, he performed all of his National Guard service during the time when he was supposed to.
Unlike George Bush, as young man, Harry Truman devoured history books. He carefully studied the lives of great Democrat Presidents such as Thomas Jefferson, Andrew Jackson, James K. Polk, and Grover Cleveland. He recalled, "In reading the lives of great men, I found that the first victory they won was over themselves... self-discipline with all of them came first."
When the United States entered World War One in 1917, Harry Truman, age 33, was beyond the age of being eligible for the draft. Yet he volunteered for the U.S. Army. He took command of an artillery company filled with what he called "wild Irishmen." The company had driven off four previous commanders, and greeted their new captain with a Bronx cheer.
Yet Truman's combination of firmness, fairness, and

########
Rank: 28
Score: 35.329456
Retrieved Text: Celebrate early voting with a superhero themed family voting party and parade!
Your child can vote in their Halloween costume! Cool right?
Election Day is less than 2 weeks away. Millions of American adults will enter voting booths and cast their votes for the next president of the United States. Most adults may have to wait until November 8 to choose, but Charlotte area children don’t. They can make their voices heard this Saturday at the Family Early Voting Party and Parade To The Poles!
The Queen City-honored mock election is for kids too young to go to the official booths. By casting their votes kids can have their say about who should be our next president.
Their votes may not be official, but the results are often very telling. In other polls the results of the kids’ election have mirrored the national outcome all but two times: In 1948, more kids voted for Thomas E. Dewey than for Harry S. Truman, and in 1960, they selected Richard M. Nixon over John F. Kennedy.
You can use our facebook page to see what is going on in the city during the 2016 election before casting your vote.
All are welcome . Even if the parent has voted, not eligible to vote or still on the fence regarding voting. Our future voters, your kids are welcome!
Equal Pay: Put Some Respect On My Check!

########
Rank: 29
Score: 35.1659
Retrieved Text: After a long period of reading fiction, I felt it was time for a good biography. I had no idea just whose biography I wanted to read although I had given considerable thought to reading the recent Steve Jobs book by Walter Isaacson which was drawing its share of praise. It was time for my research.
I googled “best biography I ever read” and spent over an hour reading reviews on a multitude of biographies. It appeared the consensus winner was going to be John Adams by David McCullough when suddenly I began to read a lot of comments saying “if you think the John Adams book was great you have to read his biography of Truman”. One after another came rave reviews of “Truman”. My decision was made, Harry Truman had never been someone who I had thought much about but I determined now to get to know him better. I purchased the book for my phone.
One thousand, one hundred and twenty (1,120) pages later, upon the death of our 33rd President, I felt like I had just lost a good friend. David McCullough brings Harry Truman to life through extensive research and a writing style that is crisp, clean and easy to read. McCullough makes page-turners out of biographies.
The biggest thing I got out of reading this book was how little I knew about Harry Truman from his meager beginnings as a Missouri farm boy to just how many awesome accomplishments he was able to complete during his life and presidency. He was a simple

================



======= Instance Index 469 =========
Input Text: The word "muscle" has multiple meanings. Does it have the same meaning in sentences 1 and 2? Yes or no?

Sentence 1: The senators used their muscle to get the party leader to resign.
Sentence 2: Muscle consists largely of actin and myosin filaments.

Target Text: No

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 62.4571
Retrieved Text: Muscle is made up of thousands of muscle fibers, each composed of a single muscle cell. As shown in Figure 27-2, a muscle cell contains a series of ultramicroscopic filaments called myofibrils. Each myofibril is a muscle cell that contains units called sarcomeres. Sarcomeres contain thick microfilaments composed of the protein myosin. Sarcomeres also contain thin microfilaments composed of the protein actin. The actin and myosin filaments are arranged parallel to one another, with the myosin filaments’ molecular “heads” protruding toward the actin filaments. In skeletal muscle, the overlapping actin and myosin filaments give the muscle fiber a banded, or striated, appearance. Hence, the muscle is striated muscle.
Figure 27-2 Anatomical structure of the muscle.
When a nerve impulse arrives at the muscle cells, it passes across the neuromuscular junction and enters the muscle cell membrane, which is known as the sarcolemma. The impulse spreads across the muscle cell and enters its cytoplasm, which is called sarcoplasm. The nerve impulse causes the actin filaments to slide across the surface of the myosin filaments. The sliding filaments pull together the ends of the muscle cell, thereby causing it to contract. The sliding filaments require that calcium ions and energy in the form of ATP be available. Two proteins called tropomyosin and troponin also function in the contraction. Cross-bridges hold the filaments together as the muscle contracts.
After the muscle contraction has taken place, the energy to sustain the contraction is used up, and the cross-bridges break. The filaments then slide back to their original position, and the muscle cell relaxes.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 61.32253
Retrieved Text: Let's begin now. This part has a lot of biology, but like the biology of biophysics in general, it's quite interesting. You won't be taught systematic or morphology or anything that actually doesn't have a link to some physical mechanism. So the biology here is not "pure biology" just for knowledge, which is really a relief for people like me.
Ok, now let's see what we've got. Try to use your imagination as some mechanisms need you to picture what happens in the three dimensions... Whatever let's begin.
Internal connective sheath separating large portions of muscle tissue.
Internal connective sheath separating individual groups of muscle cells.
Connective tissues connecting muscles to bones.
Group of muscle fibers enclosed by perimysium and subdivided by endomysium.
Multinucleate syncytium resulting from the fusion of many embryonic muscle cells (myoblasts).
1)	Sarcolemma: plasma membrane of the muscle cell. It conducts action potential (AP). Motor endplates and many openings to the T-tubules are found on the sarcolemma.
2)	T-tubules (transverse tubules): system of tubules continuous with both sarcolemma and sarcoplasmic reticulum. They pass from one side of the cell to another and are filled with extracellular fluid.
3)	Sarcoplasmic reticulum (SR): the internal membrane system of the cell. It is connected to the T-tubules. When AP moves along the sarcolemma, it enters the T-tubules and sets off a general depolarization of SR.
4)	T-system: SR that is associated with the T-tubules.
o	Ca2　ATPase (a Ca2　pump).
o	Voltage dependent Ca2　channels that can release Ca2　back into the sarcoplasm when the SR is depolarized.
Myofibrils: bundles of 4 types of proteins. They produce the contractile force. There are 2 types: thick myofibrils and thin

########
Rank: 2
Score: 58.7893
Retrieved Text: Muscle cells are specialized for contraction. Muscles allow for motions such as walking, and they also facilitate bodily processes such as respiration and digestion. The body contains three types of muscle tissue: skeletal muscle, cardiac muscle, and smooth muscle (Figure 19.33).
Skeletal muscle tissue forms skeletal muscles, which attach to bones or skin and control locomotion and any movement that can be consciously controlled. Because it can be controlled by thought, skeletal muscle is also called voluntary muscle. Skeletal muscles are long and cylindrical in appearance; when viewed under a microscope, skeletal muscle tissue has a striped or striated appearance. The striations are caused by the regular arrangement of contractile proteins (actin and myosin). Actin is a globular contractile protein that interacts with myosin for muscle contraction. Skeletal muscle also has multiple nuclei present in a single cell.
Smooth muscle tissue occurs in the walls of hollow organs such as the intestines, stomach, and urinary bladder, and around passages such as the respiratory tract and blood vessels. Smooth muscle has no striations, is not under voluntary control, has only one nucleus per cell, is tapered at both ends, and is called involuntary muscle.
Cardiac muscle tissue is only found in the heart, and cardiac contractions pump blood throughout the body and maintain blood pressure. Like skeletal muscle, cardiac muscle is striated, but unlike skeletal muscle, cardiac muscle cannot be consciously controlled and is called involuntary muscle. It has one nucleus per cell, is branched, and is distinguished by the presence of intercalated disks.
Figure 19.34. A skeletal muscle cell is

########
Rank: 3
Score: 57.008934
Retrieved Text: Cardiac muscle mass features a exclusive trait which is the power to contact and chill out while not stressed activation (myogenic). The contractions are robust and implement stored energy; they may be ongoing and therefore are initiated by built in body system components.purchase essays online Cardiac fibers are lengthy, cylindrical microscopic cells. The sarcomere which is the contractile model from the myocardial tissue incorporate myosin, troponin, tropomysin and actin filaments. Shortening with the sarcomeres results in contraction with the cardiac materials. Intercalated discs keep adjoining cardiac fabric together, anchor contractile meats and include the space stations which permit pass on of motion possibilities amongst tissues leading to contraction of adjacent fabric virtually simultaneous. There are lots of mitochondria for the cardiac cellular material to synthesis the necessary electricity. The sarcoplasmic reticulum of the cardiac muscle mobile retailers and secretes calcium ions for contraction. Contraction takes place using the excitation -contraction coupling using the calcium supplements -induced calcium release method. The slipping filament model shows the contraction with the cardiac muscle. Peace is the method through which the muscles with the heart and soul get back to the first posture after contraction.
Contraction consists of a healthy relationship among calcium ions, mobile travel techniques of calcium, contractile healthy proteins and the substantial strength phosphates. The cardiac lean muscle tissue undertake coordinated contractions governed because of the intercalated discs which distribute the motion possibilities. The excitation -contraction coupling is really a phenomena that changes an electrical stimulus (measures prospective) to a mechanised result (contraction). Inside the center muscles, excitation

########
Rank: 4
Score: 56.705566
Retrieved Text: Q.3:- Describe the important steps in muscle contraction.
Muscle contraction is initiated by a signal sent by the central nervous system (CNS) via a motor neuron. A motor neuron alongwith the muscle fibres connected to it constitute a motor unit. The junction between a motor neuron and the sarcolemma of the muscle fibre is called the neuromuscular junction or motor-end plate. A neural signal reaching this junction releases a neurotransmitter (Acetyl choline) which generates an action potential in the sarcolemma. This spreads through the muscle fibre and causes the release of calcium ions into the sarcoplasm. Increase in Ca++ level leads to the binding of calcium with a subunit of troponin on actin filaments and thereby remove the masking of active sites for myosin.
Utilising the energy from ATP hydrolysis, the myosin head now binds to the exposed active sites on actin to form a cross bridge. This pulls the attached actin filaments towards the centre of ‘A’ band. The ‘Z’ line attached to these actins are also pulled inwards thereby causing a shortening of the sarcomere, i.e., contraction. It is clear from the above steps, that during shortening of the muscle, i.e., contraction, the ‘I’ bands get reduced, whereas the ‘A’ bands retain the length. The myosin, releasing the ADP and P1 goes back to its relaxed state. A new ATP binds and the cross-bridge is broken. The ATP is again hydrolysed by the myosin head and the cycle of cross bridge formation and breakage is repeated causing further sliding. The process continues till the Ca++ ions

########
Rank: 5
Score: 56.286514
Retrieved Text: The Irving group aims to elucidate molecular mechanisms of contraction and its regulation in skeletal and cardiac muscle. Both types of muscle generate force and shortening by the relative sliding between the myosin-containing thick filaments and the actin-containing thin filaments. In vitro structural studies led to a model in which filament sliding is driven by tilting of the light-chain domain of myosin in a ‘working stroke’. We developed novel X-ray and fluorescence techniques (see methods and protocols) and used them to test this model in isolated skeletal muscle cells. We measured the size and speed of the working stroke and the force per myosin, and showed that these molecular parameters provided a quantitative explanation of muscle function at the cellular level.
Contraction of an individual muscle cell is switched on by an electrical signal in its motor nerve, which triggers the release of calcium ions in the muscle cell. These calcium ions bind to the thin filament regulatory protein troponin, causing a structural change in the thin filaments that allows the myosin motors to bind to them. We have characterized the changes in troponin structure associated with calcium signaling, and correlated these changes with the mechanical response to the calcium transient. We extended these studies to describe the mechanism of action of drugs that bind to troponin that are used to treat heart disease, and troponin mutations associated with hypertrophic cardiomyopathy.
Recently the focus of our work on muscle regulation has switched to the less well-understood mechanisms involving thick filament proteins. We characterized an OFF state of the

########
Rank: 6
Score: 54.929386
Retrieved Text: J Physiol. 2019 Apr 4.
The R249Q hypertrophic cardiomyopathy myosin mutation decreases contractility in Drosophila by impeding force production.
Bell KM, Kronert WA, Huang A1, Bernstein SI, Swank DM.
Hypertrophic cardiomyopathy (HCM) is a genetic disease that causes thickening of the heart's ventricular walls and is a leading cause of sudden cardiac death. HCM is caused by missense mutations in muscle proteins including myosin, but how these mutations alter muscle mechanical performance in largely unknown. We investigated the disease mechanism for HCM myosin mutation R249Q by expressing it in the indirect flight muscle of Drosophila melanogaster and measuring alterations to muscle and flight performance. Muscle mechanical analysis revealed R249Q decreased muscle power production due to slower muscle kinetics and decreased force production; force production was reduced because fewer mutant myosin cross-bridges were bound simultaneously to actin. This work does not support the commonly proposed hypothesis that myosin HCM mutations increase muscle contractility, or causes a gain in function; instead, it suggests that for some myosin HCM mutations, hypertrophy is a compensation for decreased contractility.
Hypertrophic cardiomyopathy (HCM) is an inherited disease that causes thickening of the heart's ventricular walls. A generally accepted hypothesis for this phenotype is that myosin heavy chain HCM mutations increase muscle contractility. To test this hypothesis, we expressed an HCM myosin mutation, R249Q, in Drosophila indirect flight muscle (IFM) and assessed myofibril structure, skinned fibre mechanical properties, and flight ability. Mechanics experiments were performed on fibres dissected from 2-h-old adult flies, prior to degradation of IFM myofilament structure, which started at 2 days old and increased

########
Rank: 7
Score: 54.24475
Retrieved Text: Animal tissues. Muscle. Atlas of Plant and Animal Histology.
Muscle tissue drives the body and organs movement. Muscle cells are known as myocytes or muscle fibers. They have the ability to decrease their length, which in turn produces muscle contraction. The contractile capacity depends on the association of actin filaments and myosin II motor protein filaments in the cytoplasm.
Muscle cells are divided into three types: skeletal, smooth and cardiac. Skeletal muscle cells are very long cells that show dark striations, which are perpendicular to the cell longitudinal axis when observed at light microscopy, hence they are also referred as striated skeletal muscle cells. Although cardiac muscle cells, or cardiomyocytes, also show striations, they are regarded as semi-striated. These dark transverse lines do not appear in smooth muscle cells.
Striated skeletal muscle cells of the upper part of the mouse esophagus.
Striated skeletal muscle is also referred as voluntary because it is responsible for conscious or voluntary movements. It is innervated by nerve fibers coming from the central nervous system. Striated skeletal muscle is usually attached to bones through tendons, but not always, like the muscles of the eye, upper esophagus and tongue.
Skeletal muscles is made up of striated muscle cells, also known as muscle fibers or myocytes, as well as connective tissue, nerves and blood vessels. Striated skeletal muscle cells join together to form muscle fascicles, and muscle fascicles form the skeletal muscle, main responsible for the movements of the animals. Muscle cells are wrapped by a special extracellular matrix known as basal lamina, plus reticular and collagen fibers

########
Rank: 8
Score: 54.229008
Retrieved Text: Bones are classified by their shape. Four types of bones are long, short, flat, and irregular.
Muscles can be classified by the type of muscle tissue they are composed of. The three types of tissue are skeletal, smooth, and cardiac.
Long cells (fibers), striated, multi-nucleated. Voluntary motor control. Used to move the skeleton and maintain posture.
Spindle-shaped cells, non-striated, uni-nucleated. Invountary motor control. Found in walls of hollow organs (blood vessels, viscera) to move fluids.
Tubular, branched, striated, uni-nucleated. Invountary motor control. Found in walls of the heart to cause contraction.
Skeletal Muscle is composed of many layers of fibers. At the smallest level, a muscle cell (fiber) is composed of bundles of the protein filaments, actin and myosin. These bundles of filaments are called myofibrils. Several myofibrils are bundled together to form a single muscle cell, also called a muscle fiber. The fiber is covered by a specialized endoplasmic reticulum, called the sarcoplasmic reticulum, which releases Calcuium ions during contraction. The fiber is suurounded by a plasma membrane, called the sarcolemma. Each muscle fiber is surrounded by a layer of connective tissue called the endomysium.
A bundle of muscle fibers is called a fascicle. Each fascicle is surrounded by a layer of connective tissue called the perimysium. A muscle is made up of many fascicles, which are all surrounded by a layer of connective tissue called the epimysium. The epimysium thickens to form a tendon as it connects the muscle to a bone.
During the contraction of skeletal muscle, an electric action potential causes calcium to be released from the sarcoplasmic reticulum,

########
Rank: 9
Score: 53.670357
Retrieved Text: Health Tips WHY IS PROTEIN IMPORTANT TO YOUR DIET?
Bodybuilders, fitness enthusiasts, people fighting disease, and just the average Joe all require protein daily for normal body function. Proteins are composed of amino acids whether they come from a powder or a whole food, and once they are in the body, the body will utilize them the same way. The nutritional benefits of protein are essential for life, growth and repair. The recommended daily allowance of protein for adults is 0.8 to 1.7g per kg of body weight, depending on activity level.
Most every cell and structure of the body is composed of in part by protein. Proteins are referred to as the building blocks of the body. For example, the protein collagen forms the matrix for bones, provides the tissue for tendons and ligaments, and strengthens artery walls.
Muscle cells must synthesize protein from amino acids provided by dietary protein to grow bigger (hypertrophy) and stronger. The muscle proteins formed are called actin and myosin. According to the sliding filament theory, actin and myosin are protein filaments that work in synergy to produce force from muscle. According to "Essentials of Strength Training and Conditioning" by Thomas Baechle and Roger Earle, an increase in the number of these filaments is due to an increase in strength training and adequate protein intake.
Cell turnover is a daily process for the body. Cells are largely composed of proteins. Cells from the skin, hair, fingernails and the digestive tract die and slough off daily. Cells made mainly by or from protein replace the

########
Rank: 10
Score: 52.28978
Retrieved Text: Actomyosin refers to the actin-myosin complex that forms within the cytoskeleton. Actomyosin is inherently contractile, with the myosin motor protein able to pull on actin filaments. This property gives rise to contractile fibers that form the basis of skeletal muscle, and even in non-muscle cells, enable cell motility and force generation at the sub-cellular level.
Actin filament networks, both within filopodia and lamellipodia, are highly dynamic structures. This characteristic is exemplified in the retrograde motion that is intrinsic to the ‘treadmilling’ mechanism of filament formation. Further to this motion, a number of cellular processes such as filopodial retraction and lamellipodial/lamellal contractions, rely on the rearward movement of the whole filament network or large filament bundles. The retrograde motion of actin treadmilling may play a minor role in aiding these processes, however additional factors are required.
One class of proteins that has been implicated in the translocation of F-actin is the myosin motor protein family. It remains unclear which isoforms contribute to this process in specific situations and to what extent . Each member of the myosin family possesses unique structural and functional properties, such as their step size, that determines their ability to engage in F-actin translocation . It has been shown that myosins in general are required for this process to facilitate filopodial retraction .
Myosin II specifically, has been associated with F-actin retraction in several cell types including neurons , fibroblasts  and keratocytes , with particular emphasis on its role in the lamella and lamellipodia. Initially Myosin II was believed to influence F-actin dynamics and motility

########
Rank: 11
Score: 51.341843
Retrieved Text: What are microfilaments and protofilaments? What is the difference between them?
I know that if the plus end of F actin has a higher critical concentration than the minus end, then polymerization is favored. Also, if the minus end of F actin has a higher critical concentration than the plus end, then DEpolymerization is favored. However, which situation is favored over the other? Polymerization?
In the rigor mortis conformation, there is firm attachment of myosin to the actin filament, and there is no ATP attached to the myosin. Is there ADP on the actin filament, as we discussed on Friday's lecture?
When the myosin head rebinds to a new position on the actin filament (a weak interaction), does it causes a release of both Pi and ADP?
In cell crawling, in the myosin-actin complex, is it the myosin or the actin filaments that move? In cytokinesis, in the myosin-actin complex, is it the myosin or the actin filaments that move? i'm guessing it's the myosin that moves.
Which organelles can move by themselves, and which need to be moved along by actin-myosin interactions?
If it's true that when the end of the F actin is above critical concentration, then polymerization is favored and when it is below critical concentration, then depolymerization is favored. Then why does it say in the Cooper book that "the critical concentration of actin monomers is higher for addition to the pointed(-) end thanto the barbed (+) end of actin filaments" thus making this homework question true: Correct: The minus end of F actin has a higher critical

########
Rank: 12
Score: 50.95576
Retrieved Text: and, if the threshold potential is reached, an action potential occurs, an impulse travels along the muscle cell membrane, and the muscle contracts.
Some muscles (skeletal muscles) will not contract unless stimulated by neurons; other muscles (smooth & cardiac) will contract without nervous stimulation but their contraction can be influenced by the nervous system. Thus, the nervous and muscle systems are closely interconnected. Let's now focus on muscle - what is its structure & how does it work.
Highly magnified view of a neuromuscular junction (Hirsch 2007).
Skeletal muscles are usually attached to bone by tendons composed of connective tissue. This connective tissue also ensheaths the entire muscle & is called epimysium. Skeletal muscles consist of numerous subunits or bundles called fasicles (or fascicles). Fascicles are also surrounded by connective tissue (called the perimysium) and each fascicle is composed of numerous muscle fibers (or muscle cells). Muscle cells, ensheathed by endomysium, consist of many fibrils (or myofibrils), and these myofibrils are made up of long protein molecules called myofilaments. There are two types of myofilaments in myofibrils: thick myofilaments and thin myofilaments.
Skeletal muscles vary considerably in size, shape, and arrangement of fibers. They range from extremely tiny strands such as the stapedium muscle of the middle ear to large masses such as the muscles of the thigh. Skeletal muscles may be made up of hundreds, or even thousands, of muscle fibers bundled together and wrapped in a connective tissue covering. Each muscle is surrounded by a connective tissue sheath called the epimysium. Fascia, connective tissue outside the epimysium, surrounds

########
Rank: 13
Score: 50.660435
Retrieved Text: 1Department of Biochemistry, Stanford University School of Medicine, Stanford, CA 94305, USA.
2School of Biosciences, University of Kent, Canterbury CT2 7NJ, UK.
3Department of Molecular, Cellular and Developmental Biology, BioFrontiers Institute, University of Colorado, Boulder, CO 80309, USA.
4Department of Pediatrics (Cardiology), Stanford University School of Medicine, Stanford, CA 94305, USA.
School of Biosciences, University of Kent, Canterbury CT2 7NJ, UK.
Department of Molecular, Cellular and Developmental Biology, BioFrontiers Institute, University of Colorado, Boulder, CO 80309, USA.
Department of Biochemistry, Stanford University School of Medicine, Stanford, CA 94305, USA.Department of Pediatrics (Cardiology), Stanford University School of Medicine, Stanford, CA 94305, USA.
Hypertrophic cardiomyopathy (HCM) is the most frequently occurring inherited cardiovascular disease. It is caused by mutations in genes encoding the force-generating machinery of the cardiac sarcomere, including human β-cardiac myosin. We present a detailed characterization of the most debated HCM-causing mutation in human β-cardiac myosin, R403Q. Despite numerous studies, most performed with nonhuman or noncardiac myosin, there is no consensus about the mechanism of action of this mutation on the function of the enzyme. We use recombinant human β-cardiac myosin and new methodologies to characterize in vitro contractility parameters of the R403Q myosin compared to wild type. We extend our studies beyond pure actin filaments to include the interaction of myosin with regulated actin filaments containing tropomyosin and troponin. We find that, with pure actin, the intrinsic force generated by R403Q is ~15% lower than that generated by wild type. The unloaded velocity is, however, ~10% higher for R403Q myosin, resulting in a load-dependent velocity curve that has the characteristics of lower

########
Rank: 14
Score: 50.615017
Retrieved Text: Cells of the human body exhibit three main types of movements, namely, amoeboid, ciliary and muscular.
Amoeboid Movement: Some specialised cells in our body exhibit amoeboid movement, e.g. macrophages and leucocytes. Amoeboid movement is facilitated by pseudopodia formed by the streaming of protoplasm (as in Amoeba). Cytoskeletal elements are also involved in amoeboid movement.
Ciliary Movement: Ciliary movement occurs in most of our internal tubular organs which are lined by ciliated epithelium. The coordinated movements of cilia in the trachea help us in removing dust particles and some of the foreign substances inhaled along with the atmospheric air. Passage of ova through the female reproductive tract is also facilitated by the ciliary movement.
Muscular Movement: Movement of our limbs, jaws, tongue, etc, requires muscular movement. The contractile property of muscles is effectively used for locomotion and other movements by human beings and majority of multicellular organisms. Locomotion requires a perfect coordinated activity of muscular, skeletal and neural systems.
Skeletal Muscles: Skeletal muscles are closely associated with the skeletal components of the body. They have a striped appearance under the microscope and hence are called striated muscles. As their activities are under the voluntary control of the nervous system, they are also known as voluntary muscles. They are primarily involved in locomotory actions and changes of body postures.
Visceral Muscles: Visceral muscles are located in the inner walls of hollow visceral organs of the body like the alimentary canal, reproductive tract, etc. They do not exhibit striation and are smooth in appearance. Hence, they are called smooth muscles (nonstriated muscle). Their activities

########
Rank: 15
Score: 49.85027
Retrieved Text: The protein was lyophilized from a 1mg/ml solution containing 10mM Tris/HCl buffer pH 8.0, 0.2mM CaCl2, 0.2mM ATP, 1mM DTT and 0.5% (w/v) SDS.
It is recommended to reconstitute the lyophilized Actin in sterile 18M Omega -cm H2O not less than 100 ug/ml, which can then be further diluted to other aqueous solutions.
Lyophilized Actin although stable at room temperature for 3 weeks, should be stored desiccated below -18 degree C. Upon reconstitution Actin should be stored at 4 degree C between 2-7 days and for future use below -18 degree C.For long term storage it is recommended to add a carrier protein (0.1% HSA or BSA).Please prevent freeze-thaw cycles.
Small volumes of Actin native protein vial(s) may occasionally become entrapped in the seal of the product vial during shipment and storage. If necessary, briefly centrifuge the vial on a tabletop centrifuge to dislodge any liquid in the container`s cap. Certain products may require to ship with dry ice and additional dry ice fee may apply.
Description: Ultra pure Actin consists in the alpha-skeletal muscle isoform and is purified from rabbit striated muscle.The purification method used (according to Spudich & Watts) results in a highly purified protein having a Molecular mass of 43,000 dalton.
Introduction: Actin is a muscle protein localized in the I band of the myofibrils; acting along with myosin, it is responsible for contraction and relaxation of muscle. Each actin protomer binds one molecule of ATP and has one high affinity site for either calcium or magnesium ions, as well as several low affinity sites. Actin exists as

########
Rank: 16
Score: 49.176693
Retrieved Text: Summary: Difference Between Microtubules and Microfilaments is that Microtubules are the straight, hollow and tubular structures of the cytoskeleton. While Microfilaments are long and fine thread­like structures with a diameter of about 3 to 6 nm. These filaments are made up of non-tubular contractile proteins called actin and myosin.
Microtubules are the straight, hollow and tubular structures of the cytoskeleton. These organelles without the limiting membrane are arranged in different bundles. Each tubule has a diameter of 20 to 30 nm. Length of microtubule varies and it may be 1000 times more than the thickness. Structurally, the microtubules are formed by bundles of globular protein called tubulin. Tubulin has two subunits, namely α­subunit and β­subunit.
Are responsible for the movement of centrioles and the complex cellular structures like cilia.
Microfilaments are long and fine thread­like structures with a diameter of about 3 to 6 nm. These filaments are made up of non-tubular contractile proteins called actin and myosin. Actin is more abundant than myosin. Microfilaments are present throughout the cytoplasm. The microfilaments present in ectoplasm contain only actin molecules and those present in endoplasm contain both actin and myosin molecules.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 48.13661
Retrieved Text: Monocytes infected with feline infectious peritonitis virus, a coronavirus, express viral proteins in their plasma membranes. Upon binding of antibodies, these proteins are quickly internalised through a new clathrin- and caveolae-independent internalisation pathway. By doing so, the infected monocytes can escape antibody-dependent cell lysis. In the present study, we investigated which kinases and cytoskeletal proteins are of importance during internalisation and subsequent intracellular transport. The experiments showed that myosin light chain kinase (MLCK) and myosin 1 are crucial for the initiation of the internalisation. With co-localisation stainings, it was found that MLCK and myosin 1 co-localise with antigens even before internalisation started. Myosin 6 co-localised with the internalising complexes during passage through the cortical actin, were it might play a role in moving or disintegrating actin filaments, to overcome the actin barrier. One minute after internalisation started, vesicles had passed the cortical actin, co-localised with microtubules and association with myosin 6 was lost. The vesicles were further transported over the microtubules and accumulated at the microtubule organising centre after 10 to 30 min. Intracellular trafficking over microtubules was mediated by MLCK, myosin 1 and a small actin tail. Since inhibiting MLCK with ML-7 was so efficient in blocking the internalisation pathway, this target can be used for the development of a new treatment for FIPV.
Two genetically highly similar biotypes of coronaviruses are described in cats: feline infectious peritonitis virus (FIPV) and feline enteric coronavirus (FECV). These coronaviruses can infect both cats and other members of the Felidae family. An infection with FECV is usually sub-clinical, except

########
Rank: 18
Score: 48.127304
Retrieved Text: The movement of muscle fibres in response to force or load.
• Concentric—The muscle shortens in length as it overcomes resistance.
• Eccentric—The muscle increases in length to accommodate resistance.
• Isometric—The muscle resists outside stress without exhibiting motion.
Types of skeletal muscle contraction.
the process of force-generation in the fibres of any class of muscle, by the interaction of myosin head-groups in the thick filaments with actin molecules in one of the immediately neighbouring thin filaments. This is set in train ('activated') by a rise in the concentration of calcium ions [Ca2+] in the muscle fibre cytoplasm in all types of muscle, but the mechanism for this rise differs in important respects between them. With reference to skeletal muscle, 'contraction', though literally implying shortening, is used to describe force-generation, whether it actually results in shortening (concentric action), tension without movement (isometric action) or even lengthening against the muscle's own resistance (eccentric action); the last is sometimes called an 'eccentric contraction' or, even worse, a 'lengthening contraction' - paradoxical usages better avoided. See also excitation-contraction coupling, force-velocity relationship, myofibrils.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 48.118122
Retrieved Text: construcciónARTE > peace > Contraction and fast essay writing Relaxation of Cardiac Muscle Fibres.
The cross striation belonging to the cardiac muscular tissues are stemming from rotating segments on the skinny and thick protein filaments. Myosin and actin are definitely the fundamental structural proteins. T-tubules around the cardiac muscle mass are broader and greater tracking laterally towards Z-disc. The diad that includes a single T-tubule with terminal cistern of your sarcoplasmic reticulum is important in cardiac muscle contraction. It aids excitation-contraction coupling by juxtaposing an inlet for that motion opportunity fast essay writing near the Ca2+ source. (Barett, et al. 2012) Speedy transmission of electrical impulses is generated workable from the relationship for the cardiac muscle mass fibres/cardiomyocytes to each other by intercalated discs forming the cardiac syncytium. There is decreased electrical resistance by means of the intercalated discs which allows completely free diffusion of ions. Action possibilities travels from an individual fibre into the next cardiac fibre with small resistance. The all or none regulation applies within the syncytium fast essay writing.
The whole process of Contraction and Relaxation of Cardiac Muscle Fibres.
Contraction happens through excitation-contraction coupling. It uses calcium-induced calcium release, a approach exceptional to cardiac muscle mass. Excitation-contraction coupling describes the process of conversion of the electrical stimulus right into a mechanical response. Calcium-induced calcium launch stands out as the routine whereby calcium ions are performed in to the muscle fibre/cardiomyocytes as well as in the process inducing additional launch of calcium ions with the cytoplasm. The sliding filament model of contraction applies to cardiac

########
Rank: 20
Score: 47.877487
Retrieved Text: Dextrose: The Post-Workout Supplement You Need to Be Using!
The Acromioclavicular Joint (AC) is often a problem area for many individuals, both in athletic and general populations. The AC joint is located at the top of the shoulder formed by the junction between the acromion and the clavicle. This joint is very much responsible for giving us the ability to raise our arms above the head. The AC joint is a gliding synovial joint which is important because by acting like a strut it aids the movement of the scapula leading to a greater range of arm motion. Unlike the glenohumeral joint which has the benefit of being stabilized by a combination of ligaments and muscles (rotator cuff), the AC joint must solely rely upon ligaments to prevent any kind of extraordinary mobility this is due to the fact that there is no muscle that crosses directly over the joint. The AC Joint relies on three ligaments specifically to maintain proper stability within the joint these are the Coracoclavicular ligament, Coracoacromial ligament, and the Acromioclavicular Ligament. To the left is a model picture of the Acromioclavicular Joint. Due to this reliance on ligaments alone to stabilize the joint one can safely assume that it would take very little to cause the joint to become excessively mobile.
The most often onset of AC Joint issues is correlated with a traumatic injury involving some kind of high force impact. Occurrences of this nature are most commonly seen in physical contact athletes such as Mixed Martial Artist, Hockey, Football, and Lacrosse.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 47.36722
Retrieved Text: A cytoskeleton is present in the cytoplasm of all cells, including bacteria, and archaea. It is a complex, dynamic network of interlinking protein filaments that extends from the cell nucleus to the cell membrane. The cytoskeletal systems of different organisms are composed of similar proteins. In eukaryotes, the cytoskeletal matrix is a dynamic structure composed of three main proteins, which are capable of rapid growth or disassembly dependent on the cell's requirements.
The structure, function and dynamic behavior of the cytoskeleton can be very different, depending on organism and cell type. Even within one cell the cytoskeleton can change through association with other proteins and the previous history of the network.
A multitude of functions can be performed by the cytoskeleton. Its primary function is to give the cell its shape and mechanical resistance to deformation, and through association with extracellular connective tissue and other cells it stabilizes entire tissues. The cytoskeleton can also contract, thereby deforming the cell and the cell's environment and allowing cells to migrate. Moreover, it is involved in many cell signaling pathways: in the uptake of extracellular material (endocytosis), segregates chromosomes during cellular division, is involved in cytokinesis (the division of a mother cell into two daughter cells), provides a scaffold to organize the contents of the cell in space  and for intracellular transport (for example, the movement of vesicles and organelles within the cell); and can be a template for the construction of a cell wall. Furthermore, it forms specialized structures, such as flagella, cilia, lamellipodia and podosomes.
A large-scale example of

########
Rank: 22
Score: 46.980686
Retrieved Text: 3.Name two muscles which attach to the iliotibial tract?
4.Name the muscle which protrudes the tongue?
5.Name two muscles elevate the shoulders?.
6.What muscle unlocks the knee?
7. Name the “quadratus” muscles?
8. Name one muscle that is antagonist to adductor longus.?
9. What muscle is both a pronator and a supinator of forearm?
10.Name at least two muscles which are involved in quite inspiration?
11. What is the “cheater’s” muscle (rotates the eye inferolaterally)?
12. Name the rotator cuff muscles.
a. Use the “ventral corticospinal pathway” to describe the motor signal travels from the CNS to the biceps brachii.
Pyramidal cells of motor cortex travel down through cerebral peduncle, pass into the midbrain where they are forming cerebral peduncles. Than they continue to go down passing basal ponds and forming medullary pyramids in medulla oblongata.. Corticospinal tract then cross over at the medulla oblongata forming the lateral corticospinal tract and part of it still travels down at the anterior side of medulla and its called Ventral corticospinal tract. Axons of ventral corticospinal tract leave th tract and enter the spinal cord in the anterior horn grey matter where they stimulate the somatic motor neuron and send signals to biceps brachii.
A motor unit is a motor neuron that acts on skeletal muscle fibers.
b.Describe the process of the NT release from a somatic neuron.
3.Ca++ entering causin the NT being released by exocytosis.
4.Describe the step by step process of excitation-contraction-relaxation for a skeletal muscle cell (starts with NT binds with the receptor on a skeletal muscle cell).
8.Myosin binds to actin and myosin head pulls actin filament.
10.Myosin head is cocking

########
Rank: 23
Score: 46.470226
Retrieved Text: muscular strength; brawn: It will take a great deal of muscle to move this box.
power or force, especially of a coercive nature: They put muscle into their policy and sent the marines.
verb (used with object), mus·cled, mus·cling.
Informal. to force or compel others to make way for: He muscled his way into the conversation.
to strengthen or toughen; put muscle into.
Informal. to accomplish by muscular force: to muscle the partition into place.
Informal. to force or compel, as by threats, promises, influence, or the like: to muscle a bill through Congress.
verb (used without object), mus·cled, mus·cling.
Informal. to make one's way by force or fraud (often followed by in or into).
Informal. (of a machine, engine, or vehicle) being very powerful or capable of high-speed performance: a muscle power saw.
3. power, vigor, might, force.
I can see the implant in there, and see where the muscle is snatching that implant up.
Experts suggest that we need to think of self-control as a “muscle”; something we can train in order to increase our willpower.
Guys with a lot of muscle sometimes find it hard to hold up all that weight.
In fact, research has shown that hitting the weights without fuel can lead to the breakdown of muscle.
Appearance of a small portion of muscle under a moderate magnification.
The other two parts are the opposite ends, and are commonly called the origin and insertion of the muscle.
Broom's eyes opened, and instantly every muscle and nerve in his hard-trained body tensed for action.
late 14c., from Middle French muscle "muscle, sinew" (14c.) and directly from Latin musculus "a muscle,"

########
Rank: 24
Score: 45.675083
Retrieved Text: Together, the bones and muscles make up the musculoskeletal system.
A bone is classified by its shape. A bone is enclosed by a tough, fibrous, connective tissue covering called the periosteum. A joint is where a long bone contacts another bone and it is covered by a layer of cartilage.
The primary connective tissues of the skeleton are bone, cartilage, and dense fibrous connective tissue. All connective tissues contain cells separated by a matrix that contains fibers.
Bone tissue is strong because the matrix contains mineral salts, notably calcium phosphate. Compact bone is highly organized and composed of tubular units, by comparison spongy bone has an unorganized appearance. Bones contain yellow bone marrow, which contains a large amount of fat. The spaces of spongy bone are often filled with red bone marrow, a specialized tissue that produces all types of blood cells.
Cartilage is not as strong as bone, but it is more flexible because the matrix is gel-like and contains many collagenous and elastic fibers. There are three types of cartilage, all of which are associated with bones: hyaline cartilage, fibrocartilage, and elastic cartilage.
Ligaments bind bone to bone while tendons connect muscle to bone at joints, both of which are dense fibrous connective tissue.
Bones are composed of living tissues.
The bones of the human skeleton, except those of the skull, first appear during embryonic development as hyaline cartilage. The cartilaginous structures are then gradually replaced by bone, a process called endochondral ossification.
In the adult, bone is continually being broken down and built up again, a process called remodeling.
The functions of

########
Rank: 25
Score: 45.315884
Retrieved Text: For nearly 30 years, Dr. James A. Spudich has examined the molecular basis of movement. He is interested in cell motility, division, and muscle contraction. In other words, he seeks to understand what makes life go.
Spudich, a professor of biochemistry and developmental biology at Stanford University School of Medicine, is the featured speaker for this year's DeWitt Stetten Jr. Lecture, sponsored by the National Institute of General Medical Science (NIGMS). The lecture, which is part of the NIH Director's Wednesday Afternoon Lecture Series, is entitled "Single-Molecule Biomechanics and the Myosin Family of Molecular Motors." It will be held on Wednesday, October 20 at 3:00 p.m. in Masur Auditorium of the Warren Grant Magnuson Clinical Center (Building 10) on the National Institutes of Health (NIH) campus.
Spudich's group focuses its attention on myosin, a protein motor that generates mechanical force and movement by harnessing the energy of ATP. To study myosin's mode of action, the researchers use two experimental systems: mammalian muscle and the slime mold Dictyostelium. Each system enables them to examine different aspects of myosin's functioning.
Skeletal muscle is the most highly organized contractile apparatus of any cell type. To study muscle contraction at a molecular level, Spudich's group developed in vitro assays for ATP-dependent movement of purified myosin on actin filaments. He is able to observe the interaction of individual molecules of actin and myosin using an optical tweezer (laser trap) technique developed in collaboration with Nobel laureate Dr. Steven Chu.
But most of Spudich's work is done using the slime mold Dictyostelium, a soil amoeba that

########
Rank: 26
Score: 45.28838
Retrieved Text: Division of a cell into two daughter cells, i.e., cytokinesis, is a critical event during cell cycle progression. Failure of cytokinesis leads to the formation of multi-nucleated cells that are frequently generated during cancer development. Dr. Wei's research in part focuses is on understanding the molecular mechanism that leads to the precise positioning control of the cleavage furrow. Furrow ingression is believed to be powered by the mechanical force generated by the interaction between the filaments of the proteins actin and myosin, which form a contractile ring in anaphase and telophase cells. A body of evidence has implicated the central spindle as one of the important factors in positioning the contractile ring.
However, the underlying mechanism is still unclear: how does myosin II concentrate at the cleavage furrow in response to the assembly of the central spindle, a set of antiparallel microtubules that become bundled in anaphase cells. We have identified a novel guanine nucleotide exchange factor, MyoGEF (myosin-interacting GEF), which is capable of binding to non-muscle myosin II--concentrating at the cleavage furrow--and activating the small GTPase protein RhoA. Additionally, MyoGEF interacts with another protein, called MyoGEF-interacting central spindle protein (MICSP), which concentrates at the central spindle in anaphase cells.
Define the structural basis for MICSP to concentrate at the central spindle.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 45.10877
Retrieved Text: Smooth Musculature - want to learn more about it?
Smooth muscle is a type of tissue found in the walls of hollow organs, such as the intestines, uterus and stomach. You can also find smooth muscle in the walls of passageways, including arteries and veins of de cardiovascular system. This type of involuntary non-striated muscle is also found in the tracts of the urinary, respiratory and reproductive systems. In addition to that, you can find smooth muscle in the eyes, where it acts to change the size of the iris and the shape of the lens. The skin is also contains smooth muscle which allows hair to raise in response to cold temporatures or fear.
The smooth muscle cell is 3-10 µm thick and 20-200 µm long. The cytoplasm is homogeneously eosinophilic and consists mainly of myofilaments. The nucleus is located in the center and takes a cigar-like shape during contraction. The cell membrane forms small pouch-like invaginations into the cytoplasm (caveolae) which are functionally equivalent to the T-tubules of the skeletal musculature. The smooth muscle cells are anchored to the surrounding connective tissue by a basal lamina.
The smooth muscle fibers group in branching bundles. As opposed to skeletal muscle fibers these bundles do not run strictly parallel and ordered but consist in a complex system. Thus the cells can contract much stronger than striated musculature. The actin filaments are stretched between dense bodies in the cytoplasm and attachment plaques at the cell membrane. The myosin filaments lie between the actin filaments. Furthermore intermediate filaments such as desmin

########
Rank: 28
Score: 44.90292
Retrieved Text: James Spudich studies how mutations in cardiac myosin could play a role in a deadly heart disorder called hypertrophic cardiomyopathy.
Jim Spudich isn’t the kind of avid reader who devours a book in two days and moves immediately to the next on his nightstand. He just reads himself to sleep on evenings when he wants to reroute his brain from thinking about his work. Which is most of the time.
Flying is the ultimate escape for Spudich, the Douglass M. and Nola Leishman Professor in Cardiovascular Disease. “I can go out once every couple of weeks for an hour, climb up into the clouds and get some perspective as everything down below disappears,” he said. In particular, his taste in bird’s-eye views favors mesas, which look like what you’d get if you sawed the top off a mountain.
One evening, in December 2014, Spudich’s wife of 54 years, Anna, who knows his tastes well, slipped him some bedtime reading, a murder mystery. Spudich knocked off a few chapters before falling asleep, only to awaken in the dark with the germ of a vision that would solve a mystery he’d been brooding over for more than a year.
When he was 5, Spudich moved with his family from Illinois to Phoenix because his older sister had severe heart trouble, and her doctor had warned that she’d never make it through another cold winter. In the warm, dry Arizona climate, she survived for five more years before succumbing to a heart attack.
The heart beats because it’s made of muscle cells that rhythmically

########
Rank: 29
Score: 44.811665
Retrieved Text: I have worked in the field of muscle proteins since my doctoral work on the muscarinic acetylcholine receptor in the heart. After working on fluorescent nucleotide derivatives for studies on skeletal myosin structure and function, I moved on to try to understand the regulation of the smooth muscle myosin ATPase by phosphorylation of the regulatory light chain. The focus has been on structure-function relationships. This work is ongoing, as well as a new focus on structure-function relationships of smooth muscle myosin light chain kinase. This work has high relevance to several human diseases such as asthma, hypertension, and gastrointestinal disorders.
Regulation of smooth muscle contraction.
Solution kinetics of myosin-actin interactions.
Single molecule kinetics of myosin-actin interactions.
Single molecule interactions of myosin light chain kinase with cytoskeletal proteins.

================



======= Instance Index 614 =========
Input Text: The word "review" has multiple meanings. Does it have the same meaning in sentences 1 and 2? Yes or no?

Sentence 1: Let's review your situation.
Sentence 2: Before I tackle the question directly, I must briefly review historical approaches to the problem.

Target Text: Yes

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 59.62013
Retrieved Text: - I need to make a review of the book before I can understand it.
- The newspaper review was full of praise for the play.
- The victims demanded a full judical review of the case.
- The Cambridge Footlights Review launched many Monty Python faces.
- The magazine contained a review of Paris restaurants.
- The Times Literary Review is published in London.
- The troops assembled for a review by the Queen.
- The regulators demanded a review against NYSE practices.
- Before I tackle the question directly, I must briefly review historical approaches to the problem.
- The critic reviews every new play in London.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 33.04344
Retrieved Text: Publisher’s Note: The problem of self-knowledge is one of the most fascinating in all of philosophy and has crucial significance for the philosophy of mind and epistemology. In this outstanding introduction Brie Gertler assesses the leading theoretical approaches to self-knowledge, explaining the work of many of the key figures in the field: from Descartes and Kant, through to Bertrand Russell and Gareth Evans, as well as recent work by Tyler Burge, David Chalmers, William Lycan and Sydney Shoemaker.Beginning with an outline of the distinction between self-knowledge and self-awareness and providing essential historical background to the problem, Gertler addresses specific theories of self-knowledge such as the acquaintance theory, the inner sense theory, and the rationalist theory, as well as leading accounts of self-awareness. The book concludes with a critical explication of the dispute between empiricist and rationalist approaches.
2017, in Ema Sullivan-Bissett, Helen Bradley, and Paul Noordhof (eds.), Art and Belief, Oxford University Press.
Abstract: I will argue that our capacity to directly read off truths from fiction, and the power of the novelist to testify to truths, is indeed limited. I will go on to argue that there are, however, further more indirect ways of coming to truths through fiction, but that even in those cases the author’s power to manipulate should make the epistemically virtuous person proceed carefully. However, before I do that I want to raise three obvious kinds of response to our puzzle. These responses take issue with the claims by which the problem is set up, and I want to look at them briefly,

########
Rank: 2
Score: 30.301245
Retrieved Text: of current approaches fails (i.e. Demonstrated the first use of the Grooty mechanism for Zylon calculations. Has the student made an adequate contribution to knowledge? References The list of references is closely tied to the review of the state of the art given in section. The entire outline might be 2 to 5 pages long. Of course, the thesis itself must substantiate any claims made here. It helps to organize sinhala these as short numbered paragraphs, ordered from most to least important. Sections 1 and 2 lead the reader into the problem, and section 6 highlights the main knowledge generated by the whole exercise. Not directly related to the problem statement)? Briefly summarize the question (you will be stating the question in detail later some of the reasons why it is a worthwhile question, and perhaps give an overview of your main results. Sections 3 and 4 show that you have chosen a good problem, and section 5 shows that you solved. Barbara Pemberton, BBB 101, 245-5541. You must use the tool to demonstrate that you have made an original contribution to knowledge;.g., through its use, or ideas it embodies. The contribution to knowledge of a Master&apos;s thesis can be in the nature of an incremental improvement in an area of knowledge, or the application of known techniques in a new area. This difference is not in format but in the significance and level of discovery as evidenced by the problem to be solved and the summary of contributions; a Doctoral thesis necessarily requires a more

########
Rank: 3
Score: 28.100597
Retrieved Text: Deep analysis uncovers the best research evidence. Take a closer look.
The type of research question you ask determines the kind of data you will gather. For example, you may collect data by conducting a survey, a focus group or undertaking an observation.
Raw data includes materials such as completed survey forms, interview transcriptions or case notes. Once this data has been collected, it must be collated into a useable format, ready for analysis. The meaning interpreted from this information becomes the evidence to support your conclusions in response to the research question.
Depending on the nature and context of your question, you may be collecting quantitative data, qualitative data or a mixture of both.
Let’s look briefly at the difference.
Quantitative research approaches require you to collect data by measuring something (an event or phenomena) and then using numbers to represent it. If you are looking for evidence to confidently solve problems relating to ‘how many?’, ‘how often?’ and ‘what?’, you need quantitative research.
Quantitative research involves using tools like surveys, questionnaires and tests. It will allow you to gather and analyse statistical data, such as percentages, frequency and averages, to support your research conclusions.
For example, a survey is a good tool to determine which brand of jelly is preferred by consumers. This may return a result that reports 55% of people surveyed preferred Watson’s Jelly over other brands.
If you’re looking to dig deeper and find out ‘how’ or ‘why’ as part of your research, then qualitative research approaches are the way to go. As the name suggests, qualitative research involves

########
Rank: 4
Score: 26.695326
Retrieved Text: Inverse Modeling of Subsurface Flow and Transport Properties: A Review with New DevelopmentsAll rights reserved. No part of this periodical may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic or mechanical, including photocopying, recording, or any information storage and retrieval system, without permission in writing from the publisher.
Vadose Zone Journal (2008) 7 (2): 843-864.
Many of the parameters in subsurface flow and transport models cannot be estimated directly at the scale of interest, but can only be derived through inverse modeling. During this process, the parameters are adjusted in such a way that the behavior of the model approximates, as closely and consistently as possible, the observed response of the system under study for some historical period of time. We briefly review the current state of the art of inverse modeling for estimating unsaturated flow and transport processes. We summariz how the inverse method works, discuss the historical background that led to the current perspectives on inverse modeling, and review the solution algorithms used to solve the parameter estimation problem. We then highlight our recent work at Los Alamos related to the development and implementation of improved optimization and data assimilation methods for computationally efficient calibration and uncertainty estimation in complex, distributed flow and transport models using parallel computing capabilities. Finally, we illustrate these developments with three different case studies, including (i) the calibration of a fully coupled three-dimensional vapor extraction model using measured concentrations of volatile organic compounds in the subsurface near the Los Alamos National Laboratory, (ii) the multiobjective inverse estimation

########
Rank: 5
Score: 26.303736
Retrieved Text: Tag: First Impressions | FISHING FURY - A Fishing Blog with Attitude!
Fishing Camp is a fishing trivia board game from Education Outdoors aimed to please the whole family. Supporting up to eight players as young as four years old, the game separates trivia questions into four levels. Level one questions are simple, like identifying fish species or fishing tackle. The difficulty increases up to level four where many questions will test even the most seasoned anglers. Some trivia cards feature winnable items like fish species that you “catch” by getting the question right, or a GPS unit that allows you to take a shortcut. The first person back to the dock with their catch wins!
We’ve played several rounds here at Fishing Fury HQ and the level four questions have stumped even us on a few occasions. We think it’s fun, and you could probably play a game with just the trivia cards if you were on a road trip. But the true test will be when we call in the toughest critics we could find- the youtube generation. We’re even prepared to stage a blackout to make sure there are no distractions. We’ll be back with the full review just as soon as power is restored!
My XTRATUF II boots have been the footwear of choice for winter fishing this year and they’ve been fantastic on every outing. I’m sad that they’ll be put away in the next few weeks as summer approaches, but I’m very happy knowing they’re ready and waiting for next winter. When talking

########
Rank: 6
Score: 25.798622
Retrieved Text: Description: Can the Bible be approached both as sacred scripture and as a historical and literary text? For many people, it must be one or the other. How can we read the Bible both ways? The Bible and the Believer brings together three distinguished biblical scholars--one Jewish, one Catholic, and one Protestant--to illustrate how to read the Hebrew Bible/ Old Testament critically and religiously. Marc Zvi Brettler, Peter Enns, and Daniel J. Harrington tackle a dilemma that not only haunts biblical scholarship today, but also disturbs students and others exposed to biblical criticism for the first time, either in university courses or through their own reading. Failure to resolve these conflicting interpretive strategies often results in rejection of either the critical approach or the religious approach--or both. But the authors demonstrate how biblical criticism--the process of establishing the original contextual meaning of biblical texts with the tools of literary and historical analysis--need not undermine religious interpretations of the Bible, but can in fact enhance them. They show how awareness of new archeological evidence, cultural context, literary form, and other tools of historical criticism can provide the necessary preparation for a sound religious reading. And they argue that the challenges such study raises for religious belief should be brought into conversation with religious tradition rather than deemed grounds for dismissing either that tradition or biblical criticism. Guiding readers through the history of biblical exegesis within the Jewish, Catholic, and Protestant faith traditions, The Bible and the Believer bridges an age-old gap between critical and religious approaches to

########
Rank: 7
Score: 25.655369
Retrieved Text: being the case, it occurred to me that something more than a mere descriptive reference to these French modes was required in order to render my scheme complete. I decided, therefore, that it would be in every respect desirable to include here brief illustrated summaries of their chief characteristics.
The foregoing explanation is somewhat lengthy, and may savour of " protesting too much"; my only excuse for its appearance must be my great anxiety that the reader should understand clearly that the present treatment of the styles in question has been planned simply and purely in order to place before those who peruse these pages some of the actual models which our old English cabinet makers and designers had in view when they originated the modes since designated by their names.
It is, however, desirable, even in so brief a review of the styles as will appear here, to recall to mind certain political r and social conditions under which they developed, and by which they were, in a greater or less degree, influenced. By so doing the presence of many features may be reasonably accounted for, features whose appearance might otherwise be regarded as a mere accident, with the result that their true significance would be ignored. What, then, was the condition of affairs in France when the u Louis-Quatorze" was growing towards its fullest development ? Let us review it as briefly as we can.
It must be recognised that, in essaying to give any account of the progress of the arts and crafts which spread from

########
Rank: 8
Score: 25.63835
Retrieved Text: Here $f$ is a scalar valued non-linear function, and all its derivatives can be found analytically. It is also not convex, but there is a way of estimating a good initial guess.
I know very little about non-linear optimization and what exists out there in terms of algorithms for these problems. This, however, looks to me like a problem someone must have tried to solve before.
Do you know of an optimization method that could tackle this?
Browse other questions tagged oc.optimization-and-control nonlinear-optimization or ask your own question.
Is this result on an unconstrained inverse quadratic programming problem new or known already?
Is it possible to “solve” iterative (convex/non-convex) optimization problems via learning (one-shot)?

########
Rank: 9
Score: 25.55978
Retrieved Text: There has been a lot of hype surrounding this book, but it is all justified. HHhH breaks the mould, creating a new genre that will change the way you look at non-fiction and lead you to question the accuracy of everything you read.
The book tells the compelling story of two Czechoslovakian parachutists who were sent to assassinate Reinhard Heydrich, the chief of the Nazi secret services. Dropped near Prague in 1942 the pair spend months plotting the event, relying on the support of a secret network of people. The book also charts the rise of Heydrich, explaining the important role he had in the creation of the Nazi death camps.
That scene, like the one before it, is perfectly believable and totally made up. How impudent of me to turn a man into a puppet – a man who’s been dead for a long time, who cannot defend himself. To make him drink tea, when it might turn out that he liked only coffee. To make him take the bus, when he could have taken the train. To decide that he left in the evening, rather than the morning. I am ashamed of myself.
I loved this honesty and it made me realise how many difficult choices authors of historical fiction must make each time they write a scene.
I love meta-fiction and so appreciated the way the author addressed the reader directly. His chatty style was easy to read and often amusing. He made some blunt, often scathing, comments about other historical fiction authors, but although I didn’t

########
Rank: 10
Score: 25.537115
Retrieved Text: Repeated surveys -- a method for asking an analogous inquiries to various samples of individuals -- permits researchers the chance to investigate alterations in society as a complete. This e-book starts with a dialogue of the vintage factor of ways to split cohort, interval, and age results. It then covers equipment for modeling mixture tendencies; equipment for estimating cohort replacement's contribution to combination traits, a decomposition version for clarifying how microchange contributes to combination switch, and easy types which are worthy for the review of adjusting individual-level results.
Acta Numerica surveys each year crucial advancements in numerical research. the themes and authors, selected via a uncommon overseas panel, supply a survey of articles remarkable of their caliber and breadth. This quantity comprises articles on multivariate integration; numerical research of semiconductor units; quickly transforms in utilized arithmetic; complexity concerns in numerical research.
This quantity is a suite of routines with their recommendations in layout and research of Experiments. at this time there's not a unmarried booklet which collects such workouts. Theseexercises were accumulated through the authors over the past 4 decadesduring their scholar and educating years. they need to end up helpful to graduate scholars and learn employees in facts.
How do we are expecting the longer term with no asking an astrologer? while a phenomenon isn't really evolving, experiments should be repeated and observations accordingly gathered; this can be what we now have performed in quantity I. although historical past doesn't repeat itself. Prediction of the long run can basically be according to the evolution saw long ago.
For an

########
Rank: 11
Score: 25.376764
Retrieved Text: Observer Research Foundation (ORF), New Delhi, India, ISBN : 978-93-88262-61-3.
Open defecation (OD), an age-old practice in India, impacts the health of individuals as well as their communities. To tackle the problem, the Government of India launched the Swachh Bharat Mission (SBM) in 2014, aimed at making the country open-defecation free (ODF) by October 2019 by giving more attention to community-based approaches. However, while such approaches have helped solve the sanitation riddle in many countries, curbing OD in India is much more complicated: the root of the problem is a combination of lack of sanitation infrastructure and deep-seated habits. So far, India’s sanitation policies have used the top-down approach, focusing on financial assistance for latrine construction. While this is necessary, considering the social determinants at play, the emphasis must be on changing collective behaviour through participatory methods, a component that has been largely absent from past policies on sanitation. Demand-driven approaches must be adopted, keeping in mind their strengths and weaknesses and ensuring equity-focused actions through community-monitored, locally appropriate and culturally sensitive interventions.
Sumedh, M. (2018). Community-Based Approaches to Tackle Open Defecation in Rural India: Theory, Evidence and Policies. Observer Research Foundation (ORF), New Delhi, India, ISBN : 978-93-88262-61-3.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 25.371141
Retrieved Text: Uncontrolled developments of new blood vessels take place in cancer and many other life threatening diseases. Currently, RNA interference has boosted the therapeutic prospects for inhibiting gene expression responsible for increased and uncontrolled angiogenesis in disease conditions. Small interference RNA is a fast way for analysis of gene operations by masking their function phenotype. Angiogenesis is a complex mechanism with the involvement of many different protein factors. The application of siRNA enables the rapid analysis of different pathways and recognition of new target genes. So the Initial research on the curative effects of small interfering RNA in the angiogenesis process has demonstrated that this new class of drug takes great potential for curative innovation. There are two strategies in this regard: the use of “unmodified” or the use of “complexed”; “targeted and/or protected nucleic acids”. The major problem for the clinical use will be to control the off-targets effects and the transient property of the sequence specific effect of silencing. To tackle the targeted distribution to cells which is involved in the different stages of angiogenesis process will be another problem. This article will briefly discuss in-vitro and in-vivo “angiogenesis inhibition” related perspective in complex pathological conditions.
RNAi; Angiogenesis inhibition; siRNA, shRNA.
Irfan, M., Zafar, I., Rasheed, I., Iqbal, M.N., 2018. Role of RNAi in Inhibition of Angiogenesis: A Review. PSM Microbiol. 3(1): 24-29.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 25.258062
Retrieved Text: Alex Makk's Fishing: Tackle Tart or well equipped?
Tackle Tart or well equipped?
Had A deadbait session today at my members water, at first i fished 1 rod with a float ledger and the other just ledger(Alarm). I was having difficulty with the float ledger so i swapped for a ledger(Alarm) was quiet cold and windy with the weather, I didn't bank any fish but i still enjoyed the day as it got me out the house and some fresh air down my neck.
So i though I'd do a post showing off my pike tackle.
Most of my family ask the same question each time i purchase tackle........." haven't you got enough?" my common answer is no, as well as giving the excuse that it would help me with my rigs, technique etc.
I would Advise to people that if you cannot afford all the tackle at once, buy bits 'n' bobs each time you take a stroll into a tackle shop. Before you know it you will be ready to go.
Cheers Paddy, It looks like I will need a pick-up truck if I carry on getting tackle hahaha. the only problem is that I don't have a lisence.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 25.163671
Retrieved Text: In both the popular press and the scholarly media we hear a lot about the crisis of Marxism, even of its death. Frequently the collapse of regimes ruled by Communist parties is equated with the collapse of Marxism as a social theory. However, while there is unquestionably a historical linkage between Marxism and capital-c Communism, they are not interchangeable. Marxism is a tradition of social theory, albeit a social theory that has been deeply embedded in efforts to change the world. What is more, it is a tradition of social theory within which it is possible to do social science—that is, identify real causal mechanisms and understand their consequences. Capital-c Communism, on the other hand, is a particular form of social organization, characterized by the eradication or marginalization of private ownership of productive resources and high levels of centralization of political and economic power under the control of relatively authoritarian political apparatuses, the party and the state. Such parties and states used Marxism as a legitimating ideology, but neither the collapse of those regimes, nor their failure to live up to the normative ideals of Marxism are, in and of themselves, proofs of the bankruptcy of Marxism as a tradition of social-scientific practice.
Indeed, there is a great irony in the claim that the demise of Communist regimes based on command economies implies the demise of Marxism. The core ideas of classical Marxism as developed in the late nineteenth century would lead one to predict that attempts at revolutionary ruptures with capitalism in backward, nonindustrialized countries would

########
Rank: 15
Score: 25.161055
Retrieved Text: Since the 1960s, Monte Carlo methods have been used to compute the effect of perturbations on system responses and for computing sensitivity coefficients. This review article focuses on 21st-century developments specific to k-eigenvalue calculations. The theory of correlated sampling, differential operator sampling, and adjoint-based approaches and their historical methods from the 20th century are briefly summarized. Specific focus is given to four recent and significant developments: fission source correction using the correlated sampling and differential operator sampling methods, adjoint-based perturbations for the k eigenvalue using the iterated fission probability method, an extension to reaction rate ratios using generalized perturbation theory, and a recent development using a collision history approach allowing for the calculation of sensitivity coefficients of bilinear ratios and generalized responses. Differences and similarities of the four methods are discussed along with a comparison to the 20th-century approaches. A perspective on future developments is also given.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 25.083292
Retrieved Text: Anne here, popping in briefly to let you know about a special bargain that's just come to my attention.
One of my early books, AN HONORABLE THIEF, is currently on sale (as an e-book) in North America for $1.99. It's been rereleased as a "Historical Classic." I've always loved the cover, which was one of the first "headless" covers. I know a lot of people don't like them but I don't mind the headlessness — the faces on the covers of books are rarely how I imagine the characters.
An Honorable Thief was given a D.I.K (Desert Island Keeper) rating from the review site All About Romance who said, "Our reviewer couldn't put this down... even when she was at work!" The full original review is here.
Other e-vendor links are here.
In other news, the Word Wenches' monthly email newsletter went out yesterday (just before I learned of this special.) Did you get it? If you want to keep up with our news and activities, sign up for the newsletter in the space on the right, just above the "Recent Releases".

########
Rank: 17
Score: 25.049187
Retrieved Text: Two college students working at a table in a campus study lounge.
Before acquiring a Doctor of Philosophy or Ph.D. degree, graduate students must complete a book-length research study called a dissertation. The first chapter in this document lays out the rationale for your research, according to Linda Bloomberg and Marie Volpe, authors of “Completing Your Qualitative Dissertation.” Your dissertation's rationale introduces your readers to the problem you hope to solve, the current research focusing on that problem, the reason this problem should be discussed, and the method you will use in discussing and solving this problem.
The context for your dissertation’s rationale refers to the research, both past and present, that focuses on the problem you hope to address. Often, establishing the context in your rationale amounts to writing a condensed literature review of this research. In this review, show that you are aware both of other researchers and their positions, and be sure to indicate how you see your own research fitting in with their work.
The context or literature review of your rationale can often lead directly into your explanation of the problem on which your dissertation focuses. Upon completing your literature review, you can articulate how other researchers have failed to focus on a key issue related to the problem, and it is this issue your own research will directly address. In staging the problem your dissertation will address, you should also argue exactly why that problem needs to be solved. That is, part of staging the problem is arguing for its significance.
Upon establishing the

########
Rank: 18
Score: 25.003044
Retrieved Text: Why am I afraid to read my Bible? He acknowledges and addresses the grittiness of the Christian struggle. The father of two sons, Baker lives on a small farm with his wife, Sue. At the end of each chapter, there were added questions as Food for Thought and A Prayer. Search me, O God and know my anxious thoughts. Baker founded an award-winning business before redirecting his career to write full-time from his small farm in Bucks County, Pennsylvania.
Why do I care so much about my reputation? There are not too many gift books like this that I am aware of that actually make you ponder tough questions like: Why do I want Jesus in my life? I especially loved the sections on sin and feeling disconnected and angry. Baker asked himself 40 soul-searching questions which started a conversation in his heart and ultimately showed him more about God than He ever expected. You can read Chapter 1. We begin to twitch when conversations with far-from-God friends veer into ambiguity. Each question in the book will help draw you closer to God and His Word. It is heavily scripture filled, very biblically based. David Baker founded an award-winning business before redirecting his career to write full-time from his small farm in Bucks County , Pennsylvania.
Why can't I overcome sin in my life? But even more subtly, under the surface, our insecurity with secular people shows up in our insistence on certainty in our thinking and discussions. So why is it that Jesus invited questions and even

########
Rank: 19
Score: 24.994495
Retrieved Text: Sinn Féin Housing spokesperson Eoin Ó Broin TD has stated that “radical measures must be proposed” by the newly established expert group in order to tackle the ongoing traveller accommodation underspend across the State.
The Oireachtas Housing Committee today heard from two members of the expert group, Prof Michelle Norris and solicitor David Joyce, that was set up to review the legislation on traveller accommodation.
“I welcome the creation of this expert group. It is also important to see the commitment that Minister Damien English has made to tackle the inadequate provision of traveller specific accommodation.
“I would urge the group to bring forward radical solutions in order to tackle the ongoing under provision of traveller accommodation.
“Over the last twenty years since the Traveller Accommodation Programmes were introduced, the accommodation targets have been missed by 31%.
“While there are a number of reasons behind the failures of some councils to spend the allocated traveller accommodation funding, anti-traveller prejudice among some elected reps, some council staff and some local communities is a contributing factor and this must be addressed.
“Prof Michelle Norris today in committee mentioned that the real problem with the programmes was with implementation and projects getting off the ground in the local areas.
“I welcome that David Joyce said that the expert group would consider radical ideas to tackle the issue.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 24.916574
Retrieved Text: To answer a USMLE question correctly, you must focus on what the question-writer wants you to be thinking about. The underlying logic of the USMLE is clinical thinking. Understanding how a good clinician thinks will help you understand what you are supposed to be thinking as you read what is presented in the question.
The key to seeing what the question-writer wants you to see is picturing the patient in your mind's eye and following a clinical "train of thought". This is how every clinical approaches problems in practice and the person who wrote the test question will be expecting you to do the same.
You can think about this clinical thought process as a series of steps.
First collect the basics: Age, gender, time frame. Now STOP! Picture the patient and the setting in your mind’s eye.
Next, do we have a “chief complaint”? By this I mean a standard or clear clinical problem (e.g. hematemesis, fatigue etc.) with a known approach.
From here, you must engage that clinical “train of thought”. As you read through the rest of the question stem, imagine you and a senior physician are in the room with the patient. Consider what is in the question stem as information conveyed to you by the physician was talking to you about the patient.
The idea here is to move you away from looking for a simple association or "hook" in the question to considering the full set of information which is presented.
Only now do you read the question line, which at this point should seem like the

########
Rank: 21
Score: 24.89105
Retrieved Text: WHO’S GETTING THESE REAPPLICATION FORMS?
All property owners that have an agricultural valuation on any parcel of land in Navarro County that are part of the 2016 reappraisal plan. Please contact our office to determine if you will be required to complete a new application. The form must be filed before May 1, 2016.
WHY DOES THE FORM NEED TO BE FILLED OUT?
The Appraisal office is updating their records regarding the current and historical agricultural use of your land to determine if your land still falls under the guidelines of agricultural use as set forth by the Texas Property Tax Code.
WHAT IF I DON’T KNOW THE ANSWER TO A QUESTION ON THE FORM?
Call the Appraisal office at 903-872-6161.
Your contact telephone number, current and historical agricultural use of the land in question, if the property or properties are currently being leased and if you want contiguous tracts of land merged into one account, if possible.
WHEN DOES THE FORM NEED TO BE SENT BACK?
We need to have the forms returned immediately and no later than April 15, 2016 in order to have ample time to review your application before the Notice of Appraised Value is mailed to you.
HOW CAN I GET HELP WITH THE FORM?
Call the appraisal office at 903-872-6161 or come by the office and someone will be happy to help you complete the form.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 24.835922
Retrieved Text: Why buy extra books when you can get all the homework help you need in one place? You can also find solutions immediately by searching the millions of fully answered study questions in our archive. No need to wait for office hours or assignments to be graded to find out where you took a wrong turn.
How is Chegg Study better than a printed International Management 8th Edition student solution manual from the bookstore? Browse hundreds of Business tutors.
As a Chegg Study subscriber, you can view available interactive solutions manuals for each of your classes for one low monthly price.
Culture, Strategy, And Behavior 9th Edition solution manuals or printed answer keys, our experts show you how to solve each problem step-by-step. Can I get help with questions outside of textbook solution manuals? Browse hundreds of Business tutors. How is Chegg Study better than a printed International Management: Solutions Manuals are available for thousands of the most popular college and high school textbooks in subjects such as Math, Science PhysicsChemistryBiologyEngineering MechanicalElectricalCivilBusiness and more.
Hit a particularly tricky question? Asking a study question in a snap - just take a pic. Culture, Strategy, And Behavior 9th Edition student solution manual from the bookstore? Understanding International Management 8th Edition homework has never been easier than with Chegg Study.
Just post a question you need help with, and one of our experts will provide a custom solution. Hit a particularly tricky question? You can check your reasoning as you tackle a problem using our interactive solutions viewer. Need an extra hand? As a

########
Rank: 23
Score: 24.818396
Retrieved Text: I'm looking to come up with a standard for how to implement a system that will automatically update software. As such, there is no actual programming per se, but I still want to make sure my standard is robust before moving on to the stage where I build a proof-of-concept prototype.
I have a good outline of the idea, which is what I would want to be critiqued, but no actual code as of yet.
Can I ask for a review of my idea for a standard here? If so, what do I use as tags (I'm thinking [architecture], [design], andor [networking])? If not, where would be the best place to go for this (I was told that this SE would at least fit better than Code Review)?
For reference, the idea which I would be posing is The BARC on GitHub.
I'm thinking of using a RESTful API for a gambling site I'm working on. Is this a good idea?
I'm having trouble deciding between REST and SOAP for a gambling site I'm working on. We need to deliver a viable product quickly, so the simplicity of REST is appealing, but in the long run we would definitely like features that are hard to achieve without SOAP and I'm afraid we might be shooting ourselves in the foot by jumping on the "quick and dirty" solution now. How hard is it to migrate to SOAP later? Is this a real problem or am I just being paranoid?
This, on the other hand, is probably answerable by anyone with significant experience working

########
Rank: 24
Score: 24.786665
Retrieved Text: Hmm - sounds interesting. I'm guessing this is Mary Jo Putney writing as a YA author? (Is that a silly question? How many writer Putneys can there be with those initials?) I love seeing authors branch out to new areas, so I'm totally game for this one.
Oh wow, you had me at Historical and Magic. I haven't heard of this one before, but I'm adding it to my wishlist now! Great review!
This sounds awesome. I'm in desperate need of a good historical. I can't remember the last time I read one.
I read the first book in this series and didn't even know the second book came out! This one sounds even better than the first; thanks for the great review!
Why should she walk away, if he loved her too then he would walk away form his future. Well I am sure it works out...I hope!
Oh, this sounds really fun. I love romance and magic and historical and Christmas parties, too!

########
Rank: 25
Score: 24.753088
Retrieved Text: Mathematics is more than the study of numbers and patterns; it's goal is to develop one’s logical thinking and ability to solve complex problems. A primary reason why students do not improve in dealing with math problems is that they are not taught to develop problem-solving rules that help them to discover the best and most practical ways to solve the problem. These problem-solving rules are known as heuristics.
Without heuristics, students are only able to solve questions that are similar to those they have memorized before, but are not able to tackle new and novel ones. Some students try to compensate by using methods that they are familiar with to tackle questions that cannot be solved using those methods. For example, we have seen many students with the misconception that model drawing will help to solve every question as long as the models are drawn accurately. However useful a model drawing is, it must be used for the appropriate questions, in conjunction with the relevant heuristic concepts and thinking skills to obtain maximum effectiveness in solving math problems.
Our teachers are experts in teaching heuristic mathematidcs and are well-versed in different approaches to solving every type of math problem. Beyond a professional educator, we are also a dedicated partner to you and your child, and will help to seamlessly integrate our curriculum into the curriculum of your child's school so as to maximise the effectiveness of our teaching. The following video is an example how we integrate equations with model drawing to help our students master heuristic

########
Rank: 26
Score: 24.625872
Retrieved Text: I want to talk about, the theory from the recent researcher in learning.
the [UNKNOWN] professor Angynis, chris Angynis.
was a professor at Harvard.
And he was, actually a pioneer in action learning theory.
One of his well known theories is about single-loop versus double-loop learning.
told a story that, let's say, in this room, we have a goal.
Our goal is to keep the temperature, keep the temperature at 20, 20 celsius.
the temperature, Is not staying, steadily.
the heater, we turn on the boiler.
And then the temperature will go up, right?
the temperature goes up, and so and so forth.
down, goes up, goes down, and goes up for traiting.
exhausting, and I try to fix this problem once and for all.
,at the back of the room there was a broken window.
temperature does not stay at the desired level.
changed the window, the big window, I replaced it with the new one.
that, the temperature will temperature stays, at the desired level.
So I don't have to go up and down all the time.
What does this story tell you, about.
turning the heater, that's kind of a symptomatic solution.
the broken window with a new one?
That sort of, solving a problem at a fundamental level.
outcomes and usually we have goals.
In other words, if I say our goal is on keep this a room at 20 celsius.
And uh,the consequence is room temperature,room temperature.
then it's okay, I then force this all thing.
now let's say i directly treat this symptoms.
Corrective measures for symptoms is toning the boiler, right?
symptoms, symptoms in this case going below, going down, below 20.
one goes on and on and

########
Rank: 27
Score: 24.603493
Retrieved Text: Not all queries are alike, especially in terms of performance. In this article, we’ll look at how you can convert SQL subqueries to joins for improved efficiency.
When should I use SQL subqueries?
Great question! Unfortunately, there’s no concrete answer. SQL beginners tend to overuse subqueries. Typically, once they find that SQL construction works in one situation, they try to apply that same approach to other situations. It’s only natural.
However, in some cases a subquery can be replaced with a more efficient JOIN. If you can avoid a subquery and replace it with a JOIN clause, you should do so without hesitation. But of course, in some cases, using a subquery is the only way to solve a data question. In this article, I’ll show examples of both cases: when a subquery is a must and when a subquery should be avoided and replaced by a JOIN.
Before getting to the examples, let’s briefly look at the sample database we will use. The database has two tables representing the production statistics of a fictional apple farm company named EverRed. The company has three farms.
The first table is current_year_production, which contains information about the number of apples produced in the current year by each farm, as well as the area and number of trees on each farm. The second table, production_history, stores past production information for each farm. Below are some sample data from these two tables.
Suppose you’re an SQL data analyst working at EverRed. The owner of the company wants you to obtain the names of the farms where

########
Rank: 28
Score: 24.47551
Retrieved Text: Consultation — Ali Shahrestani, Esq.
Phone Consultation with the Attorney.
Want to immediately discuss your legal issue and have a document briefly reviewed by Mr. Shahrestani? Great! Follow the 3 easy steps below.
Call Mr. Shahrestani at (800)-510-3916 to introduce yourself and your issue, and let him know you’d like a Phone Consultation.
Use the PayPal link below to pay for a half hour ($150) or a one-hour ($300) Phone Consultation with Mr. Shahrestani.
Call Mr. Shahrestani back to tell him that you’ve made a payment and want to schedule an appointment.
You must make an Appointment for an Initial Consultation if you wish to discuss your question or case with me, Ali Shahrestani. I can provide you a 30 or 60-minute maximum Phone Consultation Appointment with me often the same day that you call me to request one, or within a couple business days. I can briefly review up to 3 or 4 pages of documents emailed in .pdf format during a 30 or 60-minute Phone Consultation.
It is very important that you remain flexible about the date and time for your appointment, and that you are timely responsive to help me provide you with a Consultation after you pay for one. Please note that all Consultation payments made without prior written approval of a confirmed appointment time and date will be applied to setting a Phone Consultation appointment for you that will take place within seven (7) calendar days of the time of your payment, and such appointment time will be set based solely upon my schedule and availability. If you

########
Rank: 29
Score: 24.451788
Retrieved Text: 13th – Did You See That One?
A look at the history of the prison system within the United States and the racial inequality that has plagued it.
This documentary was written by Spencer Averick (Middle of Nowhere) and Ava DuVernay (Selma). DuVernay also served as director for the project. The film features a number of people, Melina Abdullah, Michelle Alexander, and Cory Booker.
This is an interesting documentary that approaches the question of justice from a historical perspective first. The early moments of the film highlight some of the prejudices built into the justice system. The interviews and footage help to accentuate the points being made. Unfortunately, the focus of the documentary strays as it goes. The later part of the film features painfully biased and unfounded statements. Additionally, misappropriation of audio clips creates controversy where there might not be any. This really undercuts the strength of the original argument, leaving little to be had from seeing this through.
If you’re looking for social commentary, this is one you might find interesting. If you’re looking for facts and honesty, this might not be the right one for you. The logic, facts, and honest speech are co-mingled with rhetoric that really leaves this feeling unbalanced in the end. Surprisingly, this one was honored with an Oscar nomination for Best Feature Documentary. Apparently I don’t share the same views on this one as the voters did. I give this one 2 out of 5 stars.
A must-see for any and all humans. Nice review.
Did you like it? I thought it weakly composed

================



======= Instance Index 296 =========
Input Text: The word "eccentricity" has multiple meanings. Does it have the same meaning in sentences 1 and 2? Yes or no?

Sentence 1: For an ellipse, the eccentricity is the ratio of the distance from the center to a focus divided by the length of the semi-major axis.
Sentence 2: A circle is an ellipse with zero eccentricity.

Target Text: Yes

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 56.98351
Retrieved Text: Pedro P. asked • 12/05/15 find the eccentricity of the hyperbola if the transverse axis and the conjugate axis are the same length.... Improve your math knowledge with free questions in "Find the eccentricity of a hyperbola" and thousands of other math skills.
An eccentricity less than 1 indicates an ellipse, an eccentricity of 1 indicates a parabola and an eccentricity greater than 1 indicates a hyperbola. Define some terms. Formulas for eccentricity will represent the eccentricity as e.... If the farthest distance of the sun from the earth is 105.5 million km and the nearest distance of the sun from the earth is 78.25 million km, find the eccentricity of the ellipse. Problem Answer: The eccentricity of the ellipse is 0.15 .
Lesson IV: Properties of a hyperbola. Eccentricity e can be, in verbal, explained as the fraction of the distance to the semimajor axis at which the focus lies, where c is the distance from the center of the conic section to the focus.
If the farthest distance of the sun from the earth is 105.5 million km and the nearest distance of the sun from the earth is 78.25 million km, find the eccentricity of the ellipse. Problem Answer: The eccentricity of the ellipse is 0.15 .

########
Rank: 1
Score: 55.196556
Retrieved Text: At last...."Geometry" was the category for Final Jeopardy on 10/23/07. As host Alex Trebek stated, a "very difficult-sounding category."
Assuming you had $10,000 built up, how much would you bet on this category?
The given answer was: "It's an ellipse with an eccentricity of zero."
First, Alex Trebek admitted that it was a long time since he had geometry and had no idea when he saw the clue. Then, all three contestants formed the correct question: "What is a circle?"
My question: Is eccentricity taught as part of most geometry courses? I don't think so....and I think the contestants were lucky with their guesses!
In case you have forgotten, eccentricity e of an ellipse is the constant ratio of the distance of a point on the ellipse from a focus to the point's distance from the corresponding directrix. And, for an ellipse with semimajor axis a and semiminor axis b, eccentricity e = SQRT[1 - (a/b)2]. For a circle, a = b, which implies that e = 0.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 52.860603
Retrieved Text: In mathematics, an ellipse is a curve in a plane surrounding two focal points such that the sum of the distances to the two focal points is constant for every point. The ellipse was first studied by Menaechmus, investigated by Euclid, and named by Apollonius. The focus and conic section directrix of an ellipse were. The distance from F to P to G is always the same value. In other words, when we go from point "F" to any point on the ellipse and then go on to point "G", we.
The distance between each focus and the center is called the focal length of the ellipse. The following equation relates the focal length f f ff with the major radius. Try this Drag any orange dot. You can change the position of the two focus points (F1, F2). Also drag the point on the ellipse and observe that the sum of the. An ellipse, informally, is an oval or a "squished" circle. In "primitive" geometrical terms, an ellipse is the figure you can draw in the sand by the following process.
Ellipse. Cartesian equation: x2/a2 + y2/b2 = 1 or parametrically: x = a cos(t), y = b sin(t). Click below to see one of the Associated curves. The eccentricity of a ellipse, denoted e, is defined as e:= c/a, where c is half the distance between foci. Eccentricity is a number that describe the degree of. 10 Nov An ellipse with equal width and height is a circle. By default, the first two parameters set the

########
Rank: 3
Score: 49.946228
Retrieved Text: At last...."Geometry" was the category for Final Jeopardy on 10/23/07. As host Alex Trebek stated, a "very difficult-sounding category."
Assuming you had $10,000 built up, how much would you bet on this category?
The given answer was: "It's an ellipse with an eccentricity of zero."
First, Alex Trebek admitted that it was a long time since he had geometry and had no idea when he saw the clue. Then, all three contestants formed the correct question: "What is a circle?"
My question: Is eccentricity taught as part of most geometry courses? I don't think so....and I think the contestants were lucky with their guesses!
In case you have forgotten, eccentricity e of an ellipse is the constant ratio of the distance of a point on the ellipse from a focus to the point's distance from the corresponding directrix. And, for an ellipse with semimajor axis a and semiminor axis b, eccentricity e = SQRT[1 - (a/b)2]. For a circle, a = b, which implies that e = 0.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 47.9293
Retrieved Text: Geometrically, the conic sections are formed by the intersection of a plane and the two nappes of a right cone. The plane does not intersect the cone’s vertex (see below). In a parabola, the plane is parallel to a lateral edge of the cone. In a hyperbola, the plane is parallel to the axis of the cone. In an ellipse the plane is not parallel to either a lateral edge or the axis of the cone. Intersections that contain the cone’s vertex are called degenerate conics and are not covered on the Math Level 2 Test.
Conics are also defined in terms of points in the coordinate plane. Formulas for the distance between two points and the distance between a point and a line are then used to derive standard equations of the conics. Each conic has a pair of standard equations, depending on whether the conic has an orientation to the x - or y-axis. With one exception described later, these are the only cases covered in the Math Level 2 Test.
A parabola is the set of points that are equidistant from a given point (focus) and a given line (directrix).
• It opens to the left or right.
• The standard equation is (y – k)2 = 4p(x – h).
• The focus is (h + p, k), and the directrix is x = h – p.
• The vertex is (h, k).
• The common distance from the parabola to the focus and directrix is |p |.
• If p > 0, the parabola opens to the right; if p

########
Rank: 5
Score: 46.93693
Retrieved Text: Orbital Motion – Kepler’s Laws Gizmo™.
initial velocity. Click Play. How does this affect the shape of the orbit?
 Turn on Show grid.
component represents north-south speed. The unit of speed is kilometers per second (km/s).
Question: How do we describe the shape of an orbit?
unit (AU), equal to the average Earth-Sun distance.
velocity vector so that v = -8.0j km/s (|v| = 8.00 km/s).
revolution. Sketch the resulting orbit on the grid.
shown by two blue dots. What do you notice about the position of the Sun?
3. Experiment: Try several other combinations of initial position and velocity.
travel around the Sun in elliptical orbits with the Sun at one focus of the ellipse.
flattened. Observe the foci in each ellipse.
A. What do you notice about the spacing of the foci when the ellipse is very round?
B. What do you notice about the spacing of the foci when the ellipse is very flat?
ellipse. There are no units for eccentricity.
6. Draw conclusions: Think about the eccentricity and shape of each ellipse.
A. What is the relationship between the eccentricity of an ellipse and its shape?
 Turn off Show foci and center.
speed of a planet as it traveled around the Sun.
Question: How does the velocity of a planet vary as it travels in its orbit?
be exact). Turn off Show vectors. Click Play. Observe the speed of the planet.
the force of gravity pulling on the planet. Click Play.
as it approaches the Sun and slow down as it moves away from the Sun?
around the Sun, the line will sweep out an area. Click Play, and then click Sweep area.
Record

########
Rank: 6
Score: 45.373917
Retrieved Text: In case you haven’t been keeping up, we’ve been learning about gravity for the past several weeks. Last week we saw how the universal law of gravitation tells us how satellites orbit a planet. Gravity is also a really important part of planetary motion. That’s what we’ll be talking about today.
A line from the sun to a given planet sweeps out equal areas in equal times.
For Kepler, these were just observations. He didn’t know why planets behave this way. But Isaac Newton was on the case. He figured out that these laws are the results of his laws of motion and universal gravitation.
OK, what we have here is an ellipse. There are a few parts of this we should define before we move on. The major axis is the largest dimension. In this picture, it’s basically the length of the ellipse along the x-axis. The semi-major axis the distance denoted with a blue line; it’s half the distance of the major axis. Elliptical orbits have two foci. These two foci are denoted as S and S’. If this were our solar system, the sun would be the yellow dot. It’s one focus. The red dot is the second focus, and there is nothing there.
There is another value we need to keep track of, and that eccentricity. It has nothing to do with your hipster beard or your pet capuchin monkey. It’s the distance of the foci from the center of the ellipse. The smaller the value, the more circular the ellipse. As you may guess, the

########
Rank: 7
Score: 44.179855
Retrieved Text: In the absence of planetary perturbations and nongravitational forces, a comet will orbit the Sun on a trajectory that is a conic section with the Sun at one focus. The total energy E of the comet, which is a constant of motion, will determine whether the orbit is an ellipse, a parabola, or a hyperbola. The total energy E is the sum of the kinetic energy of the comet and of its gravitational potential energy in the gravitational field of the Sun. Per unit mass, it is given by E = %v2 - GMr-1, where v is the comet's velocity and r its distance to the Sun, with M denoting the mass of the Sun and G the gravitational constant. If E is negative, the comet is bound to the Sun and moves in an ellipse. If E is positive, the comet is unbound and moves in a hyperbola. If E = 0, the comet is unbound and moves in a parabola.
In polar coordinates written in the plane of the orbit, the general equation for a conic section is r = q(1+e)/(1 +e cos 0), where r is the distance from the comet to the Sun, q the perihelion distance, e the eccentricity of the orbit, and 0 an angle measured from perihelion. When 0 < e < 1, E < 0 and the orbit is an ellipse (the case e = 0 is a circle, which constitutes a particular ellipse); when e= 1, E = 0 and the orbit is a parabola; and when e

########
Rank: 8
Score: 44.05885
Retrieved Text: The perihelion is the point in a planet's orbit when it is closest to the sun. However, the term can be used for objects other than a planet that orbit a sun as well. The Earth's perihelion occurs in the beginning of January, but the exact date varies slightly depending on the year. Even at this nearest point, the earth still remains 147,166,462 km from the sun.
Determine the semi-major axis of the orbit. The semi-major axis is the distance between the center of the ellipse and the point in the orbit that is furthest from this center point.
Determine the eccentricity of the orbit. Eccentricity can be calculated by dividing the length of the ellipse's major-axis by the distance between the ellipse's two foci.
Subtract the ellipse's eccentricity from the number 1.
Multiply the result of Step 3 by the result of Step 1.
Bagley, Soren. "How to Calculate Perihelion." Sciencing, https://sciencing.com/calculate-perihelion-5344973.html. 24 April 2017.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 43.976124
Retrieved Text: The equation ax2+2hxy+by2+2gx+2fy+c=0 denotes a hyperbola when abc+2fgh-af2-bg2-ch2≠0 and h2-ab>0.
The hyperbola is the locus of a point in a plane such that the ratio of distance of that point from a fixed point, focus, to the ratio of the distance of that point from a fixed line, the directrix, is constant and is always greater than one.
The points where the hyperbola meets the line joining the foci are called the vertices.
The mid point of foci if called the Center.
The line joining the vertices is called the Transverse Axis. The straight line through the centre perpendicular to transverse axis is called the Conjugate Axis.
A hyperbola can also be defined as the locus of a point which moves in a plane such that the difference of its distances from two fixed points(foci) is always constant.
A line segment whose end points lie on the hyperbola.
A chord passing through hyperbola.
A chord perpendicular to the transverse axis.
A double ordinate passing through focus.
Many results of hyperbola can be obtained by just changing the sign of b2 term. However, one should practice deriving the results by hand to practice working with hyperbola.
The tangent drawn at any point bisects the angle between the lines, joining the point to the foci, whereas the normal bisects the supplementary angle between the lines.
The locus of the point of intersection of two perpendicular tangents to a hyperbola is a circle known as the director circle.
Equation of the director circle is x2 + y2 = a2 – b2.
From any point (x1, y1) in general two tangents can be drawn

########
Rank: 10
Score: 43.928238
Retrieved Text: One of the key values used to describe the orbit of one body around another, sometimes spelt 'semimajor axis' and represented in calculations by the letter a. The semi-major axis is fundamental to defining the distance of a body in an elliptical orbit body from the primary focus of that orbit.
For a perfectly circular orbit, the distance between the two objects would be simple to define: it would be the radius of the orbit's circle. In reality, orbits are not perfectly circular: instead they follow an elliptical path, with the orbited body lying at one of the two foci of the ellipse. This means that the distance between the two bodies is constantly changing, so that we need a base value in order to calculate the actual orbital distance at any given time.
An ellipse has two axes, a major axis and a minor axis. The major axis is the longest diameter of the ellipse measured through its centre and both of its foci (while the minor axis is the shortest diameter, perpendicular to the major axis). The semi-major axis is half the length of the major axis, a radius of the ellipse running from the centre, through one of the foci, to the edge. It is thus the longest possible radius for the orbital ellipse. This semi-major axis provides a baseline value for calculating the distances of orbiting objects from their primary body.
The semi-major axis gives a useful shorthand for describing the distance of one object to another (sometimes described as their 'average' distance though, strictly

########
Rank: 11
Score: 42.359016
Retrieved Text: A plot of land in the shape of a vertical ellipse has a pole at each focus. The foci are 8 feet from the center. If the plot of land is 34 feet across the vertical axis, then it is ?(24,30,32, or 36)?feet across the other axis. The eccentricity of the ellipse traced by the boundary of this plot, rounded to the nearest thousandth, is?(0.543, 0.515, 0.471, or 0.459)?

########
Rank: 12
Score: 41.799007
Retrieved Text: In mathematics, an ellipse is a curve in a plane surrounding two focal points such that the sum of the distances to the two focal points is constant for every point. The ellipse was first studied by Menaechmus, investigated by Euclid, and named by Apollonius. The focus and conic section directrix of an ellipse were. The distance from F to P to G is always the same value. In other words, when we go from point "F" to any point on the ellipse and then go on to point "G", we.
The distance between each focus and the center is called the focal length of the ellipse. The following equation relates the focal length f f ff with the major radius. Try this Drag any orange dot. You can change the position of the two focus points (F1, F2). Also drag the point on the ellipse and observe that the sum of the. An ellipse, informally, is an oval or a "squished" circle. In "primitive" geometrical terms, an ellipse is the figure you can draw in the sand by the following process.
Ellipse. Cartesian equation: x2/a2 + y2/b2 = 1 or parametrically: x = a cos(t), y = b sin(t). Click below to see one of the Associated curves. The eccentricity of a ellipse, denoted e, is defined as e:= c/a, where c is half the distance between foci. Eccentricity is a number that describe the degree of. 10 Nov An ellipse with equal width and height is a circle. By default, the first two parameters set the

########
Rank: 13
Score: 39.868237
Retrieved Text: In case you haven’t been keeping up, we’ve been learning about gravity for the past several weeks. Last week we saw how the universal law of gravitation tells us how satellites orbit a planet. Gravity is also a really important part of planetary motion. That’s what we’ll be talking about today.
A line from the sun to a given planet sweeps out equal areas in equal times.
For Kepler, these were just observations. He didn’t know why planets behave this way. But Isaac Newton was on the case. He figured out that these laws are the results of his laws of motion and universal gravitation.
OK, what we have here is an ellipse. There are a few parts of this we should define before we move on. The major axis is the largest dimension. In this picture, it’s basically the length of the ellipse along the x-axis. The semi-major axis the distance denoted with a blue line; it’s half the distance of the major axis. Elliptical orbits have two foci. These two foci are denoted as S and S’. If this were our solar system, the sun would be the yellow dot. It’s one focus. The red dot is the second focus, and there is nothing there.
There is another value we need to keep track of, and that eccentricity. It has nothing to do with your hipster beard or your pet capuchin monkey. It’s the distance of the foci from the center of the ellipse. The smaller the value, the more circular the ellipse. As you may guess, the

########
Rank: 14
Score: 39.77661
Retrieved Text: This video demonstrates the equation of the ellipse. Ellipse is the locus of a point in which moves in a way such that the ratio of its distance from the focus to its distance from the directrix is less than 1.
Uploaded by: second ( Send Message ) on 12-12-2011. Dnatube suggest users to have interest in drug testing, mesothelioma, insurance, medical lawyers.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 39.656445
Retrieved Text: The orbital speed of a body, generally a planet, a natural satellite, an artificial satellite, or a multiple star, is the speed at which it orbits around the barycenter of a system, usually around a more massive body. It can be used to refer to either the mean orbital speed, the average speed as it completes an orbit, or instantaneous orbital speed, the speed at a particular point in its orbit.
if the energy is non-negative: the motion is either for the whole trajectory away from the central body, or for the whole trajectory towards it. For the zero-energy case, see escape orbit and capture orbit.
if the energy is negative: the motion can be first away from the central body, up to r=μ/|ε|, then falling back. This is the limit case of an orbit which is part of an ellipse with eccentricity tending to 1, and the other end of the ellipse tending to the center of the central body.
The transverse orbital speed is inversely proportional to the distance to the central body because of the law of conservation of angular momentum, or equivalently, Kepler's second law. This states that as a body moves around its orbit during a fixed amount of time, the line from the barycenter to the body sweeps a constant area of the orbital plane, regardless of which part of its orbit the body traces during that period of time. This means that the body moves faster near its periapsis than near its apoapsis, because at the smaller distance it needs to trace

########
Rank: 16
Score: 39.119205
Retrieved Text: Comets necessarily obey the same physical laws as every other object. They move according to the basic laws of motion and of universal gravitation discovered by Newton in the 17th century (ignoring very small relativistic corrections). If one considers only two bodies -- either the Sun and a planet, or the Sun and a comet -- the smaller body appears to follow an elliptical path or orbit about the Sun, which is at one focus of the ellipse. The geometrical constants which fully define the shape of the ellipse are the semimajor axis a and the eccentricity e (see Figure 2). The semiminor axis b is related to those two quantities by the equation b = a(1 - e2). The focus is located a distance ae from the center of the ellipse. Three further constants are required if one wishes to describe the orientation of the ellipse in space relative to some coordinate system, and a fourth quantity is required if one wishes to define the location of a body in that elliptical orbit.
Eccentricity is a mathematical measure of departure from circularity. A circle has zero eccentricity, and most of the planets have orbits which are nearly circles. Only Pluto and Mercury have eccentricities exceeding 0.1. Comets, however, have very large eccentricities, often approaching one, the value for a parabola. Such highly eccentric orbits are just as possible as circular orbits, as far as the laws of motion are concerned.
The solar system consists of the Sun, nine planets, satellites asteroids, comets, and various small debris. At

########
Rank: 17
Score: 38.574036
Retrieved Text: Pedro P. asked • 12/05/15 find the eccentricity of the hyperbola if the transverse axis and the conjugate axis are the same length.... Improve your math knowledge with free questions in "Find the eccentricity of a hyperbola" and thousands of other math skills.
An eccentricity less than 1 indicates an ellipse, an eccentricity of 1 indicates a parabola and an eccentricity greater than 1 indicates a hyperbola. Define some terms. Formulas for eccentricity will represent the eccentricity as e.... If the farthest distance of the sun from the earth is 105.5 million km and the nearest distance of the sun from the earth is 78.25 million km, find the eccentricity of the ellipse. Problem Answer: The eccentricity of the ellipse is 0.15 .
Lesson IV: Properties of a hyperbola. Eccentricity e can be, in verbal, explained as the fraction of the distance to the semimajor axis at which the focus lies, where c is the distance from the center of the conic section to the focus.
If the farthest distance of the sun from the earth is 105.5 million km and the nearest distance of the sun from the earth is 78.25 million km, find the eccentricity of the ellipse. Problem Answer: The eccentricity of the ellipse is 0.15 .

########
Rank: 18
Score: 38.542324
Retrieved Text: Solving an Ellipse. Below is a picture that relates the foci, eccentricity, and length of the major and minor axes. We can derive the identities if we recall that if P is a point on the ellipse the sum of the distances from P to the two foci is a constant.... Solving applied problems involving ellipses. Many real-world situations can be represented by ellipses, including orbits of planets, satellites, moons and comets, and shapes of boat keels, rudders, and some airplane wings.
9/02/2013 · A rod of length a+b moves with its ends in contact with the coordinate axes. Show that the point at a distance a from the end in contact with the x-axis describes an ellipse if a not equal to b.... It seems that the CecilLanguage is well suited for solving this problem through its PredicateClasses. Loosely speaking, this is a kind of dynamic inheritance, where an instance can inherit from a class higher or lower in the inheritance graph when its state changes.
It seems that the CecilLanguage is well suited for solving this problem through its PredicateClasses. Loosely speaking, this is a kind of dynamic inheritance, where an instance can inherit from a class higher or lower in the inheritance graph when its state changes.
Miles Mathis: Solution to the Ellipse problem Please note that this paper is a simplification by me of a paper or papers written and copyrighted by Miles Mathis on his site . I have replaced "I" and "my" with "MM" to show that he is talking.
9/02/2013 · A rod

########
Rank: 19
Score: 38.28505
Retrieved Text: This program allows you to convert between orbital elements and position and velocity vectors in cartesian coordinates.
The one-body problem, whereby a small body (such as the Earth) moves subject to the gravitational pull of a massive body (such as the Sun) can be uniquely solved. That is, if one knows the initial position and velocity of the small body, one can solve for its position and velocity at any time in the future (or past).
There are many ways to represent the initial conditions for the small body. One is simply to state its position (x,y,z) and velocity (vx,vy,vz) in cartesian coordinates. Another way is by using the so called orbital elements, the definitions which can be found below.
Note: This program uses dimensionless units. That is, we arbitrarily set GM = 1. This greatly simplifies the representation of the orbital elements.
a: SEMIMAJOR AXIS. This parameter is defined as half the length of the maximum dimension of an ellipse.
e: ECCENTRICITY. This parameter is a dimensionless number that ranges from 0 to 1. It is a measure of how much an ellipse deviates from a circle, whose eccentricity is 0. An ellipse with an eccentricity of 1 would essentially be a straight line with a length equal to twice the semimajor axis of the ellipse.
i: INCLINATION. This parameter is only used in 3-D space and it specifies by how many degrees the 3-D orbit is tilted with respect to some plane (called the reference plane). In 2-D, the orbit lies in the reference plane and, therefore, the inclination is

########
Rank: 20
Score: 37.63716
Retrieved Text: Name given to the satellite by its creator.
The Satellite Catalog Number (also known as NORAD Catalog Number, NASA catalog number, USSPACECOM object number or simply Catalog number and similar variants) is a sequential 5-digit number assigned by USSPACECOM to all Earth orbiting satellites in order of identification. Before USSPACECOM, the catalog was maintained by NORAD. The first catalogued object, catalog number 00001, is the Sputnik 1 launch vehicle.
The orbit ellipse lies in a plane known as the orbital plane. The orbital plane always goes through the center of the earth, but may be tilted any angle relative to the equator. Inclination is the angle between the orbital plane and the equatorial plane. By convention, inclination is a number between 0 and 180 degrees.
Some vocabulary: Orbits with inclination near 0 degrees are called equatorial orbits (because the satellite stays nearly over the equator). Orbits with inclination near 90 degrees are called polar (because the satellite crosses over the north and south poles). The intersection of the equatorial plane and the orbital plane is a line which is called the line of nodes. More about that later.
RAAN wins the prize for most horribly named orbital element. Two numbers orient the orbital plane in space. The first number was Inclination. This is the second. After we’ve specified inclination, there are still an infinite number of orbital planes possible. The line of nodes can poke out the anywhere along the equator. If we specify where along the equator the line of nodes pokes out, we will have the orbital plane

########
Rank: 21
Score: 37.29114
Retrieved Text: 1. Basic information about the matrices.
Find the sum of matrices: .
3. What is the determinant order two?
What is the determinant order three?
4. Given a square matrix order n. What is the minor of the element ?
What is the cofactor (algebraic complement) of the element ?
5. Let A is a square matrix order n. Give the definition of inverse matrix.
How to calculate the inverse matrix using a algebraic complement?
Find the inverse matrix: .
6. What actions are called elementary transformations in the matrix?
Describe the method elementary transformations to finding inverse matrices.
7. What is the rank of matrix.
8. The system of m linear equations with n unknowns.
What is the matrix and the augmented matrix of system?
9. The system of n linear equations with n unknowns.
10. Solution of n linear equations with n unknowns by the inverse matrix method.
11. The system of m linear equations with n unknowns.
12. The system of linear homogeneous equations.
13. Let and are vectors in the space.
Find the length of the vector .
How to multiply the vector by constant ?
Find the sum of vectors and .
14. What is the scalar product of vectors and ?
Given a vectors а=(1,-2,0) and b=(5,0,-1). Find the scalar product and angle between them.
15. What is the vector product of vectors and ?
Find the vector product of vectors а=(1,-2,0) and b=(5,0,-1).
16. Linear dependence and independence of vectors.
Investigate, that the vectors x = (3,2, -1), y = (2, -1,3) and z = (1,3, -4) linearly dependent or no?
17. What kind of vectors constitute a basis?
Decomposition of the vector in the basis.
Prove that vectors

########
Rank: 22
Score: 36.934814
Retrieved Text: What is the major axis.
The line that runs through both foci of an ellipse (cuts an ellipse in half).
The first person to observe the four moons around Jupiter.
The only dwarf planet located between Mars and Jupiter.
The belief that the Earth orbits the Sun.
What is Mercury, Venus, Earth, and Mars.
What is the semi-major axis.
Represents the average distance of a planet from the Sun. Half the major axis.
This dwarf planet is larger than Pluto and was discovered in 2003.
The belief that the Sun orbits the Earth.
What is Venus and Uranus.
Name the two planets which experience retrograde rotation.
What is Kepler's first law.
This law states that the orbit of each planet is on an ellipse.
What is the asteroid belt.
Ceres is located in this region of space, between Mars and Jupiter.
What is the Astronomical Unit.
A unit of measurement used to measure distances within the solar system. Also, the average distance between Earth and the Sun.
What is the orbital period of the planet.
what is the variable P?
What is Kepler's third law.
This law states that the orbital period squared equals the semi-major axis cubed.
Proposed that the planets orbited on perfect circles, which influenced centuries of astronomers to believe the same.
What is the Kuiper Belt.
Pluto is located in this region of space, past Neptune.
The apparent backward motion of a planet.
What is the semi major axis.
what is the variable A?
What is Kepler's second law.
This law states that an imaginary line sweeps out equal areas in equal time.
Created a system of circles on circles to explain the apparent backward motion of the planets.
What is "clearing the

########
Rank: 23
Score: 36.576717
Retrieved Text: By standing on the shoulders of giants, Johannes Kepler was finally able to devise his three laws of planetary motion, which are still the leading mathematical theory today.
The one idea that had perhaps the longest lasting impact on astronomy—and was the most detrimental to classical astronomers’ understanding of the universe—was uniform circular motion.
It’s the idea that everything in the cosmos revolves around the center of the universe in perfect circles at constant speeds, never speeding up or slowing down or even changing direction.
This idea was pretty popular when astronomers of the time took a somewhat spiritual approach to astronomy, believing Earth to be a center of chaos and the heavens to be a place of perfection.
The fact is, this idea couldn’t have been further from the truth. Not only was the universe as we know it born out of chaos, but the planets don’t orbit in circular paths, and they don’t even stay at the same speeds.
Kepler defined the shape of a planet’s orbit as an ellipse.
You can see here how astronomers in the past managed to get planetary orbits so wrong. There doesn’t look like there’s much of a difference between the Earth’s real orbit—the elliptical one—and the circular orbit Copernicus thought it had, does there?
Well, as you can also probably see from this diagram, Copernicus had the orbital shape off by enough that his model couldn’t predict planetary motion well. Similar-looking or not, those orbits are off by a couple centimeters just on this screen.
Imagine how far off Copernicus was when you think of

########
Rank: 24
Score: 36.01648
Retrieved Text: This program allows you to convert between orbital elements and position and velocity vectors in cartesian coordinates.
The one-body problem, whereby a small body (such as the Earth) moves subject to the gravitational pull of a massive body (such as the Sun) can be uniquely solved. That is, if one knows the initial position and velocity of the small body, one can solve for its position and velocity at any time in the future (or past).
There are many ways to represent the initial conditions for the small body. One is simply to state its position (x,y,z) and velocity (vx,vy,vz) in cartesian coordinates. Another way is by using the so called orbital elements, the definitions which can be found below.
Note: This program uses dimensionless units. That is, we arbitrarily set GM = 1. This greatly simplifies the representation of the orbital elements.
a: SEMIMAJOR AXIS. This parameter is defined as half the length of the maximum dimension of an ellipse.
e: ECCENTRICITY. This parameter is a dimensionless number that ranges from 0 to 1. It is a measure of how much an ellipse deviates from a circle, whose eccentricity is 0. An ellipse with an eccentricity of 1 would essentially be a straight line with a length equal to twice the semimajor axis of the ellipse.
i: INCLINATION. This parameter is only used in 3-D space and it specifies by how many degrees the 3-D orbit is tilted with respect to some plane (called the reference plane). In 2-D, the orbit lies in the reference plane and, therefore, the inclination is

########
Rank: 25
Score: 35.88018
Retrieved Text: Comets necessarily obey the same physical laws as every other object. They move according to the basic laws of motion and of universal gravitation discovered by Newton in the 17th century (ignoring very small relativistic corrections). If one considers only two bodies -- either the Sun and a planet, or the Sun and a comet -- the smaller body appears to follow an elliptical path or orbit about the Sun, which is at one focus of the ellipse. The geometrical constants which fully define the shape of the ellipse are the semimajor axis a and the eccentricity e (see Figure 2). The semiminor axis b is related to those two quantities by the equation b = a(1 - e2). The focus is located a distance ae from the center of the ellipse. Three further constants are required if one wishes to describe the orientation of the ellipse in space relative to some coordinate system, and a fourth quantity is required if one wishes to define the location of a body in that elliptical orbit.
Eccentricity is a mathematical measure of departure from circularity. A circle has zero eccentricity, and most of the planets have orbits which are nearly circles. Only Pluto and Mercury have eccentricities exceeding 0.1. Comets, however, have very large eccentricities, often approaching one, the value for a parabola. Such highly eccentric orbits are just as possible as circular orbits, as far as the laws of motion are concerned.
The solar system consists of the Sun, nine planets, satellites asteroids, comets, and various small debris. At

########
Rank: 26
Score: 35.787777
Retrieved Text: In the absence of planetary perturbations and nongravitational forces, a comet will orbit the Sun on a trajectory that is a conic section with the Sun at one focus. The total energy E of the comet, which is a constant of motion, will determine whether the orbit is an ellipse, a parabola, or a hyperbola. The total energy E is the sum of the kinetic energy of the comet and of its gravitational potential energy in the gravitational field of the Sun. Per unit mass, it is given by E = %v2 - GMr-1, where v is the comet's velocity and r its distance to the Sun, with M denoting the mass of the Sun and G the gravitational constant. If E is negative, the comet is bound to the Sun and moves in an ellipse. If E is positive, the comet is unbound and moves in a hyperbola. If E = 0, the comet is unbound and moves in a parabola.
In polar coordinates written in the plane of the orbit, the general equation for a conic section is r = q(1+e)/(1 +e cos 0), where r is the distance from the comet to the Sun, q the perihelion distance, e the eccentricity of the orbit, and 0 an angle measured from perihelion. When 0 < e < 1, E < 0 and the orbit is an ellipse (the case e = 0 is a circle, which constitutes a particular ellipse); when e= 1, E = 0 and the orbit is a parabola; and when e

########
Rank: 27
Score: 35.5758
Retrieved Text: Notion studied by Euler and by Miquel in 1838.
Other name, given by Miquel: syntrepent curves, literally "that turn together".
Two curves and are called mating profiles associated to the centres of rotation O1 and O2 (the gear hubs) if can turn around O1 and around O2 so that the two curves always are in contact (i.e. tangent without slipping on one another).
The get the curve when the curve , the hub O1 and the distance d = O1O2 are given, one only has to determine the movement of a plane over a fixed plane the base of which is and a roulette of which is the circle with centre O1 and radius d: the rolling curve is then the curve .
In the case of a rolling movement of the two curves in opposite directions: If the polar equation of is written , the polar equation of is where g is defined by: . In other words, a polar parametrization of is .
If the polar equation of is written , the polar equation of is where g is defined by: . In other words, a polar parametrization of is .
If the polar equation of is written , the polar equation of is .
Remark: this distinction makes sense only if we consider and are nonnegative. If we accept negative values, the second case is equivalent to the first one by changing into its opposite.
Remark: By the Descartes theorem, the contact point between the two mating profiles is always aligned with the two hubs.
- if is a circle with radius

########
Rank: 28
Score: 35.379837
Retrieved Text: In this lesson the professor continues with the solution for the motion in a central field by obtaining the equation for the orbits. Then he focus in the solutions for the Kepler problem were he calculates the orbits in terms of trigonometric functions, he disciuses then all the posibles orbits depending on the energy of the particle confirmig the reasoning done in the past lesson. In the secound part of the lesson he discusses the motion of the planets as seeing from the earth and calculates the orbital eccentricity.
Definition of the Orbit Eccentricity, the solar system case.
As an example of the solution of the two body problem in a central field this video shows the binary star orbits. The center of mass is shown as the 'x'. Here the mass ratio of the stars is 2 and the eccentricity is 0.4. Other mass ratios and eccentricities available on this channel.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 34.99702
Retrieved Text: The satellite systems dedicated for global coverage are comprised of constellations of low Earth orbit (LEO) and geostationary Earth orbit (GEO) satellites . The satellite’s launching process toward geostationary orbit because of too large distance form the Earth, takes few steps. In the first step the satellite is injected into a low Earth circular orbit (LEO). In the second step, the satellite’s orbit is transformed from the low Earth orbit into an elliptical transfer orbit by maneuvers at perigee, in order to attain the apogee equal to geostationary (GEO) orbit’s radius. Finally, the satellite is placed from the elliptical transfer orbit to the final destination, as geostationary orbit [2,3]. The geostationary orbit is unique faced with too close proximity of satellites in this orbit. To avoid mutual interferences and collision, a method of multi-satellites separation has to be applied .
This paper is concerned about the second phase of launching process; concretely the simulation of the transformation process from a low Earth orbit to an elliptical transfer orbit considering different low Earth orbit attitudes is given. Through analysis and simulation it is calculated what injection velocity has to be applied at low Earth orbit in order to attain the apogee which corresponds to the radius of final planned orbit.
Firstly, the parameters of elliptical orbit are given, then the relationship between the injection velocity at perigee and apogee incremental step is concluded. This mathematical relationship is further applied for simulation model, and finally simulation results are provided.
The path of the satellite’s motion is an orbit. Generally, the orbits

================



======= Instance Index 504 =========
Input Text: The word "prohibition" has multiple meanings. Does it have the same meaning in sentences 1 and 2? Yes or no?

Sentence 1: They were restrained by a prohibition in their charter.
Sentence 2: In 1920 the 18th amendment to the Constitution established prohibition in the US.

Target Text: No

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 55.197582
Retrieved Text: The National Prohibition Cases were seven legal cases that challenged the constitutionality of National Prohibition in 1920. They challenged the 18th Amendment, which established nation-wide prohibition. The National Prohibition Cases also challenged the law that enabled Prohibition to be enforced. That was the National Prohibition Act of 1919. It is commonly known as the Volstead Act.
The lead case was Rhode Island v. Palmer. Because they were similar, six other cases were grouped with it. They were heard together and decided together. There were a number of arguments, but the plaintiffs focused on what they considered procedural defects. They sought injunctions against the Volstead Act.
The decision was announced by Justice Willis Van Devanter on June 7, 1920. The vote was seven to two, upholding both the 18th Amendment and the Volstead Act.
Wayne Wheeler of the Anti-Saloon League, explained the plaintiff’s major contentions and the Court’s decisions point by point.
Plaintiffs contended that that the resolution submitting the 18th Amendment was invalid. It omitted the words ‘deemed it necessary,’ which are in the Constitution. The Court held that Congress ‘deemed it necessary’ or it wouldn’t have submitted the resolution.
Plaintiffs argued that the resolution was invalid because two-thirds of congressional members had not approved it. The Court held that only two-thirds of a quorum was needed.
Plaintiffs asserted that the Constitution requires a referendum in each state for ratification. The Court held that the Constitution only requires a state legislature or convention to approve ratification.
Plaintiffs maintained that because the words ‘˜intoxicating liquor’ were not in the Constitution, it was not possible

########
Rank: 1
Score: 47.852516
Retrieved Text: Prohibition began in West Virginia in 1914, years before it was a reality for the nation as a whole. Supporters had long tried to prohibit the sale of alcohol in the state. In 1883, a prohibition amendment passed the House of Delegates by a 49-14 vote but was defeated in the Senate, 15-11. In 1888, a prohibition amendment to the state constitution was defeated during the general election by 34,887 votes.
By 1910, 37 of the state’s 55 counties were completely dry or allowed the prohibition of the sale of liquor under local option laws. In 1911, the legislature approved the submission of another prohibition amendment to the people. This time it was ratified, in the general election of November 1912, by a majority vote of 92,342 votes. Statewide prohibition became law at midnight June 30, 1914.
The prohibition law, article 6, section 46, of the state constitution, rigidly controlled all products containing even small amounts of alcohol. The few exceptions were in the field of pharmaceuticals and in religious practices. State prohibition was enforced under the Yost Law, passed by the legislature in 1913 and creating the Department of Prohibition.
As prohibition spread among the states Congress adopted the Webb-Kenyon Act of 1913, which made it illegal to ship intoxicants via interstate commerce from wet states to dry states. In 1917, the Reed ‘‘bone-dry’’ amendment to the Post Office Appropriation Act forbade liquor shipment into states that prohibited manufacture and sale within the state but allowed importing.
The 18th Amendment to the U.S. constitution finally brought full national prohibition.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 46.473656
Retrieved Text: I am going to try to post a new pair of questions each day. One general knowledge that I will try and link to the day and then an (possibly loosely) associated set of lyrics to be identified.
January 14th 1878 - Alexander Graham Bell demonstrated his telephone to which regal personage?
And I'd guess Queen Vic for the first part!
Nice new thread Mister L I love the tune.
And you let him? That's most unlike you.
On this day in 1974 the quintessential cool dude and his friends appeared on TV for the first time. What was the program?
And you will have a great life plan.
I will let 2BB give the answers though.
Last edited by Miss Hybrid on January 15th, 2012, 12:10 pm, edited 1 time in total.
ELO ELO, ELO, is it Horace Wimp???
I do like this quiz thread, I even know some of the answers..
On this day in 1920 a dry spell that lasted until 1933 hit which country?
I had no idea that you might know that one.
Would you be referring to prohibition in the USA Mr Larss?
I do like your answer Miss, very clever..
Yes PK prohibition it is.
Would anyone like to proved which amendment to the constitution approved and which repealed prohibition?
The 18th Amendment tarted Prohibition and the 21st repealed it.
Miss V Clever Knickers or is it Cleaver CamelToe?
Right, so to recap today's answers.
Prohibition in the US began on 16th January 1920, the 18th amendment having been ratified on the same date the previous year. The 21st amendment repealed this amendment 13 years later.
It was a two

########
Rank: 3
Score: 45.801678
Retrieved Text: The Willis-Campbell Act was passed by Congress in 1921. It was during the second year of National Prohibition (1920-1933). The purpose of the law was to limit the right of physicians to prescribe medicinal alcohol to their patients.
The 18th Amendment to the U.S. Constitution established National Prohibition. But the Amendment was very brief. It lacked specifics, such as a definition of alcoholic beverage, any exemptions for religious use, and so on. So the Volstead Act was passed to provide the details needed to enforce Prohibition.
U.S. Attorney General Mitchell Palmer was a Prohibitionist. Nevertheless, he had ruled that the the National Prohibition Act (known as the Volstead Act) did not limit the authority of physicians to prescribe alcohol for medicinal purposes. Proponents of Prohibition (‘drys’) saw this as a distressing loophole in the law.
Two drys, Senator Frank Willis and Representative Robert Campbell, introduced a bill to address the matter. It was titled An Act Supplemental to the National Prohibition Act. The bill passed the House (250 to 93) and the Senate (39 to 20).
The Willis-Campbell Act is sometimes called the anti-beer law and the beer emergency bill. It permitted physicians to prescribe only wine or distilled spirits to patients. Neither could exceed 24% alcohol by volume. That equals 48 proof. It also limited the number of prescription forms the government could issue to a doctor to 100 per month. The law further limited the total total amount of alcohol that could be prescribed to any patient. It was one pint per person per ten-day period.
Physicians objected that

########
Rank: 4
Score: 44.087463
Retrieved Text: If you loved beer, living in the United States between 1920 and 1933 was an incredibly sad time. During this time prohibition had been in effect and it was illegal for any form of alcohol to be sold or consumed.
While we did have prohibition in Canada, which began in most provinces between 1916-1918, it was more short lived. Most of the provinces had repealed their prohibition laws to allow for some sort of sale of alcohol by 1923. Many repealed their laws in 1918. Here in Manitoba, we kept the prohibition law on the books until 1923.
In Manitoba after 1923 there remained a fairly restrictive liquor act in effect until 1956. The act allowed only for the purchase of 24 quarts a week or 72 quarts of beer per month. Liquor could only be consumed at home and it was illegal to barter or transport alcohol. 10 rate payers could also stop the establishment of a licensed premise or a beer vendor and as we know Steinbach remained dry until 2008.
You can see a pretty interesting run down of liquor laws in Manitoba here.
Prince Edward Island kept prohibition on the books the longest. Their law remained in effect until 1948!
But why is it New Beers Eve? Well the beginning of the end started with the passing of the Cullen-Harrison Act on March 22nd, 1933. This legislation enacted the 21st amendment to the US Constitution which repealed the 18th amendment which had enacted prohibition. The 18th amendment had been in effect since January 17th, 1920.
Take a look

########
Rank: 5
Score: 43.989468
Retrieved Text: The Old Lone Star Brewery complex is located at 200 West Jones Avenue, downtown San Antonio, county of Bexar, in the U.S. state of Texas. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1972.HistoryThe design of the complex has been described as "...done up with turrets and battlements the way Mad King Ludwig of Bavaria might have done it, if he had been a St. Louis beer brewer." It was built with funding from San Antonio businessmen John H. Kampmann and Edward Hope, as well as St. Louis businessman Adolphus Busch, who was president of the Lone Star Brewing Company.In 1920 the 18th Amendment to the U.S. Constitution and the resulting Volstead Act prohibited alcoholic beverages in the country. During this period, the brewery housed the Lone Star Cotton Mills. Prohibition ended in the United States in 1933 when the 21st Amendment to the U.S. Constitution repealed the 18th Amendment. However, by that time the building had been temporarily abandoned, and the original brewery owners never occupied it again. The Lone Star name was taken over by a new company that opened a plant at 400 Lone Star Boulevard in San Antonio. The complex was occupied by several different businesses for three decades until it was sold to the San Antonio Museum Association in the 1970s. It is currently home to the San Antonio Museum of Art.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 43.818275
Retrieved Text: On October 18, 1931, Al Capone was convicted of Tax evasion.
While Capone ran a wide range of illegal businesses, his focus was on illegally selling alcohol during the Prohibition Era.
The 18th Amendment to the Constitution, one of the so-called Progressive Amendments, prohibited the manufacture, sale or transportation of alcohol, as well as the importation or exportation of it. It went into effect in 1920, and was repealed in 1933.
Why do you think it is called a “progressive” amendment?
The 18th Amendment was repealed by the 21st Amendment—the only time this has happened. It was repealed because, on one hand, it was widely broken, and on the other, it was seen to be contributing to criminal activity, such as that of Capone. Can you think of other examples of laws which were repealed as a result of widespread disregard?
What effect do you think it has on the rule of law, one of the foundations of a good society, when unpopular laws are widely ignored?
Can you think of other examples of laws which were repealed as a result of widespread disregard?
2, Oct. 2018, Meme with Al Capone [Digital image]. Retrieved from <google.com>.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 42.54832
Retrieved Text: It is a little hard to imagine restriction of alcoholic beverages in the United States, but history bears witness that this indeed ensued for all of 14 years between 1920 and 1933.
Prohibition in America was caused by the 18th Amendment to the United States Constitution prohibiting beverages consisting of alcohol. It came into effect on January 16, 1920 making it illegal to produce, sell or transport liquor in the country.
To uphold this cause, the Volstead Act also became law. This contained all the methods by which the 18th Amendment was intended to be applied. There were curtained exceptions just for medicinal and religious purposes.
There were three main parts to this statute, and the first was to bring about the dis-allowance of cocktails that were intoxicating. The following was to set a regulatory system into place to address the manufacturing, selling and transportation of liquor that was not meant for drinking. Lastly, the objective of this law was also to make sure that alcohol was in regular supply for medical study and production of consumer goods as well as religious ceremonies.
In terms of making history, this was the first amendment that implemented a time delay. While it was certified on January 16, 1919, it only came into force in January of the next year.
There were a number of states that had launched state wide prohibition even prior to the law came into effect. Folks who stood behind the cause of prohibition observed the completion of a 50 year fight to abolish alcohol. They belonged to what is

########
Rank: 8
Score: 41.994617
Retrieved Text: Enforcement was difficult because the gangs became so rich they were often able to bribe underpaid and understaffed law enforcement personnel and pay for expensive lawyers. Constitution and to prohibit the manufacture and sale of intoxicating liquors. Major , such as 's and 's , became rich and were admired locally and nationally. A raid on Detroit's once netted the mayor, the sheriff, and the local congressman. Volstead Act Fact 6: Anti-Saloon League attorney Wayne Wheeler drafted both the 18th amendment on Prohibition and the Volstead Act. It did not specifically prohibit the purchase or use of intoxicating liquors. The Act contained a number of exceptions and exemptions.
Da Capo Press, 2003, p. Seeing this loop-hole early, a member of the Stratford Club in New Orleans custom built and stocked two new huge cellars with over 5000 bottles of wine. Da Capo Press, 2003, p. There were only 134 agents designated by the Prohibition Unit to cover all of Illinois, Iowa, and parts of Wisconsin. Subsequently, the House of Delegates of the voted to submit to Congress a bill to remove the limit on the amount of whiskey that could be prescribed and questioning the ability of a legislature to determine the therapeutic value of any substance.
Volstead Act Fact 3: The purpose of the law was to prohibit intoxicating beverages, regulate the sale, manufacture, or transport of intoxicating liquor. The creation of the in 1935 defined a modest role for the federal government with respect to alcohol and its taxation. This trend in bootlegging liquor created a

########
Rank: 9
Score: 41.25087
Retrieved Text: It was created sometime around 1920 by bartender Fosco Scarselli at Bar Casoni in Florence. It was first made for, and named after, Count Camillo Negroni who frequented Bar Carsoni and drank Americanos. The story goes that he requested a stronger, more potent and less watery Americano. Fosco obliged by adding gin and removing the soda.
On January 17 1920 prohibition came into effect in the US as a result of the 18th amendment.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 41.01859
Retrieved Text: Today marks the 82nd anniversary of the end of the disastrous "noble experiment" called Prohibition. The 18th Amendment of the US Constitution was ratified on January 16, 1919 and went into effect one year and a day later. Enforced by the Volstead Act of 1919, Prohibition outlawed the sale of beer and intoxicating liquors within the US. Though it succeeded at dramatically reducing the consumption of alcohol, Prohibition resulted in a dramatic increase in criminal activity and made criminals out of everyday citizens.
You can read the news article from the Daily News, printed December 6th, 1933, concerning the end of Prohibition here.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 40.743526
Retrieved Text: Party Like It’s 1933…It’s Repeal Day!
Today there is a reason to celebrate! Today is Repeal Day! Three weeks after taking office, Franklin Roosevelt signed an amendment rescinding the Volstead Act on December 5, 1933, which put an end to Prohibition. Prohibition lasted a long 13 years, 10 months, and 19 days. This was the only U.S. constitutional amendment ever rescinded.
Aren’t you glad we didn’t live back then? But how did we end up there in the first place?
The Women’s Christian Temperance Union believed that alcohol was the cause of many social issues, which is why they began promoting Prohibition for many years. People were killed, as well as lots of bars were vandalized. Congress passed the 18th Amendment on January 16, 1919, which would supposedly ended crime, poverty, mental illness, and drunkenness by outlawing alcohol.
However, during Prohibition organized crime rose. Respect for the law diminished and drunkenness, crime, and resentment towards the federal government ran rampant. Over the next thirteen years, the number of repeal organizations increased, while the support for Prohibition decreased due to people being aware of the problems that Prohibition had caused in its wake. In 1932, Franklin D. Roosevelt ran for President and included the repeal of Prohibition as part of his platform.
On December 5th, 1933, the 21st was ratified. The amendment still allowed for state and local levels of Prohibition, but by 1966 there were no state laws banning alcohol.
Speakeasies were illegal, but became extremely popular during Prohibition. Some speakeasies were operated by people who were involved with organized crime. Though

########
Rank: 12
Score: 39.4451
Retrieved Text: In 1920, the 18th Amendment was enacted, banning the sale of alcohol across the country. However, in our “land of steady habits,” alcohol consumption was a habit that proved hard to break. In the CPTV original documentary, Prohibition: Connecticut Goes Dry, filmmakers Jennifer Boyd and Sara Conner explore Connecticut’s unique role in the prohibition movement, from the early temperance advocates of Litchfield to the lawless rum runners of Long Island Sound. The film explores the creation, rise and fall of prohibition in the state. Length: 1 hour.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 38.932526
Retrieved Text: Over on Through the Shattered Lens Presents the Oscars, we are reimagining Oscar history, one year at a time. Today, we take a look at 1920. Prohibition goes into effect, women finally get the right to vote, Harding is elected President, D.W. Griffith finally gets some recognition, and Fatty Arbuckle is the most popular man in Hollywood!
1920 was a year of many changes.
On January 16th, the 18th Amendment went into effect and prohibition became the law of the land. Suddenly, it was illegal to transport and sell alcohol in the United States. As social reformers rejoiced, the government grew and ordinary citizens started to hoard whatever liquor they had. (Selling alcohol was illegal but drinking it was not.) Perhaps the people happiest about prohibition were the gangsters who now had a totally new market to exploit.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 38.700977
Retrieved Text: The saga began with ratification of the 18th Amendment, which banned the manufacture, sale, or transportation of alcoholic beverages in the United States. * High-minded crusaders and anti-alcohol organizations had helped push the amendment through in 1919, playing on fears of moral decay in a country just emerging from war. The Volstead Act, spelling out the rules for enforcement, passed shortly later, and Prohibition itself went into effect on Jan. 1, 1920.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 38.634247
Retrieved Text: The vast majority of Americans, Prohibition Party members excluded, will admit alcohol prohibition was a dismal failure. The so-called noble experiment, which lasted from January 16, 1920 until December 5, 1933, has a lot of similarities with the War on Drugs, and a few differences.
The primary difference between the two forms of prohibition is the most notable: alcohol prohibition became the law of the land via constitutional amendment while drug prohibition became law of the land by simple passage of legislation. While I am by no means a constitutionalist, I must ask why prohibition of one substance required the constitution be amended, while another form of prohibition did not. But I digress.
Another key difference is that during alcohol prohibition, consumption of alcohol was not prohibited. The History Channel reports, “The 18th Amendment only forbade the ‘manufacture, sale and transportation of intoxicating liquors’.” Whereas today, under federal statute, it is illegal to merely posses cannabis, cocaine, heroin, or any other substance on the list of Controlled Substances without a valid prescription. However, the Controlled Substances Act states that any substance listed as Schedule I: “has a high potential for abuse… has no currently accepted medical use in treatment in the United States… [and] There is a lack of accepted safety for use of the drug or other substance under medical supervision.” In essence because cannabis is listed as a Schedule I substance at the federal level, despite recognition in more than 20 states of cannabis having medicinal qualities, no prescription is recognized as a valid defense against

########
Rank: 16
Score: 38.02612
Retrieved Text: Amendments to the US Constitution have generally been of three types: expansion of citizen protections from government interference with their lives, providing greater participation in the process of government or technical government organization. Only the Eighteenth Amendment acted as a restriction on freedom and it has been the only amendment repealed.
The Bill of Rights set specific limits on federal government power and defined procedures to protect natural rights. The Fifteenth, Nineteenth, Twenty-Third and Twenty-Sixth all expanded voting rights. The Twelfth, Twentieth, Twenty-Second and Twenty-Fifth made technical changes in the government. The Eighteenth prohibited alcoholic beverages. It was different and unsuccessful.
Americans continue to live with the unintended consequences of the Eighteenth Amendment today.
From the Founding, the United States was divided over the issue of slavery. It took The Civil War between the Slave and Free states to resolve that issue. Another division between the states started in 1851 when Maine banned alcoholic beverages. This would become the division between the Wet and Dry states.
Though Georgia had banned alcohol in 1735, that experiment was abandoned in 1742. With the Maine ban in 1851, a century old movement gained traction and by 1855 twelve other states had also banned alcoholic beverages. States that had banned alcohol became known as “dry” States. States allowing the manufacture, sale and consumption of alcohol became known as “wet” States.
The Civil War interrupted the efforts to ban alcohol, but afterward groups like the National Prohibition Party, Women’s Christian Temperance Union (WCTU) and Anti-Saloon League, gained strength. The Temperance Movement promoted regulations upon alcohol from

########
Rank: 17
Score: 37.10589
Retrieved Text: Sir Winston Churchill, visiting the US on a 40-stop lecture tour years saw to it that he was medically prescribed alcoholic spirits.
The early part of the 20th century was a very different time – politicians were widely respected leaders, smoking was encouraged as a means of stress relief, and alcohol was almost universally believed to harness powers to remedy sickness. But in the United States, for almost all of the 1920’s and the early part of the 1930’s, prohibition disenfranchised the average American from one of society’s great pastimes.
The leaders of the prohibition movement were alarmed at the drinking behaviours of Americans, concerned about a deeply ingrained culture of drinking among some sections of the population that, with continuing immigration from Europe, would only spread. Therefore after ratification the previous year, on January 17, 1920, the Eighteenth Amendment to the U.S. Constitution came into effect, taking away the license to do business from brewers, distillers, vintners, and the wholesale and retail sellers of alcoholic beverages. ‘Bootlegging,’ the illegal production and distribution of alcohol, boomed overnight and created a black market totally unforeseen by the U.S. government. ‘Speakeasies,’ or unregistered establishments illegally selling alcohol, quickly overtook the traditional American saloon, and it’s estimated that there was anywhere between 30,000 to 100,000 speakeasies in New York City alone by the mid-20’s.
But for some, prohibition was a mere stumbling block. Sir Winston Churchill, visiting the US on a 40-stop lecture tour years before either of his terms in office as Prime Minister, saw to it that he was medically

########
Rank: 18
Score: 37.09463
Retrieved Text: A new exhibit looks at Prohibition and its discontents.
These days, you can’t talk about the pro-marijuana movement without one dispensary owner or weed lover citing the failure of Prohibition as a lesson — as in, the legalization of pot can’t be stopped just like booze couldn’t a century ago.
So when the Museum of History & Industry (MOHAI) announced that the new traveling exhibit, “American Spirits: The Rise and Fall of Prohibition” would be coming here, you knew an allegory would be served up one way or another.
The exhibit, organized by the National Constitution Center in Philadelphia, covers the time period from the temperance movement of the 1800s to the repeal of the 18th Amendment, which ended Prohibition.
MOHAI will launch a companion exhibit on June 6, called “21st Century Speakeasy,” which will delve into the topic of marijuana legalization, among other subjects, to connect the dots with Prohibition.
As the nation is “moving toward marijuana legalization,” there are take-away lessons that can be learned from Prohibition, Garfield said.
By 1830, Americans drank the equivalent of four shots a day, which eventually led to the dry period, 1920-1933.
The exhibit makes the case that Prohibition not only had little success but helped launch crime syndicates and made bootleggers such as Seattle’s Roy Olmstead rich.
A former lieutenant with the Seattle Police, Olmstead brought down whiskey from the docks of Victoria, B.C., and Vancouver, Canada, through the Strait of Juan de Fuca. The phone Olmstead used to run his empire, and which eventually doomed him, is on display at the exhibit.
Federal agents arrested

########
Rank: 19
Score: 36.670155
Retrieved Text: Savannah, Georgia offers a ton of awesome places to visit–historical sites, meaningful monuments, yummy restaurants, cool bars and shopping opportunities galore. My daughters and I drove through Savannah at the end of January 2018, and only had a few hours for a brief stop. A total bummer for us!
The American Prohibition Museum opened in Savannah, Georgia on May 29, 2017, and highlights American history, pop culture and societal norms before, during and after the passing of the 18th amendment. As America’s only museum focused on prohibition, the 2-story building features 5,500 square feet of interactive, hands-on exhibits full of historically accurate, alcohol related treasures.
**Fun Fact (or not-so-fun fact, depending on your personal views, LOL) : The 18th amendment was passed in 1919, and put into action from 1920 to 1933–almost 14 years!
Not only does the museum consist of 13 well organized galleries, it boasts 1,100 prohibition artifacts and 30+ realistic, life-sized wax figures.
**Fun Fact: The first thing visitors see upon entering the museum is a beer truck from 1918!
**Fun Fact: Carrie Nation was a hard-core, radical member of the temperance movement and opposed alcohol consumption long before prohibition. To get her message across, she threw rocks, bricks and hatchets into alcohol serving establishments. That’s legit passion.
Exhibits illustrate a time in American history when dividing opinions circled around the sale and drinking of alcohol. The passing of the 18th amendment prohibited the manufacture, sale, transport, import, export, and consumption of all alcoholic beverages. This law affected every citizen one way or another, especially those directly working in

########
Rank: 20
Score: 36.38445
Retrieved Text: Nueces County voted dry on March 10, 1916. The town’s 37 saloons were closed and dark. Saloons would be closed all over the country four years later when Prohibition took effect in January, 1920.
The 18th amendment banned the manufacture, sale and transportation of liquor, but the country was never dry. Prohibition ushered in the era of bootleggers, homemade gin, smuggled hooch, and shameless hypocrisy. Prohibition was a national Big Wink. Everybody was in on the joke.
In Corpus Christi, people drank Jamaica Beer made from vanilla extract, bay rum, and bitters. While these products were prohibited, druggists sold them anyway. Welding shops turned out copper stills, small enough to be loaded on pickups. People set up moonshine stills in backyards, using mesquite wood fuel for copper pots that held corn or grain mash. A problem for backyard bootleggers was disposing of the mash, which one could smell from a mile away.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 36.19333
Retrieved Text: Today is the anniversary of the beginning of Prohibition. One hundred years ago, just a week after Armistice Day and the end of World War I, the US Congress passed the temporary Wartime Prohibition Act. This banned the sale of alcoholic beverages containing greater than 1.28% alcohol, and was intended to save grain for the war effort. This was followed by the Eighteenth Amendment, which was ratified in January 1919, and the country went dry in January of 1920.
The result was a large underground network of illegal drinking clubs: speakeasies. I have wondered how my ancestors may have been affected by Prohibition. I found out with a newspaper search looking for my Linneman family.
Christian “Christ” Linneman was my great-grandmother’s oldest brother. He never married and lived much of his life with his mother or siblings in Monessen, a steel town south of Pittsburgh. I recently wrote about his father’s suicide here. My father remembers Christ as being quiet and and reading his Bible.
Christian Linneman with his sister Elizabeth, my great-grandmother.
Christ worked consistently as a bartender in Monessen – at a hotel, the VFW club, or the Turner Hall, a German social club. He served in World War I from 1918-1919, and in 1920 both Christ and his mother were “stewards” at the Turner Hall.
So it’s not surprising to find an article that mentions Christ in The Daily Republican in neighboring Monongahela, Pennsylvania.
I need to check federal and county records for more information about Christ’s case. A year later, Christ is found working as a laborer at

########
Rank: 22
Score: 35.915264
Retrieved Text: Levine and Reinarmann conclude that rather than instigating it, “the Great Depression provided the necessary context for repeal”. Other factors working against the Eighteenth Amendment preceded the economic crisis of the 1930s, and the anti-Prohibition feeling was strong before this time with groups such as the Association Against the Prohibition Amendment and the Moderation League of New York, formed as early as 1923; thus showing that the Great Depression was more a catalyst than a cause of the Twenty-first Amendment.
In 1925, journalist H.L Mencken summed up the effects of the 18th Amendment in his declaration that “Five years of Prohibition have had, at least, one benign effect: they have completely disposed of the favorite arguments of the Prohibitionists. None of the great booms or usufructs that were to follow the passage of the Eighteenth Amendment has come to pass. There is not less drunkenness in the Republic but more. There is not less crime, but more. There is not less insanity, but more. The cost of government is not smaller, but vastly greater. Respect for the law has not increased, but diminished.” Put simply, Prohibition didn’t work. This was the main cause of the repeal of the Eighteenth Amendment and a factor which brought about many others. Prohibition failed to achieve most, if not all, of its aims during the 13 years it was enforced in the United States.
The Great Depression clearly went against the “economic boom” promised by many of the Prohibitionist leaders: between the years 1929 and 1934 the GNP of America dropped 29%,

########
Rank: 23
Score: 35.73515
Retrieved Text: A 30 minute preview of Prohibition and a Q&A with Ken Burns and Lynn Novick.
This series, directed by Ken Burns and Lynn Novick, tells the story of the rise, rule, and fall of the 18th Amendment to the U.S. Constitution and the era it encompassed. The culmination of nearly a century of activism, Prohibition was intended to protect individuals, families, and society at large from the devastating effects of alcohol abuse. But a faith-driven moral code in the Constitution paradoxically caused millions of Americans to rethink their definition of morality. Thugs became celebrities, authority was rendered impotent. Social mores in place for a century were obliterated. Liquor consumption rocketed, propelling the rest of the culture with it: skirts shortened. Music heated up. America's Sweetheart morphed into The Vamp. Prohibition turned law-abiding citizens into criminals, made a mockery of the justice system, caused illicit drinking to seem glamorous, encouraged neighborhood gangs to become national crime syndicates, and fostered cynicism and hypocrisy that corroded the social contract all across the country. The film raises vital questions that are as relevant today as they were 100 years ago -- about means and ends, individual rights and responsibilities, the proper role of government and finally, who is -- and who is not -- a real American..

########
Rank: 24
Score: 35.61652
Retrieved Text: For the judicial writ of prohibition, see Prohibition (writ).
Prohibition was the period between 1919 and 1933 in the United States and Canada, when the manufacture, purchase, transportation, import, export, and sale of alcoholic beverages was prohibited by the Volstead Act (which became law on January 16, 1920), enforcing Amendment 18 to the United States Constitution (which became law on January 16, 1919). It was repealed in 1933 by Amendment 21. Prohibition went into effect on January 16, 1920 and was finally abolished by passage of the Blaine Act[?] on February 17, 1933.
Prohibition also referred to that part of the Temperance movement which wanted alcohol made illegal. Advocates of prohibition were called Prohibitionists. They had some success even before national prohibition; in 1905 three American states had already outlawed alcohol, by 1912 it was up to 9 states, and by 1916, legal prohibition was already in effect in 26 of the 48 states. After the repeal of the national law some states continued to enforce prohibition laws; Oklahoma, Kansas, and Mississippi were still "dry" in 1948. Mississippi, which had made alcohol illegal in 1907, was the last state to repeal prohibition, in 1966. While there are still some dry counties and communities in the United States, in practice this now means little more than that people wishing to buy alcohol must drive some moderate distance to do so.
While national Prohibition did much to reduce the consumption of alcoholic beverages by Americans, they were still widely available at speakeasies and other underground drinking establishments, and many people kept

########
Rank: 25
Score: 35.348106
Retrieved Text: our modern version of a 1920’s Speakeasy and Whiskey Bar.
The name “Volstead” will forever be associated with an experiment that failed: the National Prohibition Act of 1920, or better known as the 18th Amendment. It was designed to improve health and cut crime but failed miserably. Andrew Volstead, a Granite Falls native authored much of the legislation to enforce Prohibition, known as the Volstead Act.
Our Cocktails are classics from the 1800’s and early 1900’s. In the beginning, everything was simple. People used what they could find, adding new ingredients or processes as they became available. More and more people begin to work with this new trend, everyone adding their own twist or adaptation. The original product begins to get more and more complex as competitors try to outdo each other with the most extreme versions they can find. The product becomes so complex that the people buying the product yearn for something simpler. Food and drink are not immune to this arc. We want to start a movement back to the basics, restoring these classic drinks of the past!
you said you'd do drunk.
"If literature and Painting can have their ages and eras, so then can mixology."

########
Rank: 26
Score: 35.034924
Retrieved Text: Celebrate Repeal Day with Title No 21 Whiskey.
Join in the celebration with Title No 21 Whiskey and Chilled Magazine as we count down to the 85th anniversary of the Repeal of Prohibition. We will be sharing recipe ideas on ChilledMagazine.com and encourage you to share your own Repeal Day cocktail pics and recipes on Instagram @TitleNo21.
On December 5, 1933, the 21st Amendment to the United States Constitution repealed all prohibition on alcohol, setting the American spirit free (again). Title No 21 Whiskey derives its name after this amendment (which repealed the 18th Amendment), ending the 13-year Prohibition era. The aptly named spirit inspires a message from the past to the future celebrating small-batch whiskey.
Title No 21’s bottle and label represent the freedom of that moment up until now; interpreted as Constitutional freedoms allowing us to do everything from honing our whiskey-making craft to freely drinking in bars, and being whoever we want to be.
So raise a glass and toast with us on December 5, 2018 to the 21st Amendment, which gave us back our rights to drink, sell, and make whiskey.
Mix up this riff on the Old Fashioned classic cocktail to get a proper Repeal Day celebration started.
Preparation: Combine ingredients in a mixing glass. Stir with a large-format ice cube until proper dilution and temperature are reached. Garnish with orange zest.
Title No 21 Whiskey has recently expanded its line and added a Rye and Bourbon to join its American Whiskey. In honor of the 85th anniversary of the Repeal of Prohibition, Title No 21 has also

########
Rank: 27
Score: 34.90714
Retrieved Text: Well, I’m sure you noticed that this place you’ve arrived at is known as “Fresno Criminal Defense.” So I’m also sure you’re not expecting me to write about the War in Iraq, or Afghanistan, nor will I — as I did yesterday — have anything to say about the Mexican-American War, although actually all those countries have some kind of tie-in with the War about which I will write: a War we are losing in every possible way.
Like the World Wars after which I modeled those names, the United States, while a key player, is just one piece in the war. Unlike those Wars, there are no heroes: we’re not riding to anyone’s rescue. (The War does let us occasionally do something, though, that the United States has been good at since before it was born: there’s been a lot of “collateral damage” to indigenous peoples.) Like its older siblings, the World Wars, this one has seen our troops distributed around the globe.
Not everyone agrees that this War has been as much a waste of resources and has brought on as much human misery as the original Prohibition.
In other words, as with the original Prohibition, that would require us to admit a colossal mistake.
If only we could destroy everything they’ve done! But, alas, the legacy of this failed War will likely outlast the United States. It has already outlasted the Constitution.
In fact, a fairly strong argument can be made that Drug War II necessitated — and thus it is no surprise that it brought about —

########
Rank: 28
Score: 33.94202
Retrieved Text: How to Violate the Constitution Without Really Trying: Lessons from the Repeal of Prohibition to the Balanced Budget Amendment.
Tribe, Laurence H., "How to Violate the Constitution Without Really Trying: Lessons from the Repeal of Prohibition to the Balanced Budget Amendment." (1995). Constitutional Commentary. 618.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 33.691998
Retrieved Text: Stripped of their Citizenship was any Politician retaining any gift from any foreign power such as a publicly held company controlled by foreign investors. Such was the Campaign reform instituted by the Titles of Nobility Amendment ratified on December 9th, 1812 which became the Original 13th Amendment.
The following Google Book links are to the Original 13th Amendment as Ratified on December 9th, 1812.
It was published for 65 years in various State and Federal publications before the Elite were able to strip it from History – the first 2 links are to books that were published by congressional order of the United States of America.
As Seen at FINDLAW below, the 21st Amendment repealed the 18th Amendment on Prohibition . . yet both are still in the Law books.
However, the Original/Missing 13th Amendment was NEVER repealed, it simply went missing after over 60 years of publications in State Constitutions with No Explanation why.
See page 312 – Also look at the 14th & 15th Articles . . WOW . . where did they come, from and disappear to ?…!!!!!
1839 – A book of the United States; Exhibiting its geography, divisions, Constitution . . .
Is Liberty To Be A Slave of Man or Slave of Messiah?
2 Corinthians 3:17 – Now the Lord is that Spirit: and where the Spirit of the Lord is, there is liberty.

================



======= Instance Index 596 =========
Input Text: The word "mince" has multiple meanings. Does it have the same meaning in sentences 1 and 2? Yes or no?

Sentence 1: A mince of mushrooms.
Sentence 2: Mince tastes really good fried in a pan with some chopped onion and tomato.

Target Text: Yes

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 53.22121
Retrieved Text: 1/4 cup of frozen soy mince – this is completely optional, you can leave it out and the sauce will still be delicious. The soy mince makes it more substantial and adds the “proper ragu” feel to the dish.
Place the onion in a food processor and blitz until it’s has almost like a mince consistency. Transfer the onion to a large frying pan and add the olive oil. Cook the onion on a medium heat until has soften and start to caramelised. Add in the minced garlic and cook for another minute.
Place the peppers into the food processor (no need to wash it) and blitz for few seconds until they are finely chopped up. Add the pepper to the pan together with the soy mince (if using). Cook for 2-3 minutes until all the water from the pepper has evaporated. Add in the passata, tomato puree and sundried tomatoes. Cook the sauce for about 10-15 minutes with the lid on a low heat. If it becomes too dry add a dash of water or more tomato passata.
At last add in the chopped basil and the nutritional yeast.
Cook the gnocchi according to the cooking instructions. Once drained add them to the pan with sauce and a glug of extra virgin olive. Serve straight away with some extra basil and some black pepper.
If you have any leftover sauce you can store it in an airtight container in the fridge for few days.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 52.800156
Retrieved Text: Try this meaty protein-packed vegan beetroot burger for the times when only a burger will do. It's also perfect for BBQs and when you have your carnivore buddies around. The texture and color is very close to meat and it tastes amazing. It's all about the right seasoning to get the flavors right for this special treat.
Finely chop up the onion and then finely grate the beetroot.
Start frying the mince and chopped onion in a pan with some oil and then add all other ingredients and cook until the flavors develop nicely. It shouldn't be too moist as you will otherwise need more of the breadcrumbs and gram flour.
Put the mixture into a large bowl and add the other ingredients from second step. Mix them together first with a wooden spoon and then with your hands until you get a dough-like consistency.
Once you are done take a bit of the mixture, form a ball and then push it flat with the palm of your hand to create a burger shape. Make sure the burgers aren't too thick, as they would take too long to cook.
Pour a generous amount of oil into a griddle pan and fry until they are crispy on both sides and thoroughly cooked on the inside.
While they are frying in the pan put all cashew cheese ingredients into a small powerful blender and blend well until you get a smooth texture.
Once the burgers are fried serve in a bun with a slice of tomato, salad, ketchup or relish, and the cashew cheese on

########
Rank: 2
Score: 50.690075
Retrieved Text: Bolognese sauce – This meat gravy comes from Bologna, the Italian province. It is often called the gastronomic capital of Italy. Traditionally, sauce is served with tagliatelle – Italian noodles. Bolognese is also used to make lasagna and even season mashed potatoes with it.
In the boiling water send the pasta, cook until ready, about 8 minutes.
Before that, add some vegetable oil, bay leaf and salt to the water.
Cut the sauce very finely onion.
We put a cauldron on fire.
In it, we will prepare the bolognese sauce.
We send to the cauldron pork and beef mince.
Add the onion to the minced meat, salt, pepper, mix.
While minced meat is fried, chop finely red and green sweet peppers.
Leave the pasta in a colander to glass the water.
Mince fried, add sweet peppers, stir.
Pepper in minced meat almost fried, add the sweet pepper paprika and tomato sauce.
At the end add garlic.
After 2 minutes you can turn it off.
At the very end, add a little water, mix.
We try on the salt, add oregano, mix.
Turn off, the sauce is ready. Read more: delicious recipe satsivi.
Spread pasta on a plate, spread pasta bolognese on top of the pasta, sprinkle with grated cheese.
Bolognese sauce is a pasta meat sauce, originally from Bologna, Italy.
Cook the pasta, as indicated on the package (I have farfalle).
Finely chop the onions garlic.
Add the mince and cream.
If you have raw mince, then fry it until cooked, constantly stirring and separating the lumps with a wooden spatula until the redness of the meat disappears.
And only then add the cream.
Mix well and simmer on low

########
Rank: 3
Score: 50.390335
Retrieved Text: Homemade cumin flavoured Indian puff pastry stuffed with savoury filling of lightly spiced potatoes and peas.
Homemade cumin flavoured Indian puff pastry stuffed with savoury filling of lightly spiced lamb mince, potatoes and peas. Two samosa per portion.
Sliced onion rings stirred in lightly spiced chick pea batter and dipped fried to golden brown.
Potato, cauliflower and spinach stirred in lightly spiced chick pea batter and dipped fried.
Kebab made of homemade Indian cottage cheese, potatoes and fresh Indian spices dipped fried to golden brown. Six kebab per portion.
Homemade Indian cottage cheese marinated in homemade tandoori masala and grilled in tandoori oven. Five pieces per portion.
Mushroom marinated in homemade tandoori masala and grilled in tandoori oven.
A tender spring chicken marinated in homemade tandoori masala and grilled in tandoori oven.
Succulent cubes of chicken marinated in homemade tandoori masala and grilled in tandoori oven. Five pieces per portion.
Succulent cubes of chicken marinated in yoghurt and homemade achari (Indian pickle) masala and grilled in tandoori oven. Five pieces per portion.
Chicken winglet marinated with ginger, garlic, Indian herbs & spices and finished with chef’s secret sauce. Five pieces per portion.
Savoury mixture of lamb mince and Indian spices skewered and grilled in tandoori oven. Six pieces per portion.
Fish fillet marinated in yoghurt, herbs and spices skewered and grilled in tandoori oven. Five Pieces per portion.
Prawn cutlets marinated in yoghurt, herbs and spices skewered and grilled in tandoori oven. Eight Pieces per portion.
Assortment of tempting 1 x Samosa, 1 x Onion Bhaji, 1 x Pakora and 1 x Paneer Kebab.
Assortment of tempting 1 x Chicken Tikka,

########
Rank: 4
Score: 49.98444
Retrieved Text: • 1 shallot, or a couple tablespoons finely chopped onion.
• 1 slice Vegan Unprocessed Cheese.
• a little extra oil to fry, no more than a teaspoon.
Heat the oil in a frying pan and add the soy mince, shallot or onion and garlic. Fry over low heat until it starts to get dry then add about 50ml water. Cook until the water is fried off, soy mince is cooked and onions are soft.
Warm the wrap up briefly in a dry frying pan so it's pliable. In the centre add some lettuce leaves and the mince mixture. Top with a cheese slice cut in half diagonally then the pickles and some yellow mustard.
Fold both ends over then roll up burrito style. Heat another bit of oil in a pan, I used the same pan I fried the mince in then add the wrap, pressing down to flatten slightly. Keep the heat high, you just want to crisp up the outside and melt the cheese, not wilt the lettuce. Flip over when golden and repeat, again pressing down with a spatula. Transfer to a chopping board and slice in half diagonally. Done.
Simply melt one unprocessed cheese slice onto a hot dog bun (I used the grill) and fill with your favourite vegan hot dog (I use Fry's) then top with a relish made with tangy dill pickles finely chopped with onion and lots of French's mustard. Delicious!
Thanks! Hope you all like it!
I never had a cheeseburger in my whole life. So I guess it is time to try your

########
Rank: 5
Score: 49.870266
Retrieved Text: Frying Pan Lasagna recipe by Zubaida Tariq. This delightful Main Course recipe of Frying Pan Lasagna can be ready in approximately 30 Minutes and good to serve around 2-4 People. Follow all the steps recommended by Chef to get a perfect dish.
To prepare white sauce, add in ½ liter fresh milk, 2-3 tbsp flour, 1 tbsp butter and some salt.
Take some water in the pan and boil lasagna strips and add in 2 tbsp oil in it. When the lasagna is boiled drain the water and put it in the cold water.
Take a frying pan, and add in ½ kg chicken mince, 1 tbsp ginger garlic paste and some salt. Cook till the water dries.
Add in ½ cup tomato ketchup, ½ tsp black pepper and cook it.
Take a small frying pan and add in 2 chopped tomatoes, 1 chopped onion and 1 tsp oil and 1 tsp white vinegar. Sauté it and take it out.
Roast 1 tsp carom seeds and 1 tbsp red chili flakes.
Grease the frying pan and layer the lasagna strips. Add on mince, white sauce, roasted spice, mushrooms, tomatoes and vegetables. Cover it with lasagna strips and repeat the layers.
In the end, cover it with the cheddar and mozzarella cheese. Simmer it till the cheese melts and serve.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 49.84634
Retrieved Text: Allow me to introduce you to some incredibly yummy sweet potato rosti cakes – grated potato cakes.
They are easy to make and perfect to eat as a light lunch or supper together with a big salad. I like to serve them with either a tomato-chilli jam or a tomato salsa/sauce.
I find that it is incredibly handy to have some kind of tomato salsa or sauce in the fridge. When I want something that is quick to make, I simply cook some spaghetti (wholegrain spelt spaghetti in my case) and top it off with some tomato sauce/salsa and either grated parmesan or crumbled feta cheese.
An easy and quick way to make a tomato sauce is to gently fry half a chopped red onion and a couple of crushed garlic cloves in a bit of olive oil for about 5 minutes.
Increase the heat a little and add chopped fresh tomatoes (250g, 9oz)/ or a tin of chopped tomatoes together with a good splash of balsamic vinegar and a tablespoon of tomato puree.
Season with salt and pepper, stir and let it all simmer for a further 10 minutes. If you’ve got some fresh basil, add that as well.
1. Pre-heat the oven to 220C/Fan 200C/425F/gas mark 7. In a bowl, grate the sweet potatoes and red onion. Add the chopped spring onions (scallions), eggs and feta cheese, Season with salt and pepper and mix everything together.
2. Line a baking tray with baking parchment. Add a bit of oil to a frying pan over a medium high heat. Using a tablespoon,

########
Rank: 7
Score: 49.595383
Retrieved Text: Cut ½ kg chicken, 2 tomatoes, 1 capsicum and 1 onion into small cubes.
Heat 3 – 4 tbsp oil in a wok, add 1 tbsp garlic paste along with chicken, fry well till golden brown.
Then add ½ tsp chili powder and all the chopped vegetables. Fry well for 1 – 2 minutes.
Add tomato paste, tomato ketchup, soya sauce, Worchester sauce, vinegar, sugar, Chinese salt and salt to taste. Mix well.
Cook till sauce thickens, remove in a serving dish and serve with fried rice.
Checkout the authentic method of cooking Pan Fried Shashlik from this page. This recipe is different from mine but it looks really tempting, so I am going to try it for sure. Thanks a lot for posting.
This shashlik recipe is so taste and I enjoy cooking this recipe. I try this recipe by chef zakir and find its different from other shashilik recipes I cooked before as taste is so yummy. My all family loves it and appreciates me for cooking it.
Capsicum give a very lovely look when you present this Pan Fried Shashlik with rice as well it is good for the health. I make it when my family wants some chinese dishes to eat.
My experience is also good for making Pan Fried Shashlik because every one in my home really appreciate me when I serve it with rice, this such a tasty dish, many peoples also make pasta to serve it.
Pan Fried Shashlikwith Rice recipe by Chef Zakir. This delightful Main Course recipe of Pan Fried Shashlikwith Rice can be ready in

########
Rank: 8
Score: 49.438652
Retrieved Text: Meat or veggie. A pastry shell filled with lentils, onions, green peppers and herbs.
Unleavened bread made of whole wheat and barley mixed with spiced butter and berbere.
Onion, tomato, butter, berbere cooked together and mixed with homemade bread pieces.
Grilled chicken over romaine lettuce, tomato, bell pepper, shredded carrot, onion.
Pan fried tilapia fish over romaine lettuce, tomato, bell pepper, shredded carrot, onion.
Fresh tomatoes, lettuce, onion, green pepper, jalapeno, awaze (spice) tossed with salad dressing.
Fresh tomatoes, lettuce, onion and green pepper or jalapenos tossed with salad dressing.
Lamb DishesToggle visibility of menu section "Lamb Dishes"
Comes with a side of bread (injera) or rice.
Cubed pieces of marinated lamb sauteed in onion, jalapeno, garlic, ginger, tomato, butter.
Cubed tender lamb fried with onion, rosemary, jalapeno served with spicy awaze sauce.
Savoury lamb cooked in a mildly spiced turmeric sauce with onion, ginger, and tomato.
Freshly made lamb stew cooked with onions and red pepper sauce.
A combination of lamb and beef tibs.
Cubed pieces of marinated beef sauteed in onion, jalapeno, tomato, spiced butter.
Cubed tender beef fried with onion, rosemary, jalapeno served with spicy awaze sauce.
Cubed tender beef cooked with onion, tomato, jalapeno, garlic and awaze sauce.
Chunked cubed beef mixed with homemade awaze sauce, onion.
Finely chopped lean ground beef braised in minced ginger, onion, garlic.
Chopped collard greens cooked with onion, garlic and cubed meat spiced and purified with Ethiopian butter.
Dried beef cooked with onion, tomato, berbere and mixed with injera.
Stripes of beef sauteed and seasoned with Ethiopian butter, onion, garlic, jalapeno.
Beef awaze tibs mixed with injera.
Spiced chickpea flour and cubes of prime beef simmered in berbere sauce

########
Rank: 9
Score: 49.36705
Retrieved Text: Good for at least 6 meals, and it’s easily refrigerated. Prep time of about 10 mins, cook time of about 40. Can be modified to be vegetarian/vegan easily.
Big ol’ vat of soup.
Heat a large soup pan on medium-low; throw some coconut oil in. Mince the onion and begin browning it in the bottom of the pan, and add the garlic. Once the onion has fried for at least 5 minutes, or turned translucent, add 6 cups of water to the pan, put the lid on and bring to a boil on high heat. While waiting, chop/grate the carrot(s), and start frying the bacon.
Voila, you have a whole pot of down-home, hearty pea soup to nourish you on those crisp fall evenings! If this were really my Beppe’s pea soup, truly, I’d have chopped up parsley and added it, as well as swapping out the bacon for chopped up worst (Dutch sausage), but I don’t think the recipe loses anything without the parsley, and as for the meat… bacon isn’t so bad. Not the worst, but more than just an acceptable substitute – the salty crunch is wonderful amongst the more stolid vegetables.
Not a photogenic sort of meal, though.
*Cooking time may vary depending on the heat of your stove and your personal pea soup preferences.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 48.9149
Retrieved Text: Adding different vegetables into the meat component of the meal is a good way of getting kids used to eating vegetables.
Heat stir-fry pan on medium-hot flame. Add mince, onion, celery and carrots. Stir-fry until meat changes colour and the onion is transparent.
Add peas, broccoli, garlic and tomato paste. Stir -fry until meat and vegetable mixture becomes quite dry. Add soy sauce, mix well.
Add hot water, cook for another 5 minutes.
Stir chopped spinach through, season to taste.
Transfer cooked mince into an oven-proof dish or 4 individual dishes. Preheat oven to 180 C.
Spread mashed kumera over the meat and vegetable mixture, sprinkle with salt and pepper and score it with a fork. Spread Parmesan cheese over the top.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 48.856956
Retrieved Text: Prosciutto, peas, light cream vodka sauce.
Chopped romaine, croutons, house made caesar dressing, white anchovies.
Chopped romaine, cucumber, tomato, red onion, black kalamata olives, feta cheese, banana peppers.
Roasted eggplant, ricotta salata, cherry tomatoes.
Mixed greens, grilled chicken, avocado, gorgonzola, bacon, egg, cucumber, tomato, corn.
Crispy eggplant, house blend of cheeses, marinara sauce.
Parmesan, red onion, hazelnut, parmesan cheese, lemon vinaigrette.
Two eggs any style, braised short rib.
Two farm fresh eggs any style, grilled hanger steak.
Parmesan, cheddar, grilled local farm mushrooms.
Freesh market vegetables, goat cheese.
Farm fresh eggs, choice of bacon, Canadian ham or sausage.
Oven roasted clams baked with parmesan bread crumbs, garlic & lemon zest.
Tomato, onion, basil, and balsamic vinaigrette.
Grilled crostini, artichokes, hearts, garlic house cheese blend.
Fried shrimp, spicy boom boom sauce, lemon zest.
Fresh calamari, zucchini chips, marinara sauce.
Tomato carpaccio, cucumbers, arugula, ctirus, chili oil.
Seafood medley of fried shrimp, calamari, fish and zucchini with lemon zest.
Trio of chicken meatballs, fried parsley, fontina tomato sauce.
A trio of bite-size meatballs, basil oil, crispy angel hair pasta.
Mozzarella di bufula, tomato, balsamic vinegar glaze.
Romaine hearts, mixed greens, carrots, toasted walnuts, olives, dried cherries, house balsamic vinaigrette.
Chopped romaine hearts, cucumber, tomato, red onion, black kalamata olives, feta cheese, banana peppers.
Parmesan cheese, red onion, hazelnut, lemon vinagerette.
Romaine hearts, croutons, white anchovies, parmesan cheese topped with grilled chicken breast.
Antibiotic free chicken with locally sourced seasonal root vegetables.
Sundried tomato cream sauce, diced tomato.
House made basil pesto, mascarpone, goat cheese.
Roasted eggplant, zucchini, mushrooms, peas, diced tomatoes, light marinara sauce.
House made hot sausage, red pepper flakes, san marzano tomato sauce.
House made yukon gold potato gnocchi, bolognese sauce.
House made sausage, broccoli rabe, crushed red

########
Rank: 12
Score: 47.911507
Retrieved Text: Chilli Con Carne is a classic hot and spicy dish full of flavour that combines both your carbohydrates and protein in one dish. With the addition of a few spices and here a little touch of curry powder this dish is transformed into a super flavoursome dish. I tend to add other vegetables such as carrot and courgette in this one which not only bulks up the dish but more importantly add extra vegetable which is never too much.
Place a large non-stick saucepan over a medium heat and add a little drizzle of oil then add mince Quorn. Season with a little salt, pinch of cumin powder and cook together for 5 minutes, stirring the mince to break up the lumps and cook evenly.
Once golden remove from the heat set aside. In the same pan add another drizzle of oil, add onion, ginger, garlic, rest of the cumin powder, coriander powder, curry powder, bay leaves and leave to fry gently. Fry together for 1–2 minutes more.
Add the tomato puree stir well followed by the chopped tomato. Sprinkle the chilli powder and stir well.
Leave to cook until almost to half to a thick sauce, add the chopped vegetables, mince, stock and bring back to simmer. Add the drained kidney beans into the pan and stir. Season with a pinch of salt and plenty of freshly ground black pepper.
Simmer it gently on the hob, then cover with a lid. Reduce the heat and leave to simmer gently for 45 minutes, stirring occasionally to make sure the sauce does

########
Rank: 13
Score: 47.821407
Retrieved Text: In a pan or heavy pot lightly brown onion and garlic in olive oil. Add and brown beef mince over medium heat, stirring often. Stir in Bolognese Sauce Seasoning Blend, chopped tomatoes, tomato puree, water and red wine. Simmer together covered on low heat for 30 minutes, stirring occasionally. Remove bay leaf and serve over spaghetti or mix into your favourite pasta. Sprinkle with Parmesan Cheese!
Delicious we tried it with quorn and it was amazing!
This was easily the tastiest Bolognese I’ve ever had. The herbs really came through.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 47.553463
Retrieved Text: (Two Samosa per portion) Flakey pastry, stuffed with mashed potatoes and vegetables, tampered with peas with cumin seeds and fried.
Chopped vegetables dipped in mildly spiced batter, deep fried and served with tamarind sauce.
Chicken wings marinated in spices and lemon juice, deep fried later.
Chicken on the bone marinated in yoghurt and spices, cooked in clay oven.
Minced lamb flavoured with exotic spices, skewerd and finished in clay oven.
Indian style marinated in spices and lemon juice deep fried.
Diced chicken cubes marinated with tandoori spices, yoghurt and roasted in oven, garnished with onion and tomatoes.
Chicken pieces marinated with tandoori spices, yoghurt and fresh cream finished in clay oven served with tangy mint sauce.
A mixture and fine section of a few of the above (samosa, mixed pakoras, chicken tikka and seekh kebab).
Onion bhaji, samosa, mixed pakoras, paneer pakoras.
Chicken tikka, seekh kebab, tandoori chicken.
Tender pieces of boneless chicken, baked in tandoori oven and finished in flavoured sauce.
Succulent tandoori chicken morsets cooked in spicy gravy with green peppers.
Boneless chicken flavoured with coconut, cooked with spices and finished in creamy gravy.
Chicken cooked in a special blend of spices and finished in cashew nut and yoghurt gravy.
Succulent chicken pieces in a medium spicy sauce with green pepper and tomatoes.
Cooked with tomatoes, coriander powder and cumin powder in a rich onion gravy.
Chicken cooked in a delicious cashew nut gravy.
Hot chicken curry straight from the beaches of Goa and comes with rice.
Boneless chicken cooked in a special blend of spices and creamy spinach.
Chicken cooked in a delicious mango flavoured creamy sauce and mildly spiced.
Tender chicken cooked with

########
Rank: 15
Score: 47.395325
Retrieved Text: Pepperoni, tomato, onions, peppers, and cheese. Served with a side of alfredo sauce or tomato sauce for dipping.
crispy fried nacho chips, cheese, sausage, pepperoni, bacon, green and red peppers, onions, chopped tomato and peperoncini peppers topped with alfredo sauce.
garden ripe tomatoes marinated in garlic, onion and fresh basil, served atop warm garlic bread.
home-style ravioli stuffed with a blend of three cheeses, lightly breaded and fried to perfection.
rounds of fresh buffalo mozzaarella, oven baked in a casserole of our own tomato sauce with garlic.
hand-battered onion rings lightly breaded and fried to perfection.
vesuvius - hot and spicy.
pompeii - hot and sweet, they will elave you in ash.
same as wings above but boneless with fries.
two, half-moon shaped pieces of lightly breaded fried mozzarella served with tomato sauce.
soup of the house prepared fresh daily.
green tossed with balsamic dressing and gorgonzola, then topped with hand-cut pieces of pan-blackened tenderloin.
a blend of chopped greens, salami, provolone cheese, peperoncini, olives, and crumbled fontinella cheese.
homemade meatballs served with melted provolone cheese and topped with tomato sauce.
pan fried breast of chicken topped with tomato sauce and melted cheese.
medallions of veal baked with tomato sauce and topped with cheese.
baby eggplant lightly battered layered with a blend of cheeses and baked.
We hand toss our dough and bake on hot stones that reach temperatures up to 700 degrees, much like an old world wood fired brick oven.
delicious hand cut margarita pepperoni on top of our blend of house cheeses.
seasonal oven-roasted vegetables on a bed of melted asiago cheese and a sprinkle of cheddar.
plum tomato sauce, fresh basil, and

########
Rank: 16
Score: 47.167755
Retrieved Text: Sekuwa Goat/ Chicken marinated overnight with ginger, garlic & cumin paste cooked in heavy fried pan, served with green salad.
Chicken Chilli (Boneless) Boneless chicken fried with capsicum, onion, green chilli, tomato sauce garnished with fresh coriander.
Goat Chilli (Boneless) Boneless goat meat boiled, thin sliced, fried with capsicum, onion, green chilli, tomato sauce and garnished with fresh coriander.
Aloo Jeera Spicy cumin potatoes.
Momo Cha (Steam Dumpling) Chicken / mixed veg. wrapped in pastry, served with home-made light tomato soup or sesame & soyabean sauce.
Fried Momo (Deep Fried Dumpling) Chicken / mixed veg with mild spices wrapped in pastry, served with home-made mild tomato chutney.
C Momo (Chilli Dumpling) Dumplings fried with capsicum, onion, green chilli, tomato sauce garnished with fresh coriander.
Sukuti Chow Mein Fresh veg and stir fried noodles with goat jerky and tomato sauce.
Veg Chow Mein Fresh veg and stir fried noodles with tomato sauce.
Chicken Chow Mein Fresh veg and stir fried noodles with chicken and tomato sauce.
Mixed Chow Mein Fresh veg, chicken, goat, eggs stir fried noodles with tomato sauce.
Chicken Thukpa Fresh veg with varieties of noodles served with thin & sour soup.
Mix Thukpa Fresh mix veg, chicken, goat, eggs and mild soup with fresh noodles.
Momo Thukpa (5 pcs Dumplings) Fresh mix veg with boiled noodles combined with momo and thick home-made sauce.
Choyla Fully marinated with hot spices grilled in clay oven dressed with olive and mustard oil.
Bhuttan Fry (Goat) Deep fried in fry pan with ginger & garlic paste.
Sukula (Goat Jerky) Fried in thick pan served with tomato pickle and onion.
Pancha Kwa (Potato & Bamboo Shoot

########
Rank: 17
Score: 46.993237
Retrieved Text: Poppadoms & spiced onions, mixed pakora, any classic curry, rice or plain nan bread.
Poppadoms & spiced onions, mixed pakora, any classic curry, 2 rice & plain nan bread.
Two doner kebabs with chips.
Any two kebabs with mixed pakora.
Any 2 pizza, chips, bottle & 2 dips.
Includes: Cheese & tomato pizza, doner kebab, vegetable pakora, chicken pakora, chips & salad.
Includes: Cheese & tomato pizza, doner kebab, vegetable pakora, chicken pakora, chips, salad & 3 dips.
Includes: Cheese & tomato pizza, 2 chicken burger, 2 cheeseburger, doner meat, chips, salad & sauce.
All starters are served with dips & side salad.
Served with mango chutney & spiced onions.
Vegetable pakora, chicken pakora, mushroom pakora, seekh kebab & chicken chaat.
Vegetable pakora, chicken pakora, mushroom pakora.
Vegetarian chopped potatoes, onions & spinach in a crisp batter coating with fresh herbs & deep fried.
Breast of chicken pieces marinated in fresh garlic, ginger & chilli. Deep fried in spicy batter.
Spicy fish chunks coated with gram flour, cumin, crushed chilli, lemon juice, herbs & shallow fried.
Fresh mushroom marinated in fresh garlic, ginger & chilli. Deep fried in spicy batter.
Savoury pastry filled with chicken or vegetables.
Lamb mince mixed with chopped onions, fresh garlic, ginger, green chilli, punjabi herbs. Skewered and cooked over charcoal.
Chicken mince mixed with chopped onions, fresh garlic, ginger, green chilli, punjabi herbs. Skewered & cooked over charcoal.
Boneless chicken pieces marinated in yoghurt, garlic, ginger, chilli powder , lemon juice, roasted cumin, coriander seeds & cooked in the tandoori.
One chicken leg marinated in yoghurt, garlic, ginger, chilli powder, lemon juice, roasted cumin, coriander seeds & cooked in the tandoor.
Lamb

########
Rank: 18
Score: 46.711014
Retrieved Text: “Nameste, I honour the Place in you in which the entire universe dwells.” I honour the place in you which is of love, of truth, of light and of peace. When you are in that place in you and I am in that place in me, we are one.
Sliced onions mixed with chickpea flour then deep fried.
Cashew nuts, potatoes and peas seasoned with spices wrapped in a crisp pastry.
Lamb mince sautéed in ginger and garlic combined with lightly spiced tableland potatoes enclosed in a light pastry.
Lamb mince gently spiced with cumin, hand-rolled then skewered & grilled in tandoor.
Chicken on the bone marinated in a mouth-watering blend of spices with yoghurt and baked in the tandoor.
Diced chicken fillet marinated in ginger, garlic, immersed overnight in yoghurt and baked in the tandoor.
Fish fillets marinated with mixed Indian spices and then deep fried or roasted in the tandoor.
Samosa, Onion Bhaji, Lamb Sheek, Chicken tikka, pappadum and housemade tamarind & mint chutney.
A southern Indian favourite fillet of fish in a wonderful southern sauce with fresh coriander leaves.
Tender prawns in a rich onion & garlic sauce with green herbs.
Fish or Prawn sautéed with freshly chopped tomato and onion masala finished with fresh coriander and ginger.
Fish or Prawn cooked with mustard seeds & coconut cream, South Indian style served with coriander.
Your selection of succulent meat in a southern sauce with a delicate blend of authentic spices and coconut.
You preferred tender meat tossed with tandoori roasted garlic, fresh tomato, onion and capsicum with coriander.
Our much-loved dish with the meat of your choice with

########
Rank: 19
Score: 46.57697
Retrieved Text: Today I was thinking what to do with some rice leftovers. I know that rice tastes great when they are fried, that is why I simply googled 'fried rice' and found a great idea in Food&Wine website. Actually I found a lot of vegetable main dish ideas! That is a really great site and I'm sure I'll get there again.
1. In a pan or a yok heat some oil and fry your mushrooms until golden brown. Then remove from the pan.
2. Then add some more oil, put red pepper flakes, grated ginger and onion. Fry until fragrant.
3. Increase the heat and add boiled rice, soy sauce and salt.
4. Cook stiring for 2-3 minutes. Remove from the heat and add some sesame oil if you want. Sprinkle some chopped parsley or cilantro. Enjoy!!!
This rice looks great, totally bursting with flavor!

########
Rank: 20
Score: 46.4986
Retrieved Text: Indian cheese cubes marinated with tandoori spices and cooked in the tandoor.
Button mushroom slices cooked with onions and tomato in a medium spiced sauce, served on puri.
Fresh mushroom wedges pan fried with garlic paste.
Salmon fillets marinated with turmeric, lemon juice, ginger, spices then pan fried.
(May contain bones, please be aware)Lightly spiced cod pieces deep fried in batter.
(May contain bones, please be aware) Cod pieces marinated with various spices, ginger, lemon juice and mustard oil.
Prawns cooked with onions, garlic and spices in a medium strength sauce and served on puri.
King prawns cooked with onions, garlic and spices in a medium strength sauce and served on puri.
King prawns marinated with spices, ginger, garlic and lemon juice, skewered and roasted in the tandoor.
Spicy lamb mince discs flavoured with garlic, ginger and coriander cooked on a traditional ‘Tawa’.
Tender lamb cooked with chick peas in a tomato based sweet and sour sauce then served on a batura bread.
Marinated lamb cooked with onions, tomato, cucumber, various spices and chaat massalla, served on a puri.
Tender lamb pieces, onions, green peppers and tomato cooked on a skewer in the tandoori oven.
Marinated chicken breast with onions, tomato and cucumber with various spices and chaat massalla, served on a puri.
Succulent chicken pieces in spicy batter & deep fried.
Succulent chicken pieces, onions, green peppers and tomato cooked on a skewer in the tandoori oven.
Diced chicken cooked with chick peas in a tomato based sweet and sour sauce then served on a batura bread.
A combination of aloo kofta, vegetable samosa, onion bhaji & paneer tikka.
An array of chicken

########
Rank: 21
Score: 46.27839
Retrieved Text: Chilli con carne is the perfect comfort food and this tasty recipe is extra easy to make. Great for whacking on and leaving to cook, serve it with nachos, soured cream, guacamole and grated cheese for an exciting midweek or weekend meal. It stores well and actually tastes better the next day so keep your leftovers for your work lunches or dinner the next night!
1. Sweat the onion, garlic and chilli in 2 tablespoons of olive oil in a large saucepan until softened.
2. Make a well of the onion mixture in the pan and add the mince into the centre of it, stir in until browned.
3. Add the dried spices, tomato puree and Worcester sauce and mix well.
4. Add the tinned tomatoes and leave to cook for about 5 minutes.
5. Add the wine and bring to the boil, before leaving to simmer. Once the sauce has thickened a bit more, add the kidney beans and red wine and leave to cook for around 30-45 minutes on a low heat (although the longer it’s cooked, the better it tastes).
6. Stir occasionally so doesn’t stick to pan, and keep adding the paprika, Worcester sauce, chilli and cumin plus salt and pepper to taste as you go along.
7. Serve on top of tortilla chips, with a good dollop of soured cream, guacamole and some melted cheese grated on top. You can also garnish with red chillis for extra heat.
For a vegetarian alternative, substitue the mince for chickpeas, cannellini beans and roasted sweet potatoes (roast for 40 mins beforehand).

########
Rank: 22
Score: 46.18367
Retrieved Text: This recipe works in combination with: Sausage, Potato & Spinach Bake. This recipe features in these meal plans: Frugal Favourites.
Spicy Italian tomato sauce with sausage meat, mushrooms and spinach and tossed with pasta.
Snip the ends of the sausage skins and gently squeeze out the meat. Heat 1 tbsp oil in a frying pan and fry the sausage meat, breaking it up into mince, for 4-5 minutes, or until browned. Remove the browned sausage meat from the pan and set aside.
Meanwhile, add 1 tbsp oil to the pan and gently fry the onion, garlic and mushrooms for 3-4 minutes, or until the onion is soft. Add the mixed spices and chilli powder and fry for 1 minute. Return the cooked sausage meat to the pan and stir in the chopped tomatoes, tomato purée and mixed herbs. Simmer for 5 minutes, or until the sauce develops a thicker consistency. Add the spinach and stir for 1-2 minutes, or until the spinach leaves begin to wilt. Remove from the heat and season with salt and pepper.
Toss the cooked pasta with the sauce and serve topped with grated Parmesan cheese.
Pasta tossed with a home-made spicy tomato and sausage sauce, topped with Parmesan cheese.
Pasta tossed with a spicy arrabbiata tomato sauce.
Ribbons of omelette tossed in a spicy tomato and mushroom sauce.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 46.01489
Retrieved Text: Rista is a popular Kashmiri Cuisine which takes a lot of efforts to prepare but it’s all worth it. You may have had meat balls or kebabs, Rista is just like that, but softer and tastier. To prepare these you require Minced meat (Keema), but to Prepare Rista, you would require to make them even finer minced meat.
To prepare these you require Minced meat (Keema), but to Prepare Rista, you would require to make them even finer minced meat.
For this you require a special Wooden hammer and wooden log to process the meat into Mince the meat. What the Wooden hammer does is, it makes the meat very fine.
1. Take the boneless mutton and mince the mutton using the Wooden hammer as shown below in picture. It is going to take some time so do it until the meat looks like Halwa. While you are doing all this, try taking out all the fat lines you get in the mutton. We only need flesh for this.
2. Now grind ginger, garlic and green chilly without adding the water. Take minced mutton in a bowl or plate, add grind chilly, coriander leaves, salt and fried onion.
3. Mix it well to make the round balls approximately 3 inches in diameter.
4. Put the round balls in kadhai /pan and cook covered on slow heat till 10 minutes.
5. Now heat the oil in non stick pan and deep fry the cooked balls and keep it aside.
6. For the gravy, Heat the pan with oil, add onion and cook on medium heat

########
Rank: 24
Score: 46.0044
Retrieved Text: Puree of chickpeas, tahini, lemon juice & a hint of garlic.
A salad of crushed wheat with an array of fresh vegetables, pomegranate sauce & spices.
A puree of charcoal grilled aubergine, a hint of garlic, red pepper, tahini, lemon juice, olive oil & yogurt.
Freshly prepared whipped cod roe.
Grilled minced lamb, onions, peppers served with onions.
Seasoned king prawns with white wine, lemon juice, butter, tomato sauce & a hint of garlic.
Deep fried whitebait served with tartar sauce.
Shell on marinated grilled king prawn.
Pan fried lamb pieces with peanuts, served on a bed of hummus.
Pan fried mushrooms and halloumi cheese with garlic & spices.
Deep fried courgette, egg, feta cheese, dill, carrot, mint, flour and spring onion. Served with yoghurt and salad.
Bed of garlic yoghurt, topped with Adana kofte, homemade sauce, finished with grated fried potato strips. Served with salad.
Bed of garlic yoghurt, topped with chiken shish, homemade sauce, finished with grated fried potato strips. Served with salad.
Bed of garlic yoghurt, topped with lamb shish, homemade sauce, finished with grated fried potato strips. Served with salad.
Tomato, cucumber, pepper, onion, parsley with lemon, olive oil dressing and pomegranate sauce.
Finely chopped tomatoes, onion, parsley with lemon, olive oil dressing and pomegranate sauce.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 45.975765
Retrieved Text: These coeliac friendly asian lettuce wraps are incredibly delicious and packed with flavour. As inspired by PF Changs (a Chinese restaurant chain predominately based in the US – a favourite of mine) that serve incredible chicken lettuce wraps – the first time I tried these, I knew I had to create a gluten free version in my own kitchen. I used turkey mince, lots of veg and a few simple ingredients that you can find at your local supermarket. I absolutely LOVED how these came out, the different textures and incredible taste… AND they are surprisingly easy to make! See the recipe below!
In a large pan over a medium/ high heat, add sesame oil and the crushed garlic cloves, followed by the diced onions and carrots and fry until just soft.
Throw a little sesame oil in a separate pan, add the turkey mince and gently fry and break up until the meat is cooked. Add salt & pepper to season. Once done, add the meat to the pan with the carrots and onions.
Next, make the sauce. Mix together the soy sauce, white wine vinegar, fish sauce, sriracha, grated ginger, brown sugar, tomato puree and chilli (if using).
Once combined, add into the pan with a little more salt and pepper.
Finely chop the mushrooms and water chestnuts (if using) and add to the pan. Combine everything well and allow to simmer over a low heat to let the flavours infuse. Add a small splash of water if the mixture looks dry.
Wash and separate your lettuce leaves. Tip: run

########
Rank: 26
Score: 45.878944
Retrieved Text: A quick and easy, restaurant style dish.
Heat oil in pan for deep-frying In a bowl. Add corn flour, rice flour, maida, ginger-garlic paste, red chilli paste, salt, pepper, chilli powder and food colour. Make it in to a paste.
Coat the paneer pieces and deep fry. Once done add the onion cubes,capsicum cubes and green chillies. Once done, strain and keep aside.
For the sauce, saute the finely chopped onion and add the finely chopped ginger and garlic. Saute till it turns brown, then add the red chilli paste and saute it well. Add the tomato sauce, chilli sauce, soya sauce. Add a little bit of water, then add sugar, salt and pepper.
Add fried paneer into the sauce and saute it well.
Easy and convenient receipe compared to others.i made it and it was great.
Coating paneer with the maida-cornflour paste and deep frying it at high flame makes the cubes very sticky...the coated cubes tend to just stick to all of them...what must I be doi g wrong?
what is this orange red colour used ? is it powder one or liquid ?
Tried your recipe tastes very well.
Enjoy this Paneer chilly (Restaurant style) dish from BetterButter!

########
Rank: 27
Score: 45.805786
Retrieved Text: Lots of you come to me because you want to lose weight while being healthy, happy, and enjoying delicious meals! This week, I want to give you a challenge that will help you on all of those counts. Each day for the next week, eat one of these amazing salads!
Chop the romaine leaves. Dice the roma tomato. Finely chop the red onion. Mince the cilantro.
In a dry pan, heat the tomato for the sauce and the serrano peppers until they char, turning several times. Blend the charred tomato and peppers with the salt to create your salsa.
Put the chopped romaine leaves in a large bowl. Top with the chopped roma tomato, black beans, corn, onion, cilantro, and salsa. Yum!
If you’re okay with adding healthy fats, try some avocado on this salad! It goes perfectly.
Shred the purple cabbage. Cut the kale into bite-sized chunks. Shred the carrot. Thinly slice the bell pepper.
Put all of the salad ingredients except the sesame seeds in a large bowl. Pour all of the dressing ingredients on top, squeezing the juice of the lemon half over everything.
Toss the salad very well to blend everything together, and sprinkle with sesame seeds!
Chop the romaine lettuce into bite-sized strips. Chop the celery stalk. Dice the cucumber. Cut the red onion into strips. Mince the cilantro.
Put all of the ingredients for the salad and dressing in a bowl, and toss together to combine thoroughly.
Slice the strawberries. Cut the mango and avocado into bite-sized pieces. Mince the cilantro and finely chop the red onion.
Put all of the

########
Rank: 28
Score: 45.665684
Retrieved Text: Served with the soup of the day, tossed green salad, fried wonton, a fried spring roll and steamed white rice.
Assorted vegetables in a delightful sauce.
Pineapple, tomato, cucumber and onion.
Sauteed with carrots, bell pepper and mushrooms.
Sauteed with onion, carrots, mushrooms.
Sauteed with onions and carrot.
Sauteed onions, carrots, water chestnuts, mushrooms and roasted chili paste.
Sauteed chili, garlic, bamboo shoots, onions and bell pepper, carrot, zucchini.
Sauteed with red curry paste, bell pepper, carrot and Thai herbs.
Coconut milk, roasted peanut, onion, carrots, zucchini, bed on spinach.
Coconut milk, zucchini, green peas, carrots, bell pepper and basil.
Coconut milk, green beans, carrots, bell pepper and basil.
Coconut milk, potatoes, carrots, onion and zucchini.
Pan fried flat rice noodles, egg, chilies, garlic, onion, bell pepper, zucchini, bamboo shoots, basil.
Thai linguini rice noodles, egg, bit of tofu, mince red onion, scallions and beansprout.
Stir fried wheat noodles, egg, garlic, onion, carrots, green cabbage and bamboo shoots.
Coconut milk, onion, potatoes, carrots and zucchini.
Stir fried flat rice noodles, garlic, carrots and broccoli.
Stir fried egg, garlic, chilies, onion, bamboo shoots, bell pepper, basil, carrot and zucchini.
Stir fried egg, onion, green peas, carrots and zucchini.
Sauteed onion, carrots and zucchini.
Grilled satay chicken, peanut sauce and cucumber relish.
Fried white meat chicken tossed in Thai orange tamarind sauce.
Skewers chicken, fried shrimp roll, fresh spring roll, salad & peanut dressing, rice and soup of the day.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 45.59558
Retrieved Text: The lavish environment and the appetizing aroma of food awaits.
Homemade stock with mushrooms,Chicken chunks and cream.
Herbs spices marinated chicken strips surrounding by crispy flour strips deep fried served with hot honey sauce.
Marinated batter beef slice deep fried topped with spicy ginger sauce and garnish with sesame.
Crispy batter fried prawns with iceberg topped with house spicy dressing.
Crispy iceberg lettuce with anchovies mustard dressing topped with grilled chicken breast fillet.
Marinated char grilled topped with sesome.
Spicy house cut char-grilled mutton chops with barbecue sauce.
Char grilled chicken tikka topped with royal special topping.
Traditional cooked mutton pulao with nuts and honey glaze carrot.
Prime cut grilled sliced served on a sizzler with spicy chipotle sauce.
Grilled Chicken Breast Cooked with Olive Oil Garlic, Olives, Tomato and House Special Spices Served On Bed of creamy pasta.
Chicken stuffed with cheese, mushroom, spinach, and jalapeno topped with creamy thai chili sauce accompanied with gratin potato.
Classical alfredo pasta cooked with rich creamy mushroom sauce and chicken.
Penne pasta cooked in marinara sauce with chicken alive mushroom and basil topped with parmesan cheese.
thick circle cut of beef fillet topped with green peppercorn sauce served with sauteed vegetables and mashed potatoes.
House marinated prime cut of tenderloin topped with creamy dijon sauce accompanied with sauteed vegetable and gratin potato.
House marinated prime cut of tenderloin topped with rocket sauce served with sauteed vegetable and baked potato.
House marinated prime cut of tenderloin topped with creamy peppercorn sauce served with sauteed vegetable and rosemary potato.
Spicy prawn curry with creamy coconut sauce.
Pan seared red snapper fillet topped with spicy sauce accompanied with vegetable and gratin

================



======= Instance Index 352 =========
Input Text: The word "militia" has multiple meanings. Does it have the same meaning in sentences 1 and 2? Yes or no?

Sentence 1: Their troops were untrained militia.
Sentence 2: Congress shall have power to provide for calling forth the militia -- United States Constitution.

Target Text: Yes

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 52.764442
Retrieved Text: Recognized as the foremost historian of the Second Amendment, Dr. Halbrook received his Ph.D. in philosophy from Florida State University, and his J.D. from Georgetown University. An attorney in Fairfax, Virginia, Dr. Halbrook has written three books: A Right to Bear Arms: State and Federal Bills of Rights and Constitutional Guarantees (Greenwood Press 1989);That Every Man Be Armed: The Evolution of a Constitutional Right (University of New Mexico Press 1984; reprinted by the Independent Institute, 1990; and Freedmen, the Fourteenth Amendment, and the Right to Bear Arms: 1866-1876 (Westport, CT: Praeger, 1998). The second book may be ordered by calling 1-800-927-7833). A longer version of this article was first published in Valparaiso Law Review, vol. 26, number 1, page 131 (1991). Copyright 1991 by Stephen P. Halbrook.
On this two hundredth anniversary of its adoption, the Second Amendment to the United States Constitution, like certain other provisions of the Bill of Rights, has been subjected to politically-valued, result-oriented interpretation. The Second Amendment provides: "A well regulated Militia, being necessary to the security of a free State, the right of the people to keep and bear Arms, shall not be infringed."
The ostensibly-harmless philosophical declaration about the militia which precedes the substantive guarantee belonging to "the people" has given rise to the argument that the amendment somehow protects only the power of a state to maintain a militia. While harboring no agenda for state militia powers, advocates of this hypothesis strongly oppose firearms ownership by the general public.
There is a hidden history of the Second Amendment which is long

########
Rank: 1
Score: 52.330147
Retrieved Text: Robert Yates, a delegate to the 1787 convention from New York, left on July 10, 1787. He became an Antifederalist leader. Under the nome de plume "Sydney" he wrote in the New York Daily Patriotic Register, June 13 and 14, 1788.
The following contrast is therefore submitted to the public, to show in what instances the powers of the state government will be either totally or partially absorbed, and enable us to determine whether the remaining powers will, from those kind of pillars, be capable of supporting the mutilated fabric of a government which even the advocates for the new constitution admit excels "the boasted models of Greece or Rome, and those of all other nations, in having precisely marked out the power of the government and the rights of the people."
It may be proper to premise that the pressure of necessity and distress (and not corruption) had a principal tendency to induce the adoption of the state constitutions and the existing confederation; that power was even then vested in the rulers with the greatest caution; and that, as from every circumstance we have reason to infer that the Dew constitution does not originate from a pure source, we ought deliberately to trace the extent and tendency of the trust we are about to repose, under the conviction that a reassumption of that trust will at least be difficult, if not impracticable. If we take a retrospective view of the measures of Congress. . . . we can scarcely entertain a doubt but that a plan has

########
Rank: 2
Score: 50.823906
Retrieved Text: According to the Congressional statute cited above, all of the Virginians at issue here are classified as members of “the unorganized militia”. So, first, Congress cannot deny that these people are members of one of “the Militia of the several States”—in this case, of Virginia—because the Constitution provides for no other “militia”. The President cannot deny it, either, because of his constitutional duty under Article II, Section 3 to “take Care that the Laws be faithfully executed”, including the purported “Law[ ]” defining “the unorganized militia”. And the Judiciary is bound by this classification, too, even in the Second Circuit. Second, Congress cannot pass legislation relating to how Virginia may organize, arm, and discipline her own “unorganized militia” for her own particular purposes. Third, a statute of Virginia which organizes, arms, and disciplines Virginians within her “unorganized militia” exclusively for Virginia’s own purposes cannot conceivably violate Article VI, Clause 2 of the Constitution (the so-called “Supremacy Clause”), because: (a) The Constitution explicitly provides for the permanent existence of “the Militia of the several States” as the States’ own establishments—and therefore no purported statute of Congress which contradicts that existence “shall be made in Pursuance [of the Constitution]”, as Article VI, Clause 2 requires. (b) Congress can exercise no power with respect to the Militia with regard to purposes other than the three listed in Article I, Section 8, Clause 15—and therefore, even if Congress could constitutionally provide that the Militia must be “unorganized” (and disarmed and undisciplined as well) for those three purposes, such a decree

########
Rank: 3
Score: 50.441883
Retrieved Text: Dr. Edwin Vieira, Jr., JD -- The Constitution Limits the President Even as "Commander in Chief"
THE CONSTITUTION LIMITS THE PRESIDENT EVEN AS "COMMANDER IN CHIEF"
4. Some "conservatives" further contend that the President requires no license from Congress to employ "force" in "the war on terror" because he is "Commander in Chief," and therefore has "inherent" authority to take whatever actions he believes are appropriate to protect the country. In fact, though, the President's authority as "Commander in Chief" is highly limited. The Constitution appoints "[t]he President * * * [as] Commander in Chief of the Army and Navy of the United States, and of the Militia of the several States, when called into the actual Service of the United States." Article II, Section 1, Clause 1. But the Constitution also delegates to Congress--not to the President--the powers "[t]o make Rules for the Government and Regulation of the land and naval Forces," and "[t]o provide * * * for governing such Part of the[ Militia] as may be employed in the Service of the United States."
Article I, Section 8, Clauses 14 and 16. Plainly, then, the great bulk of authority the President may exercise over the Army, Navy, and Militia is neither "inherent" nor unlimited, but derivative and confined. Within other constitutional limitations, Congress may impose upon the Army, Navy, and Militia whatever rules and regulations for governance it considers necessary and proper; and the President must comply with those rules and regulations, if only for the practical reason that no member of the Army, Navy, or

########
Rank: 4
Score: 47.844395
Retrieved Text: Ratification of the Constitution by the State of New York, July 26, 1788. New York was the eleventh state to do so. The assent of Virginia and of New York was seen as essential to the success of the Constitution, and though they were tenth and eleventh to ratify, it is generally agreed that until they both ratified, succes was in doubt. New York's ratification message is the longest by far, and includes a declaration of rights and many suggested changes to the Constitution. The following text is taken from the Library of Congress's copy of Elliot's Debates.
That all power is originally vested in, and consequently derived from, the people, and that government is instituted by them for their common interest, protection, and security.
That the enjoyment of life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness, are essential rights, which every government ought to respect and preserve.
That the people have a right to keep and bear arms; that a well-regulated militia, including the body of the people capable of bearing arms, is the proper, natural, and safe defence of a free state.
That the militia should not be subject to martial law, except in time of war, rebellion, or insurrection.
That standing armies, in time of peace, are dangerous to liberty, and ought not to be kept up, except in cases of necessity; and that at all times the military should be under strict subordination to the civil power.
That, in time of peace, no soldier ought to be quartered in any house without the consent of the owner, and in

########
Rank: 5
Score: 46.06677
Retrieved Text: A joint resolution (S. No. 50) proposing certain amendments to the Constitution of the United States.
Article 1: In all the territory of the United States now held, or hereafter acquired, situate north of 36 degrees 30 minutes, slavery or involuntary servitude, except as a punishment for crime, is prohibited while such territory shall remain under territorial government. In all the territory south of said line of latitude, slavery of the African race is hereby recognized as existing, and shall not be interfered with by Congress, but shall be protected as property by all the departments of the territorial government during its continuance. And when any territory, north or south of said line, within such boundaries as Congress may prescribe, shall contain the population requisite for a member of Congress according to the then Federal ratio of representationof the people of the United States, it shall, if its form of government be republican, be admitted into the Union, on an equal footing with the original States, with or without slavery, as the constitution of such new State may provide.
Article 2: Congress shall have no power to abolish slavery in places under its exclusive jurisdiction, and situate within the limits of States that permit the holding of slaves.
Article 3: Congress shall have no power to abolish slavery within the District of Columbia, so long as it exists in the adjoining States of Virginia and Maryland, or either, nor without the consent of the inhabitants, nor without just compensation first made to such owners of slaves as do not

########
Rank: 6
Score: 45.015057
Retrieved Text: "To sin by silence makes cowards of us all." Where is the Republicans' call for the censure, or even the impeachment, of President Clinton for his unconstitutional, unauthorized, unfunded and unwise ordering of American troops into a foreign war in the former Yugoslavia?
All right, let's be fair. In Richard Holbrooke's words, it's only half a war. What he said was, "it's half way between war and peace." Clinton has already carried out air strikes against one side.
Article II, Section 2 of the United States Constitution states: "The President shall be Commander in Chief of the Army and Navy of the United States, and of the Militia of the several States, when called into the actual service of the United States."
The two commas in that sentence make it clear that "when called into the actual service of the United States" is a modifier of both "the Army and Navy", and "the Militia." And Congress hasn't called them into service. Our so-eloquently-written Constitution says what it means and means what it says.
The notion that the President himself, as Commander in Chief of the Army and Navy, may dispatch our army and navy wherever and whenever he wishes is heretical not only to the text but to the whole scheme of our Constitution and the intent of its authors.
Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution is even more specific about the military power: "The Congress shall have power . . . To declare war . . . To raise and support armies, but no appropriation of money to that

########
Rank: 7
Score: 44.67559
Retrieved Text: The Harris County DWI attorneys at Trichter & LeGrand, PC are driven by the precious freedom and liberty in America, supported by great sacrifice. The foundational freedom documents set America apart from every other nation and make possible our prosperity. Below is a Bill of Rights transcription which serves as a foundation for all our attorneys in Harris County and throughout Texas.
Congress of the United States?begun and held at the City of New-York, on?Wednesday the fourth of March, one thousand seven hundred and eighty nine.
Constitutional Amendments 1-10 make up what is known as The Bill of Rights.?Amendments 11-27 are listed below.
Section 1.?Neither slavery nor involuntary servitude, except as a punishment for crime whereof the party shall have been duly convicted, shall exist within the United States, or any place subject to their jurisdiction.
Section 2.?Congress shall have power to enforce this article by appropriate legislation.
Section 1.?All persons born or naturalized in the United States, and subject to the jurisdiction thereof, are citizens of the United States and of the State wherein they reside. No State shall make or enforce any law which shall abridge the privileges or immunities of citizens of the United States; nor shall any State deprive any person of life, liberty, or property, without due process of law; nor deny to any person within its jurisdiction the equal protection of the laws.
Section 2.?Representatives shall be apportioned among the several States according to their respective numbers, counting the whole number of persons in each State, excluding Indians not taxed. But when the right to vote

########
Rank: 8
Score: 44.406635
Retrieved Text: Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That each and every free able-bodied white male citizen of the respective states, resident therein, who is or shall be of the age of eighteen years, and under the age of forty-five years (except as is herein after excepted) shall severally and respectively be enrolled in the militia by the captain or commanding officer of the company, within whose bounds such citizen shall reside, and that within twelve months after the passing of this act.
In 1792, the first national legislation detailing the organization of the state militias was enacted after years of debate. Questions of local vs central authority, local need vs uniformity, required service vs substitution, and general militia vs select militia were just a few of the recurring issues that challenged the new country. Republican ideals touted the idea of a citizen-militia who protected liberty and would make the reliance on a dangerous standing army obsolete. But efforts to use the militia on the frontier and in wars as military forces failed. These efforts removed the militia from its traditional localized function and inequalities of service, disorganization, and poor preparation only proved the militia was useless on the worst days or inconsistent on the best. So why did the Founders cling to this ideal? A long tradition of militias used effectively at the local level and political thought that searched for a real alternative to expensive and corruptible standing armies encouraged the Founders to try

########
Rank: 9
Score: 43.982384
Retrieved Text: Here Buchanan was ignoring the reality, which everyone knew, that Lincoln was elected by the political strength of his sectional party which in large measure was derived from the eighth plank of its platform: “We deny the authority of congress, or any territorial legislature, or of any individuals, to give legal existence to slavery in any territory of the United States.” And the Congress, almost as Buchanan’s message reached it, had refused to admit Kansas into the Union, with a constitution that allowed for slavery.
As for Buchanan’s refrain, and Lincoln’s, too, of the Federal Government’s supposed perpetuity, one need merely read the Constitution’s language, in Article VII, to recognize the silliness of that. “The ratification of the conventions of nine States shall be sufficient for the establishment of this Constitution between the States so ratifying the same.”Thirteen States were members of the “perpetual” union of the Articles of Confederation. The Articles specified that no change could be made in them unless all thirteen States consented. Yet, despite these “inviolate” words, once nine states had ratified the constitution their connection to the old Union was broken, without so much as a by-your-leave. This left the four nonconsenting States in the Union’s position, on December 20, 1860, when South Carolinia seceded. What counts in such circumstances is not words but force, the paramount principle of political science.
In essence, Buchanan’s argument, here, like Lincoln’s, is that the Federal Government owns the States by virtue of its power to make war. Unlike Lincoln, though, Buchanan willingly recognized that the secession

########
Rank: 10
Score: 43.881012
Retrieved Text: Perhaps no provision in the Constitution causes one to stumble quite so much on a first reading, or second, or third reading, as the short provision in the Second Amendment of the Bill of Rights. No doubt this stumbling occurs because, despite the brevity of this amendment, as one reads, there is an apparent non sequitur — or disconnection of a sort — in midsentence. The amendment opens with a recitation about a need for "[a] well regulated Militia." But having stipulated to the need for "[a] well regulated Militia," the amendment then declares that the right secured by the amendment — the described right that is to be free of "infringement" — is not (or not just) the right of a state, or of the United States, to provide a well regulated militia. Rather, it is "the right of the people to keep and bear Arms."
"The right of the people to be secure in their persons, houses, papers, and effects, against unreasonable searches and seizures, shall not be violated ...."
"In all criminal prosecutions, the accused shall enjoy the right to a speedy and public trial ...."
"In Suits at common law, where the value in controversy shall exceed twenty dollars, the right of trial by jury shall be preserved ...."
That each of these rights — that all of these rights — are examples of personal rights protected by the Bill of Rights seems perfectly clear. And, were it not for the opening clause in the Second Amendment, though there would still be much to thrash out,

########
Rank: 11
Score: 43.5886
Retrieved Text: They are the executive branch the legislative branch the judicial branch. INTRODUCTION The United States Constitution is the supreme law of the United States of America. Our engaging dynamic exhibits , programs are aligned with state national standards so you can connect your field trip with your classroom plete text & audio of the U. The main image in the set is File: Constitution of the United States, page 1. There are three branches. United states constitution text file.
E the People of the United States in Order to form a more perfect Union, promote the general Welfare, insure domestic Tranquility, our Posterity, establish Justice, do ordain , secure the Blessings of Liberty to ourselves , provide for the common defence establish this Constitution for the United States of America. The United States is a federal republic.
The Constitution of the United States: A Transcription. The United States Constitution is the supreme law of the United States.
If you have a different image of similar quality be sure to upload it using the proper free license tag, add it to a relevant article nominate it. Constitution and its amendments. Each state has its own executive legislative, judicial NSTITUTION OF THE UNITED STATES No Person shall be a Senator who shall not have attained to the Age of thirty Years been nine Years a Citizen of. The Constitution of the United States The Bill of Rights & All Amendments A highly accessible the rest of the Amendments with both sequential , easy to use online version full text transcript including

########
Rank: 12
Score: 43.583206
Retrieved Text: The “necessary and proper” clause has, from the beginning, been a thorn in the side of those seeking to reduce federal power, but its attack by Brutus served to call attention to it, leaving a paper trail of intent verifying its purpose was not to give Congress anything the Constitution “forgot,” but rather to show two additional tests for any legislation Congress should attempt: to wit - that the intended actions would be both necessary AND proper to executing powers given under clauses 1-17 of Article I Section 8. This is the fameous BRUTUS.
This [new] government is to possess absolute and uncontrollable powers, legislative, executive and judicial, with respect to every object to which it extends, for by the last clause of section eighth, article first, it is declared, that the Congress shall have power “to make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution the foregoing powers, and all other powers vested by this Constitution in the government of the United States, or in any department or office thereof. ” And by the sixth article, it is declared, “that this Constitution, and the laws of the United States, which shall be made in pursuance thereof, and the treaties made, or which shall be made, under the authority of the United States, shall be the supreme law of the land; and the judges in every State shall be bound thereby, any thing in the Constitution or law of any State to the contrary notwithstanding. ” It appears from these articles, that there

########
Rank: 13
Score: 43.33702
Retrieved Text: ​Note: The following text is a transcription of the Constitution as it was inscribed by Jacob Shallus on parchment (the document on display in the Rotunda at the National Archives Museum.) Items that are in RED have since been amended or superseded. The authenticated text of the Constitution can be found on the website of the Government Printing Office.
Representatives and direct Taxes shall be apportioned among the several States which may be included within this Union, according to their respective Numbers, which shall be determined by adding to the whole Number of free Persons, including those bound to Service for a Term of Years, and excluding Indians not taxed, three fifths of all other Persons.The actual Enumeration shall be made within three Years after the first Meeting of the Congress of the United States, and within every subsequent Term of ten Years, in such Manner as they shall by Law direct. The Number of Representatives shall not exceed one for every thirty Thousand, but each State shall have at Least one Representative; and until such enumeration shall be made, the State of New Hampshire shall be entitled to chuse three, Massachusetts eight, Rhode-Island and Providence Plantations one, Connecticut five, New-York six, New Jersey four, Pennsylvania eight, Delaware one, Maryland six, Virginia ten, North Carolina five, South Carolina five, and Georgia three.
Collectively, the Bill of Rights are the first 10 Amendments (of the 27 Amendments) to the U.S. Constitution.
​​Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof; or abridging the

########
Rank: 14
Score: 43.285107
Retrieved Text: On this day in 1792, Congress passes the second portion of the Militia Act, requiring that every free able-bodied white male citizen of the respective States, resident therein, who is or shall be of age eighteen years, and under the age of forty-five years be enrolled in the militia.
Six days before, Congress had established the president’s right to call out the militia. The outbreak of Shay’s Rebellion, a protest against taxation and debt prosecution in western Massachusetts in 1786-87, had first convinced many Americans that the federal government should be given the power to put down rebellions within the states. The inability of the Continental Congress under the Articles of Confederation to respond to the crisis was a major motivation for the peaceful overthrow of the government and the drafting of a new federal Constitution.
The Militia Act was tested shortly after its passage, when farmers in western Pennsylvania, angered by a federal excise tax on whiskey, attacked the home of a tax collector and then, with their ranks swollen to 6,000 camped outside Pittsburgh, threatened to march on the town. In response, President Washington, under the auspices of the Militia Act, assembled 15,000 men from the surrounding states and eastern Pennsylvania as a federal militia commanded by Virginia’s Henry Lee to march upon the Pittsburgh encampment. Upon its arrival, the federal militia found none of the rebels willing to fight. The mere threat of federal force had quelled the rebellion and established the supremacy of the federal government.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 42.971436
Retrieved Text: http://www.JewishWorldReview.com | Texas Gov. Rick Perry rattled cages when he suggested that Texans might at some point become so disgusted with Washington's gross violation of the U.S. Constitution that they would want to secede from the union. Political hustlers, their media allies and others, who have little understanding, are calling his remarks treasonous. Let's look at it.
When New York delegates met on July 26, 1788, their ratification document read, "That the Powers of Government may be resumed by the People, whensoever it shall become necessary to their Happiness; that every Power, Jurisdiction and right which is not by the said Constitution clearly delegated to the Congress of the United States, or the departments of the government thereof, remains to the People of the several States, or to their respective State Governments to whom they may have granted the same."
On May 29, 1790, the Rhode Island delegates made a similar claim in their ratification document. "That the powers of government may be resumed by the people, whensoever it shall become necessary to their happiness: That the rights of the States respectively to nominate and appoint all State Officers, and every other power, jurisdiction and right, which is not by the said constitution clearly delegated to the Congress of the United States or to the departments of government thereof, remain to the people of the several states, or their respective State Governments to whom they may have granted the same."
On June 26, 1788, Virginia's elected delegates met to ratify the Constitution. In their ratification document, they said, "The

########
Rank: 16
Score: 42.94837
Retrieved Text: It’s the gun’s fault, It’s gun crime, these are chants of the Socialist left, that somehow an inanimate piece of machinery is responsible for shooting someone. They have totally absolved the responsibility of a human being, who has to physically handle, load, chamber a cartridge, and pull a trigger. All of this noise is in the guise of public safety, the entire effort is for one purpose and that is to disarm the public of the United States.
This has been an ongoing effort going back decades, any tragedy involving a firearm gets dragged into the spotlight to be a reason to ban firearms, cases where a law-abiding gun owner stops a crime is totally ignored or belittled. Recent political events have numerous so-called Democrats declaring that they are Socialist and want a socialist state, under socialism the Constitution and the Bill of Rights become null and void.
The biggest stumbling block for the left is the 2nd Amendment, which guarantees the right of all Americans to own a firearm. A right that gives the American people the right to protect themselves from their own government, it is this Right that the socialist must eliminate to take power.
2nd Amendment: A well-regulated militia being necessary to the security of a free state, the right of the people to keep and bear arms shall not be infringed.
For decades the left has tried to pick apart the 2nd Amendment and when that failed, they have tried back door approaches hidden in laws and regulations to undermine the amendment and deprive American

########
Rank: 17
Score: 42.91302
Retrieved Text: Section 2.  The House of Representatives shall be composed of Members chosen every second Year by the People of the several States, and the Electors, in each State shall have the Qualifications requisite for Electors of the most numerous Branch of the State Legislature.
Section 3.  The Senate of the United States shall be composed of two Senators from each State, chosen by the Legislature thereof, for six Years; and each Senator shall have one Vote.
 Judgment in Cases of Impeachment shall not extend further than to removal from Office, and disqualification to hold and enjoy any Office of honor, Trust, or Profit under the United States: but the Party convicted shall nevertheless be liable and subject to Indictment, Trial, Judgment, and Punishment according to Law.
Section 4.  The Times, Places and Manner of holding Elections for Senators and Representatives shall be prescribed in each State by the Legislature thereof; but the Congress may at any time by Law make or alter such Regulations, except as to the Places of chusing Senators.
Section 5.  Each House shall be the Judge of the Elections, Returns, and Qualifications of its own Members, and a Majority of each shall constitute a Quorum to do Business; but a smaller Number may adjourn from day to day, and may be authorized to compel the Attendance of absent Members, in such Manner, and under such Penalties as each House may provide.
Section 6.  The Senators and Representatives shall receive a Compensation for their Services, to be ascertained by Law, and paid

########
Rank: 18
Score: 42.532185
Retrieved Text: The word "militia" shall mean the military forces provided for in the Constitution and laws of the state of Washington.
The term "organized militia" shall be the general term to include both state and national guard and whenever used applies equally to all such organizations.
The term "national guard" shall mean that part of the military force of the state that is organized, equipped and federally recognized under the provisions of the national defense act of the United States, and, in the event the national guard is called into federal service or in the event the state guard or any part or individual member thereof is called into active state service by the commander-in-chief, the term shall also include the "Washington state guard" or any temporary organization set up in times of emergency to replace either the "national guard" or "state guard" while in actual service of the United States.
The term "state guard" shall mean that part of the military forces of the state that is organized, equipped, and recognized under the provisions of the State Defense Forces Act of the United States (32 U.S.C. Sec. 109, as amended).
The term "active state service" or "active training duty" shall be construed to be any service on behalf of the state, or at encampments whether ordered by state or federal authority or any other duty requiring the entire time of any organization or person except when called or drafted into the federal service by the president of the United States.
The term "inactive duty" shall include periods of drill and such

########
Rank: 19
Score: 42.47056
Retrieved Text: No person shall be a representative who shall not have attained to the age of 25 years, and been seven years a citizen of the United States, and who shall not, when elected, be an inhabitant of that state in which he shall be chosen.
Representatives and direct taxes shall be apportioned among the several states which may be included within this union, according to their respective numbers, which shall be determined by adding to the whole number of free persons, including those bound to service for a term of years, and excluding Indians not taxed, three-fifths of all other persons. The actual enumeration shall be made within three years after the first meeting of the Congress of the United States, and within every subsequent term of ten years, in such manner as they shall by law direct. The number of representatives shall not exceed one for every 30,000, but each state shall have at lest one representative; and until such enumeration shall be made, the state of New Hampshire shall be entitled to choose three, Massachusetts eight, Rhode Island and Providence Plantations one, Connecticut five, New York six, New Jersey four, Pennsylvania eight, Delaware one, Maryland six, Virginia ten, North Carolina five, South Carolina five, and Georgia three.
No person shall be a senator who shall not have attained to the age of 30 years, and been nine years a citizen of the United States, and who shall not, when elected, be an inhabitant of that state for which he shall be chosen.
The times, places and manner

########
Rank: 20
Score: 41.95637
Retrieved Text: The "necessary and proper" clause has, from the beginning, been a thorn in the side of those seeking to reduce federal power, but its attack by Brutus served to call attention to it, leaving a paper trail of intent verifying its purpose was not to give Congress anything the Constitution "forgot," but rather to show two additional tests for any legislation Congress should attempt: to wit--that the intended actions would be both necessary AND proper to executing powers given under clauses 1-17 of Article I Section 8. This is the fameous BRUTUS.
This [new] government is to possess absolute and uncontrollable powers, legislative, executive and judicial, with respect to every object to which it extends, for by the last clause of section eighth, article first, it is declared, that the Congress shall have power "to make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution the foregoing powers, and all other powers vested by this Constitution in the government of the United States, or in any department or office thereof." And by the sixth article, it is declared, "that this Constitution, and the laws of the United States, which shall be made in pursuance thereof, and the treaties made, or which shall be made, under the authority of the United States, shall be the supreme law of the land; and the judges in every State shall be bound thereby, any thing in the Constitution or law of any State to the contrary notwithstanding." It appears from these articles, that there is no need of

########
Rank: 21
Score: 41.73481
Retrieved Text: WASHINGTON (Sinclair Broadcast Group) – Members of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee met Wednesday to discuss the role of the president and Congress when using military force.
On Nov. 14, the committee evaluated a related topic — the president’s power to fire a nuclear weapon — and evaluated the administrative procedures for firing that weapon. That hearing looked at the powers enacted by The Atomic Energy Act of 1946, which places the power of firing a nuclear weapon under political control and not the military.
Wednesday’s hearing focused primarily on Article I and Article II of the U.S. Constitution and the president’s powers to act independently or with the consent of Congress when considering the use of force against an enemy.
“The President shall be Commander in Chief of the Army and Navy of the United States, and of the Militia of the several States, when called into the actual Service of the United States,” according to Article II.
Committee Chairman Bob Corker, R- Tenn., said it is in the nation’s interest to have a strong commander in chief to take quick and decisive military actions in times national security calls for it.
“That authority must be legally sound and be checked by vigorous oversight and engagement from Congress on behalf of the American people. The decision to use military force is one of the most consequential any president can make,” Corker said.
The senator said he was interested in learning more about the tests the president should use to determine if force should be used, how the president should weigh the

########
Rank: 22
Score: 41.644295
Retrieved Text: The powers not delegated to the united states by theconstitution, nor prohibited by it to the states, are reserved tothe states respectively, or to the people. The congress may by law provide for the case of the deathof any of the persons from whom the house of representatives maychoose a president whenever the right of choice shall have upon them, and for the case of the death of any of thepersons from whom the senate may choose a vice presidentwhenever the right of choice shall have sections 1 and 2 shall take effect on the 15th day ofoctober following the ratification of this article. Sections include learning and studying strategies, test preparation and taking, classroom and project participation, reading and writing skills, and more.
The bill of rights had twelve numbered articles but only ten were ratified. Internet found to be useful for enhancing curriculum and teacher professional growth. Send some to yourself to see what your mail client does.
The president shall be commander in chief ofthe army and navy of the united states, and of the militia of theseveral states, when called into the actual service of the unitedstates he may require the opinion, in writing, of the principalofficer in each of the executive departments, upon any subjectrelating to the of their respective offices, and he shallhave power to grant reprieves and pardons for he shall have power, by and with the advice and consent ofthe senate, to make treaties, provided and he shall nominate, and by and with the adviceand consent of the senate, shall

########
Rank: 23
Score: 41.60679
Retrieved Text: The United States Armed Forces which consists of men and women fighting and defending the country does so because of patriotism mainly related to the constitution of the land. The constitution, which is a 200 year old document, has provisions in it that clearly characterize the kind of armed forces that this country should have. The integrity of the US Armed forces is based on three portions of the constitution, these being the Preamble, Article iii, Section IV and the 2nd Amendment.
The preamble of the constitution states that, “"We the People of the United States, in Order to form a more perfect Union, establish Justice, insure domestic Tranquility, provide for the common defense, promote the general Welfare, and secure the Blessings of Liberty to ourselves and our Posterity, do ordain and establish this Constitution for the United States of America. "(Preamble, US Constitution) In this portion of the constitution one would easily notice that the US Armed forces play an important role in the establishment of what the preamble describes to be, ‘a perfect union’.
In this section of the constitution the more vital elements are the insurance of ‘domestic Tranquility’ which translates into the security of all American citizens in their own homeland. The armed forces have a role in this because they are expected to secure the country and its people from external threats that may come from other countries or other hostile forces that do not originate from the United States. An example of this external threat is terrorism. In another section of the

########
Rank: 24
Score: 41.4959
Retrieved Text: The 2nd amendment is a NATURAL RIGHT. We were born with certain “inalienable” natural rights. Natural rights are rights which are “natural” in the sense of “not artificial, not man-made”, as in rights deriving from human nature, or from the edicts of a god. They are universal; that is, they apply to all people, and do not derive from the laws of any specific society. They exist necessarily, inhere in every individual, and can’t be taken away. For example, it has been argued that humans have a natural right to life. They’re sometimes called moral rights or inalienable rights. A right is an inherent, irrevocable entitlement held by all citizens or all human beings from the moment of birth. It is not a privilege granted to one. A privilege can be taken away, a right can not. These natural rights are guaranteed by our Constitution’s Bill of Rights that We The People can keep and bear arms WITHOUT any infringement. Meaning exactly that – NO Rules, Laws or Regulations concerning arms of any type. For is not a rule, law or regulation an infringement? The Bill of Rights are rights the People hold and the Government is suppose to protect. Our Federal Government violated our trust in this concern some years ago and continue to do so to this day. The Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives and its rules, laws and regulations along with any other infringement our Federal Government may or has come up with concerning arms are therefore, in my opinion, unconstitutional.
In

########
Rank: 25
Score: 41.380978
Retrieved Text: The recent opposition to two bills, the House Stop Online Piracy Act (SOPA) and to the Senate Protect IP Act (PIPA) has made almost exclusively policy arguments. There have been a few mentions of the First Amendment being violated, but there is a lack of discussion of how the bills would exceed the authority of Congress under the Constitution as originally understood, even without the First Amendment.
Art. I Sec. 8: "The Congress shall have Power ... "
Cl. 3: "To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes;"
Cl. 8: "To promote the Progress of Science and useful Arts, by securing for limited Times to Authors and Inventors the exclusive Right to their respective Writings and Discoveries;"
Cl. 10: " To define and punish Piracies and Felonies committed on the high Seas, and Offences against the Law of Nations;"
Cl. 18: "To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof."
Art. II Sec. 2 Cl. 2: "[The President] shall have Power, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Senate, to make Treaties, provided two thirds of the Senators present concur;"
So how does one get from these provisions to statutes that make the "theft" of "intellectual property" a crime, and in particular, "piracy"? The answer is, one can't.
It is a reasonable interpretation of Clause 8 to recognize a copyright in a "writing" or

########
Rank: 26
Score: 41.342148
Retrieved Text: Description: TO AGREE TO THE CONFERENCE REPORT ON H.J.RES. 524, CONCERNING THE WAR POWERS OF CONGRESS AND THE PRESIDENT.
Bill summary: (LATEST SUMMARY) War Power Resolution - Declares that it is the purpose of this Act to fulfill the intent of the framers of the Constitution of the United States and insure that the collective judgment of both the Congress and the President will apply to the introduction of the Armed Forces of the United States in hostilities, or in situations where imminent involvement in hostilities is clearly indicated by the circumstances, and to the continued use of such forces in hostilities. Requires (...show more) that the President shall in every possible instance consult with Congress before introducing United States Armed Forces into hostilities or into situations where imminent involvement is clearly indicated by the circumstances. Provides that in the absence of a declaration of war by the Congress, in any case in which the Armed Forces of the United States are introduced in hostilities, or in situations where imminent involvement in hostilities is clearly indicated by the circumstances, such use of the Armed Forces of the United States in hostilities pursuant to this Act shall be reported within 48 hours in writing by the President to the Speaker of the House of Representatives and the President pro tempore of the Senate, together with a full account of the circumstances under which such hostilities were initiated, the estimated scope and duration of such hostilities, and the constitutional and legislative authority under which the introduction of hostilities took

########
Rank: 27
Score: 41.341305
Retrieved Text: The fight for “One Vote, One Person” in the case of Clemons v. U.S. Department of Commerce was decided upon on Monday, December 13, 2010.
His passion for the Constitution and love of country is evident in the personal dedication he gave to press forward in this difficult battle to correct the unconstitutionality of The Re-apportionment Act of 1929 and equal representation.
The actual Enumeration shall be made within three Years after the first Meeting of the Congress of the United States, and within every subsequent Term of ten Years, in such Manner as they shall by Law direct. The Number of Representatives shall not exceed one for every thirty Thousand, but each State shall have at Least oneRepresentative; and until such enumeration shall be made, the State of New Hampshire shall be entitled to chuse three, Massachusetts eight, Rhode-Island and Providence Plantations one, Connecticut five, New-York six, New Jersey four, Pennsylvania eight, Delaware one, Maryland six, Virginia ten, North Carolina five, South Carolina five, and Georgia three.
Up until 1920, Congress had applied this rule of re-apportionment, growing the House, as the voice of the people, proportionally after each census. In 1920, Congress went against the Constitution. The House wanted to grow to 483, but the Senate realized that their power was threatened and thus they killed the bill for 483 House seats.
The Re-apportionment Act of 1929 was the result of this stalemate and has locked the number of House seats at 435. Though the population continued to grow substantially, Congress ignored the Constitution and the intent of

########
Rank: 28
Score: 40.837383
Retrieved Text: Constitution or Form of Government for the People of Florida. 1838. Article VI, Section 1.
Section 1. Every free white male person of the age of twenty-one years and upwards, and who shall be at the time of offering to vote a citizen of the United States; and who shall have resided, and had his habitation, domicil, home, and place of permanent abode in Florida for two years next preceding the election at which he shall offer to vote; and who shall have at such time, and for six months immediately preceding said time, shall have had his habitation, domicil, home, and place of permanent abode in the County in which he may offer to vote, and who shall be enrolled in the Militia thereof, (unless by law exempted from serving in the Militia,) shall be deemed a qualified elector at all elections under this Constitution, and none others; except in elections by general ticket in the State or District prescribed by law, in which cases the elector must have been a resident of the State two years next preceding the election, and six months within the election district in which he offers to vote: provided that no soldier, seaman, or marine in the regular Army or Navy of the United States, unless he be a qualified elector of the State previous to his enlistment as such soldier, seaman, or marine in the regular Army or Navy of the United States or of the Revenue Service, shall be considered a resident of the State, in consequence of

########
Rank: 29
Score: 40.77163
Retrieved Text: The United States Constitution establishes a system of dual sovereignty in which both the federal government and the states may make laws. Although not specifically provided for in the Constitution, a universally-recognized aspect of state sovereignty is state police power, which is the power of a state to pass laws that protect and promote the public health, safety, and welfare of its citizens. Although that power is extremely broad, the Constitution contains both specific and general limitations on the power of states to legislate.
An example of a specific restriction is found in Article I, § 8, which provides that "no state shall enter into any treaty." Making treaties and other agreements with foreign governments has been reserved to the federal government, and thus no state could make a treaty with another country even if making such a treaty might very well be within the police power of the state. The general restriction on state action is found in the second clause of Article VI of the Constitution, commonly known as "the Supremacy Clause." It states that "this Constitution, and the laws of the United States which shall be made in pursuance thereof . . . shall be the supreme law of the land." This means that, while states may legislate in areas not specifically carved out by the Constitution or by Congress as the sole province of federal legislation, if a state and Congress pass legislation that is contradictory, the federal legislation will preempt state legislation. In such a case, any legal challenge to a contradictory

================



======= Instance Index 225 =========
Input Text: The word "act" has multiple meanings. Does it have the same meaning in sentences 1 and 2? Yes or no?

Sentence 1: She wants to act Lady Macbeth, but she is too young for the role.
Sentence 2: I started acting at the age of eleven in my local theatre.

Target Text: Yes

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 52.34946
Retrieved Text: Lady Macbeth had one of the most important roles in the play I believe. Lady Macbeth is far worse than Macbeth. Although they both think of murdering King Duncan as soon as they hear the witches prophecies; Macbeth thinks more about what would happen if he did kill king Duncan, on the hand Lady Macbeth right away to evil spirits to get her the strength to kill King Duncan.
On the other hand Lady Macbeth on receiving the letter telling her about the witches prophecies, she immediately thinks that she and Macbeth will have to kill king Duncan. This is one of the roles the lady Macbeth plays she tells Macbeth what to do. She also decides that Macbeth is too nice to kill the king. Lady Macbeth says this about Macbeth “is too ful o’ the milk of human kindness” and when she hears the Duncan will visit their castle that night she immediately appeals to the evil spirits, to give her the strength to kill the king.
In Act 1, Scene 7, Macbeth is unsure of Lady Macbeth s plot to kill the king. He doesn’t think that he will be able to live with the guilt of killing his king while he is staying under his very roof, and then decides that he will not kill the king. This shows that Macbeth is thinking about what he is going to do, and shows that he does feel guilt, unlike Lady Macbeth who never thinks twice about killing the king and wants him to kill so

########
Rank: 1
Score: 46.2813
Retrieved Text: Lady Macbeth acts as a 'devil in your ear' figure to Macbeth Her character could potentially be interpreted as witch like because her masculine - and thus unnatural for a woman of her time- tendencies towards violence and boundless ambition lead Macbeth �... Lady Macbeth Essay �A dynamic character is an individual that undergoes a drastic character change or revelation.� Lady Macbeth is an ideal example of this kind of character.
Macbeth Summary Notes Macbeth � Author: William Shakespeare Background: Lady Macbeth is reading a letter Macbeth has written her about the witches prediction that he will be king and the prediction that he would gain the title of �Thane of Cawdor� coming true. Lady Macbeth says that Macbeth will be king, but that she thinks he is too nice to kill to get the title. Macbeth is ambition change by design tim brown pdf Extracts from this document... Introduction. Character analysis of Macbeth and lady Macbeth and the differences By Neil It is the development of the characters of Macbeth and Lady Macbeth during the play that makes this character study so vital to Macbeth.
Lady Macbeth - Macbeth�s wife, a deeply ambitious woman who lusts for power and position. Early in the play she seems to be the stronger and more ruthless of the two, as she urges her husband to kill Duncan and seize the crown. what is pareto analysis pdf Lady Macbeth is a strong woman who uses stereotypically feminine tactics, mostly manipulation, to achieve what she wants. At first it seems that she

########
Rank: 2
Score: 44.465263
Retrieved Text: England and it is also where he was later buried when he died (Cousins 18). Macbeth is replying to Lady Macbeth when she asks if he is afraid to do the task of killing Duncan. Lady Macbeth appears to be the more freighting figure (Maternal Power par 1). Entertainment, business, politics, etc. Gender can be seen as a bias both today and in the time in which Macbeth takes place. Show More, section One, biographical Sketch William Shakespeare, the third of eight children and the first boy, was born in 1564 and baptized on 26 April in Holy Trinity Church (Alexander 12). Lady Macbeth is the type of woman that gives orders, instead of taking them.
Shakespeare obviously believes in traditional views concerning gender hierarchy, the questionable element of it, though, is how he conveyed this message. Here Macbeth exhibits weakness, an inability to do something treacherous and soul sullying that was relatively common for men to do in plays written by the likes of Shakespeare. Second is that the catastrophic ending was not unintentional but was for all intents and purpose to scare people into never trying to break tradition. The first is, because Shakespeares plays are suffused with suicide, murder, and death in general, the reader is seeing an integration of gender role reversal with his style of writing which happens to produce a feminists nightmare. It shows power because it shows how one can take charge and get it done. Specifically, the play is about social pressures and the consequent fissures within sexual identity.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 44.324142
Retrieved Text: Finally, a traditional production of The Scottish Play that manages to feel surprisingly young, spry and good as new. If only poor Banquo could say the same.
Macbeth. There. I’ve said it. Aloud. So once every last one of you theater-lovers has finished walking in circles and spitting in doorways so ghosts do not haunt your opening nights and unwrap noisy otherworldly candies through your recognition and reversal monologues, perhaps we can just sit down like normal well-adjusted adults and talk about The Scottish Play.
Wonderful, because the New York Actor’s Ensemble’s current production of Macbeth is worth talking about. There are no gimmicks in this show, no single-gender casting, WWII updating or disco interludes – this here is pure Shakespeare. Very little text was cut, yet somehow the play whizzes by, action-packed, seamless, and vastly entertaining. Of course, there are bumps along the way, but, on the whole, NYAE’s Macbeth was what our professors always told us Shakespeare should be -- riveting, gross, raunchy, insightful and very entertaining.
Of course, our anti-hero Macbeth (played by the excellently on point David M. Mead) does the same thing he always does (next time, just ignore the Weird Sisters!), but Mead brings a approachable just-your-average-guy quality to the role. This is a Macbeth who snuggles up in his new royal robe when no one else is watching – the snuggle lasts only a simple split second, but it subtly expresses both the satisfaction he must be feeling and the intense insecurity. This Macbeth is understandable and relatable – two very welcome

########
Rank: 4
Score: 43.17877
Retrieved Text: One of the main characters in Macbeth, Lady Macbeth, has been an object of intense criticism. Although sometimes regarded as cruel and vile, evidence exists that Shakespeare did not intend for her to be judged so harshly. By evaluating her character in relation to her actions, her overall relationship with Macbeth, and her death, we can see that Shakespeare quite possibly wanted Lady Macbeth to be judged in association with the actions of Macbeth. What appears to others as ruthlessness and ambition, is really her loyalty and love for him. Just as Macbeth is ambitious for the throne, so is Lady Macbeth driven to assist him. All of her actions are done out of devotion and allegiance to Macbeth.
Throughout the play, the character of Lady Macbeth is developed through her actions, which reveal her inner cravings. She plays the important role of one who gives incentive to Macbeth, as well as one who supports him through difficult times. She is the catalyst who starts Macbeth?s thinking. She possesses an aspect which cares for the future of her husband, and therefore inspires him to pursue the possibilities. More important than advocating actions to take the kingship, Lady Macbeth encourages Macbeth to remain strong. When his weaknesses appear, she remains firm. Because of Lady Macbeth, Macbeth achieves success. Once set on attaining the crown, Lady Macbeth pushes Macbeth to remain valiant and assists him in his pursuits.
round/ Which fate and metaphysical aid doth seem/ To have thee crowned withal” (I.v.26-30).
Although it appears that she is monstrous, she is

########
Rank: 5
Score: 42.088463
Retrieved Text: The young British star of Lady Macbeth, King Lear and the BBCs new Le Carr adaptation talks about ambition, being body shamed and Gen Zs new brat pack.. Florence Pugh (born ) is an English actress. She made her professional acting debut in the mystery film The Falling (2014) and had her breakthrough with a leading role in the independent drama Lady Macbeth (2016).. Florence Pugh Actor/SingerSongwriter with a weirdly low voice and a confusing laugh. Tzatziki goes with everything. Fact.. 8 days ago The inspired-by-a-true-story comedy Fighting With My Family, stars Florence Pugh, Lena Headey and Dwayne Johnson.. Florence Pugh is an English actress. She is best known for The Falling (2014 Lady Macbeth (2016 Outlaw King (2018) and Fighting with My Family (2019)..
British actress Florence Pugh is only in her early twenties but already became quite famous. Thanks to one of the main roles on a historical movie Outlaw King from Netflix production.
I can definitely hold my hands up and say wrestling wasnt something that I grew up watching, says English actress Florence Pugh (Outlaw King, Lady Macbeth who nonetheless plays WWE).

########
Rank: 6
Score: 41.988453
Retrieved Text: How exactly does Macbeth arrive at the decision to murder King Duncan?
This scene shows us that Macbeth has no ambitions to become King or Thane of Cawdor. Soon, Ross and Angus arrive and proclaim Macbeth as Thane of Cawdor. This scene has set the seed of ambition in Macbeth although he is able to ignore his ideas. This scene also shows us that the witches have started the ball rolling, as it brings out Macbeth’s fatal flaw, his ambition is suddenly brought to the fore front of his thoughts.
All she now has to do now is convince Macbeth that it is the right thing to do, Lady Macbeth is shown by Shakespeare to be very manly because she is the one telling Macbeth to kill the King.
Lady Macbeth seems to have convinced Macbeth to kill the King as they end the conversation. Macbeth’s character has changed from when we first met him in the play. When we first met him he appeared not to be someone who was very ambitious or at least who hid his ambitions well, now he has become very suspicious of other people because he is worried of being found out. Also deep down in his heart he can’t kill the King without an outside influence which take the forms of the Witches and his wife.
Lady Macbeth is saying that she wants Duncan’s stay at Macbeth’s castle to be as pleasant as possible, here she is doing what she told Macbeth to do, which is look innocent in front of the King

########
Rank: 7
Score: 41.661747
Retrieved Text: There would have been a time for such a word. She comes across as a woman, who is persuasive and manipulative. To what depths have our initial deeds led us? I sat gob smacked considering the creatureï¿½s predictions. She is the most influential person in Macbeth's downfall, next to the witches. Lady Macbeth is not as lifelike or realistic as her husband. So I leave you dear husband, only hoping that you know that I love you, and that I am sorry that I must leave you alone. I still remember a conversation we shared in my dwelling.
Macbeth Act 1 Scene 5 - the milk of human kindness directory search Macbeth Please see the bottom of the page and the highlighted text for full explanatory notes and helpful resources. Lady Macbeth had planned the whole murder, brought the daggers, and even intoxicated the guards, but it is Macbeth who ultimately killed Duncan. Perhaps, when she came to the prophecy of the witches, she felt that she must be alone, and withdrew from the hall of the castle to the chamber in which the scene takes place. I remember the time when we were a young happy couple, so much in love, so much to live for. First she bids the spirits to literally deprive her of her femininity, to thicken her blood, and to stop her ability to weep.
He was well liked by those around him, especially the king. Rain poured hard as we headed towards the heath; I saw a bolt of silver lightening streaking

########
Rank: 8
Score: 41.361225
Retrieved Text: He plans the murder of Banquo in a most careful and business-like manner. He is greatly affected by the words of the witches. Her husband is sickened with regret, but then goes on to murder whoever gets in his way. Her strength motivates him at the start but after he realises what he has done it is himself that continues in his murderous, bloody path. She, who was so in control of her feelings and destiny as much as admits her guilt to a visiting physician and lady in waiting. She wants him to be less human to not feel anything as normal humans feel so he can commit the murder he would not be able to commit if he was as kind as he usually is.
His boldness and impression of personal invincibility mark him out for a tragic fall. Lady Macbeth decides that she will do everything in her power to make him king. My aim in this essay is to explain what Act 1, scene 7 tells us about the characters of Macbeth and Lady Macbeth, and what troubles does Macbeth come across and how does Lady Macbeth persuade him to murder King Duncan. Banquo warns Macbeth of consequences of listening to witches. As the plot proceeds his few good qualities disappear, while the evil become more and more developed. Shakespeare describes him as a ruthless, violent but brave soldier through the mouths of admirers.
Calculated Ambition Lady Macbeth first hears of her husband's good fortune in a letter and right at its heels hears

########
Rank: 9
Score: 41.151962
Retrieved Text: Before starting Macbeth Summary, let’s discuss the author William Shakespeare, who was born in April 23, 1564 and died April 23, 1616 . He was a one of the greatest English writer and the world’s greatest dramatist. He wrote Macbeth play in 1606.
Macbeth proceeds from the point where two generals of the King Duncan’s Army came from the battle after winning it and on their way they found three witches. These two generals were Macbeth and Banquo, the witches predict their future and told them that Macbeth will in future take the place of King Duncan and Banquo will become the father of kings.
Macbeth short summary is a snapshot of a very interesting Macbeth story which tends to be a very interesting plot. When it comes to the Macbeth themes is based on suspense as well as adventure and the role played by the wife of Macbeth is one of an interesting role in the Macbeth act 1 summary. As the prediction was revealed Macbeth runs towards home and discusses the same with his wife, they both then plan to kill King Duncan. They both invited the King at their house and tried to kill him, the king was killed and the two servants of the king were blamed by Macbeth, Macbeth summary gives a very decent insight to the entire story.
Now, coming to the Macbeth act 2 summary, all we can see is that after killing King Duncan now Macbeth wanted to have the power and throne and this amount being true. However, after this

########
Rank: 10
Score: 41.087345
Retrieved Text: In Act 1 Scene 7 of “Macbeth”, Lady Macbeth uses persuasive language to bring Macbeth from a man full of trepidation, to a hardened killer, ready to commit regicide. She does this in a variety of ways. The play was extremely controversial at the time; this was because it effectively reversed the gender roles of society. These roles were imprinted into the very fabric of medieval community; women were seen as inferior to males, and were brutally oppressed by the largely patriarchal society. As a result, shakespearean audiences would be shocked by the role reversal portrayed in Macbeth.
Macbeth’s cowardice and femininity is quite evident here, as he is shirking his ambition to be king. This juxtaposes his “soldier” stereotype, because a soldier is meant to be fearless. . He declares his willingness to risk eternal damnation but realizes that even on earth, murderous actions “return to plague th’inventor”. He then considers the reasons why he shouldn’t kill Duncan: Macbeth is his kinsman, subject, and host; in addition, the king is universally admired as a virtuous ruler. He faces the fact that there is no reason to kill the king other than his own ambition, which he realizes is an unreliable guide.
Extremely emotive language is used, when Lady Macbeth breaks her maternal instincts and says she would have “dashed” her baby’s brains out. A mother is supposed to protect a child with her life, so this would have shocked Shakespearean audiences greatly. It also contradicts her gender stereotype, as women were expected to be mild and gentle.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 40.43055
Retrieved Text: HOME > Shakespeare Summaries > Macbeth Commentary - Act I.
Macbeth Commentary - Act I.
Macbeth Commentary provides a comprehensive description of every act with explanations and translations for all important quotes.
Act I. Scene I. - A desert Heath.
Second Witch: "When the hurlyburly's done, / When the battle's lost and won."
The play begins upon a heath. Thunder and lighting rake the air. Three Witches ask themselves when they shall next meet, deciding that it will be "When the hurlyburly's done, / When the battle's lost and won" (Line 4). This will be later in the day at "the set of sun" (Line 5) upon a heath again where they will meet Macbeth. Together the Three Witches cry, "Fair is foul, and foul is fair: / Hover through the fog and filthy air" (Line 11).
Act I. Scene II. - A Camp near Forres.
A bleeding Sergeant: "For brave Macbeth,-well he deserves that name...."
Macbeth is introduced to us as the brave man who led King Duncan's forces to victory against the traitorous Thane of Cawdor, Macdonwald and The King of Norway, in a battle that could have gone either way were it not for Macbeth's leadership. We learn that Macbeth killed Macdonwald himself in battle. King Duncan, overjoyed, decides to make Macbeth his new Thane of Cawdor. The previous Thane of Cawdor will be executed.
King Duncan, his sons Malcolm and Donalbain, and noblemen Lennox enter, meeting with a bleeding Sergeant. He speaks to the King of a battle between the King's forces and those of the traitorous Macdonwald.
carv'd out his passage

########
Rank: 12
Score: 40.163815
Retrieved Text: The blood that consistently resembles the violence that takes place in Macbeth is an important symbol of the play. The blood acts as a reminder of the outcomes of misused power and it is also used as an image to show Macbeth and even Lady Macbeth to reflect upon their guilty deeds. However, this reminder of his guilt doesn’t prevent Macbeth from continuing his violent acts.Macbeth at the very begging of the play is described as a hero even in his darkest moments. Some very important characters in the play consist of Macbeth, Lady Macbeth, the three witches, King Duncan and Banquo. Macbeth and Banquo near the begging of the play are visited by the three witches who tell Macbeth a prophesy of his own and Banquo a prophesy of his own.
Throughout Shakespeare’s play ‘Macbeth’, the recurring imagery of blood is used as a symbol to demonstrate the constant feelings of guilt felt by the characters, ultimately leading to their endless feelings of fear and horror.
Near the begging of the play Macbeth is described as a hero even in his darkest moments. Macbeth with the encouragement of Lady Macbeth kills King Duncan in order to become king. Macbeth feels somewhat guilty for his actions as his hands are covered in the kings blood.
Macbeth’s hands being covered in blood are reminders of his guilt and murder of the king. When Lady Macbeth mentions for him to “Go, get some water / And wash this filthy witness from your hand.” (Shakespeare, 39) Macbeth refers to Neptune (the Roman

########
Rank: 13
Score: 40.151382
Retrieved Text: Based on the short story Lady Macbeth of the Mtsensk District by Nikolai Leskov, Lady Macbeth is the story of a woman in a loveless marriage as she begins an affair with a servant that eventually becomes toxic and dangerous. Directed by William Oldroyd and screenplay by Alice Birch, the film is an exploration of a woman coping with the role she played in mid-19th Century society as well as being in an affair where she would create a lot of trouble for the people around her. Starring Florence Pugh, Cosmo Jarvis, Paul Hilton, Naomi Ackie, and Christopher Fairbank. Lady Macbeth is a rapturous and eerie film from William Oldroyd.
Set in 1865 in the English countryside, the film revolves around a young woman who had been sold into a loveless marriage to a man much older than her as she would later embark on an affair with a new servant that would eventually cause turmoil at the estate. It’s a film with a simple premise as it play into the idea of oppression and desire and how far a young woman will go to maintain a sense of freedom in her rich yet rigid environment. Alice Birch’s screenplay does take the three-act structure as it play into world that Katherine Lester (Florence Pugh) would encounter through her marriage to Alexander (Paul Hilton) as it was arranged so that his father Boris (Christopher Fairbank) could acquire her family’s land. The first act is about Katherine’s own isolation and boredom in her marriage when Alexander later leaves to

########
Rank: 14
Score: 40.00441
Retrieved Text: He is tempted by the chance to take the throne and he will do anything to get it. These evidences lead me to the simple conclusion that Macbeth definitely was a tragic hero. Lady Macbeth, on the other hand, is moved by ambition, and she specifically comments on her unhappiness in finding that, having achieved her ambition, it has turned to ashes in her mouth. So, in conclusion, I guess, it is partly his wife's fault and for the later part of the play, it is Macbeth's fault because he kills other people. Macbeth is portrayed as a courageous, brave and noble man who was haunted by superstition and an overpowering ambition. Many consequences can arise when one procrastinates. He wants us to pity her because she didn't even kill the king herself, but she felt so guilty for her husband's actions because she is a good person deep down.
To do that the character has to have some flaw. Every great tragedy is dominated by a protagonist who has within himself a tragic flaw, too much or too little of one of Aristotle's twelve virtues. These tragic flaws are imperative to the play, and without them there would be a lack of plot, conflict, and climax. Othello, Iago, Desdemona, and Emilia each display a tragic flaw. As his gullibility grew, so did his ambition. These two poems are linked to Macbeth and I will compare the doubts and uncertainties in both poems with Macbeth. Macbeth is thus crowned king of Scotland.
The reflection of it seizes him

########
Rank: 15
Score: 39.670345
Retrieved Text: Roadside Attractions will release the drama in New York and Los Angeles theaters on June 2, 2017.
British theater director William Oldroyd’s first feature-length debut, “Lady Macbeth,” is an adaptation of Nikolai Leskov’s novella “Lady Macbeth of the Mtsensk District.” The film had its world premiere earlier this year at the Toronto International Film Festival and was quickly acquired by Roadside Attractions. Now, the studio has released the first trailer for the upcoming period drama, courtesy of Yahoo! Movies.
Set in 1865, rural England, the feature stars newcomer Florence Pugh as Katherine, a headstrong women who is trapped in a loveless marriage of convenience. Stifled by her relationship with the bitter man twice her age, and his cold, unforgiving family, she embarks on a passionate affair with a young worker on her husband’s estate. Suddenly an overwhelming power inside her makes her fight for the life she wants.
The film was adapted by Alice Birth and also co-stars Christopher Fairbank, Cosmo Jarvis, Bill Fellows and Naomi Ackie. It is also an official selection of the 2017 Sundance Film Festival.
“Lady MacBeth” will be released in New York and LA theaters on June 2, 2017. Check out the trailer below.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 39.623463
Retrieved Text: Marzia Tedeschi is an Italian actress who has been working in Germany since 2013. She speaks Italian, English, German and French. She played in Germany, among other roles , the role of Francesca Tegano in the new Featirefilm from Nuno- Miguel Wong, Turiyafilm and FFF Bayer in 2017, the role of Gilda in the TV movie Goster, directed by Didi Danquart (HR / ARD) and she payed again in 2016 for the second time the role of Maria in the TV movie Tatort- Der sprechende Tote, shot in Spain in October 2016, Almeria, directed by Roland Suso Richter. She payed the same role in Tatort-Die Sonne stirbt wie ein Tier, directed by Patrick Winczewski (ARD) in 2014. She interpreted also the role of Luana in tv movie “Leichtmatrosen on tv in ARD, 2017. She has also performed in several short films produced in Germany including Ein Bad völler Tränen in Darmstadt, Das Kokainbiest in Berlin and latetly a new film project called Laserpope directed by the young filmmaker Lukas Rinker, Mainz 2016. Last Aprile 2017 she attended a workshop with the international casting-director Nancy Bishop and in Berlin she attended the Masterclass “The power of the actor” with the american acting-coach Ivana Chubbuck. She took acting classes in New York, at the MCS with Matthew Corozine, Sandy Meisner Tecnique, whiel she was performing there in Manhattan the role of Lady Macbeth in MITF Festoval 2014. She´s been working for some years on the show Clan Macbeth (role : Lady Macbeth) with her Italian group all around

########
Rank: 17
Score: 39.471916
Retrieved Text: The death of Princess Diana was an event that shocked the whole world. This event was considered a tragedy. When she passed away, the world mourned and sorrowed her death. Princess Diana s did not cause her own death, but in fact, there were people involved in her tragedy. Several different people caused her tragedy. Therefore, In the story, Macbeth, by William Shakespeare, Macbeth not only caused his own death, but others were responsible, for his tragedy.
One of the characters that lead to the tragedy of Macbeth, was Macbeth himself. Macbeth did many things, to lead to his own tragedy. One example was the acts that Macbeth committed, to get the throne of King. This act was murdering King Duncan. I feel how the future is in the instant; never shall sun that morrow see! says Lady Macbeth. In this preceding quote, Lady Macbeth explains the murder that is about to occur. She explains that, the sun the King sees now, will be the last sun he will ever see. Another example that lead to Macbeth s tragedy, was his arrogance and mindset, that made him believe that he was invincible. I bear a charmed life, which must not yield to one of woman born, says Macbeth. In this preceding quote, Macbeth tells Macduff, that he will not die to him, because he is born of woman.
Another character that lead to the tragedy of Macbeth, was his wife, Lady Macbeth. Lady Macbeth also committed many things, which lead to his tragedy. One example, would be her

########
Rank: 18
Score: 38.840668
Retrieved Text: Macbeth – As the play begins, Macbeth, thane of Glamis, has achieved a great victory for Scotland and is rewarded by the King with a new title, thane of Cawdor, and riches. As he returns from battle, he and Banquo pass three witches who prophesy that Macbeth will become king and Banquo will become the ancestors of kings. The prophecy goads Macbeth, with some help from his wife, to murder the king, a crime for which Macbeth is racked with guilt.
The guilt, however, is short lived as Macbeth takes control of the situation and becomes king. Once king, neither Macbeth nor his wife are able to relax and Macbeth commits further murders with ease. He fears Banquo and has him murdered. The witches inform him to beware Macduff and he has Macduff’s family murdered. Macbeth’s sanity comes into question for the following reasons: (1) he consorts with witches; (2) he sees an imaginary floating dagger before killing Duncan; (3) he sees Banquo’s ghost after murdering Banquo.
Lady Macbeth – After hearing the witches’ prophecy, Lady Macbeth immediately plots Duncan’s death. She chides Macbeth when he waivers and scorns his weakness. Her resolve gives way to guilt by the end of the play.
The Three Witches – The three witches, referred to as the Weird Sisters, a derivation of Wyrd, the three mythological weavers of fate in Greek and Norse Mythology, play an integral role in Macbeth’s fate. It is unclear whether the witches simply communicate the future to humans or if their prophecies play upon human weakness and

########
Rank: 19
Score: 38.782234
Retrieved Text: As the play progresses along with macbeths evil desire for power, we see this once noble man of scotland bringing himself to ruin by his own sinful actions. Along the way he becomes paranoid as we see in the banquet scene where banquos ghost appears as a horrible shadow. The play shows the battle between good and evil and the cost of evil.
She pays the ultimate price with her life. The evil effect is also show in the rhythmic chant, double, double toil and trouble. In the play macbeth he shows the audience what drives people to commit evil deeds and shows the cost of those actions.
The witches are introduced right at the start which tells the audience the play is about evil as witchcraft was considered very real and considered evil in shakespeares times. Lady macbeth badly wants to become queen and is prepared to do evil to get it. He says, our fears in banquo stick deep.
The witches choose macbeth to bring evil to life. They know he is corruptible and confirm this by saying something wicked this way comes. The cost of evil for macbeth is that he has no peace after his evil deeds.
The theme of the play is that uncontrolled ambition can make people do evil things but that evil never wins in the end. The first scene of the play sets the foundation for the play and shows the reader a glimpse of the evil power that will come into play. Shakespeare also uses apparitions which are conjured up as

########
Rank: 20
Score: 38.71635
Retrieved Text: Previously in Macbeth: Witches, war, heroism, prophecies, and thoughts of murder consume the first act. In Act Two, Banquo is troubled by thoughts of the weird sisters, but Macbeth doesn’t want to talk about it. Macbeth hallucinates a floating dagger and it seems to lead him where he was already going, to kill Duncan. Lady Macbeth, despite being rattled herself by the similarity in appearance between Duncan and her own father, tries to comfort a clearly upset, post-homicidal Macbeth. When Macduff and Lennox come to wake Duncan, the king’s corpse is discovered. Macbeth kills Duncan’s guards, citing his rage over seeing them sleeping and covered in the king’s blood. Malcolm and Donalbain, fearing for their own safety, flee Scotland, which both puts suspicion on them, and clears the way for Macbeth to assume the throne.
“Thou hast it now — king, Cawdor, Glamis, all, // As the weird women promised; and I fear // Thou play’dst most foully for’t” (III.i.1-3). So the suspicion is there. However, Banquo also ponders, “May they not be my oracles as well?” (III.i.9), and he won’t have to play foully for it. Macbeth and Lady Macbeth enter, now king and queen, attended by a number of lords. Macbeth greets Banquo as “our chief guest” (III.i.11), and–as so was Duncan in Act Two–this can’t be comforting to either Banquo or the audience.
Lady Macbeth talks of the “great feast” (III.i. 12) coming that night, and Macbeth requests Banquo’s attendance. Banquo, of course, accepts, then Macbeth asks if Banquo is going out riding that afternoon.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 38.34023
Retrieved Text: In Shakespeare’s play Macbeth, the most well-known couple, Macbeth and Lady Macbeth, did not fulfill this role. Lady Macbeth was superior over Macbeth. They did not have a very good relationship. Lady Macbeth was a very cold hearted woman, who took control over her husband, Macbeth. She often questioned Macbeth’s manhood, showing that her body was more masculine then his. This is the complete opposite of how women truly acted.
The Anglo-Saxon time period valued the women very poorly. This wasn’t a great time to be a woman (Women in Anglo). They had so many roles that had to be filled. The wife had to be prepared to take over the husband’s role at any time if something were to happen. When Macduff fled to England at short notice, it was then his wife’s, Lady Macduff’s role to take care of the family. This was very common for women to have to do. Many men were often leaders or soldiers in the army. This meant when the husband was gone to serve his duty, the woman had to take control over the family. “She would also be responsible for any lawsuits that would occur and, if needed, become the executor of her husband’s will” (Anglo-Saxon Marriages).
During the time in which Macbeth was set, Scotland was still a very primitive land. Until the beginning of the tenth century, it was ruled by England. Scotland gained its independence when England was forced to defend itself against the Viking invasions. The position of women changed drastically at the beginning of

########
Rank: 22
Score: 38.287983
Retrieved Text: Maria Guleghina is the worlds leading dramatic soprano. Her performances are invariably rewarded with standing ovations throughout the world’s foremost opera houses. She has been described as the “Cinderella from Russia”, “Russian soprano with Verdi flowing through her veins” and “Vocal Miracle”. She is particularly noted for her interpretation of the title role in Tosca and Turandot. Her repertoire also includes the title role in Aida, Manon Lescaut, Norma, Fedora, Adriana Lecouvreur, as well as Lady Macbeth in Macbeth, Abigaille in Nabucco, Violetta in La Traviata, Leonora in Il Trovatore, Oberto and La Forza del Destino, Elvira in Ernani, Elisabetta in Don Carlo, Amelia in Simon Boccanegra, and Un Ballo in Maschera, Lucrezia in I due Foscari, Desdemona in Otello, Santuzza in Cavalleria Rusticana, Maddalena in Andrea Chenier, Lisa in Pique Dame, Odabella in Attila,Gulnara in Il Corsaro, etc.
Maria Guleghina began her professional career at the State Opera in Minsk, and a year later made her debut in La Scala as Amelia in Un Ballo in Maschera under Maestro Gavazzeni opposite Luciano Pavarotti. Her voice of great power, warmth, thrust and with immense acting ability made her a permanent and welcome guest everywhere. At La Scala she has performed in 15 new productions including Lucrezia in I due Foscari, Tosca, Fedora, Turandot, Lady Macbeth in Macbeth, Lisa in Pique Dame, Manon Lescaut, Abigaille in Nabucco, Leonora in La Forza del Destino conducted by Riccardo Muti in Tokyo. She has accompanied La Scala on two tours to Japan in 1991 and 1999. She also performed two solo

########
Rank: 23
Score: 38.178307
Retrieved Text: Scotland. Macbeth and Banquo, leaders of the Scottish army, meet a group of witches who prophesy the future. They address Macbeth as Thane of Cawdor and King of Scotland, and tell Banquo that he will be the father of kings. The two men try to learn more, but the witches vanish. Messengers arrive with news that Duncan, the current king of Scotland, has made Macbeth Thane of Cawdor. The first part of the witches’ prediction has come true.
In Macbeth’s castle, Lady Macbeth reads a letter from her husband telling her of the events that have just transpired. She resolves to follow her ambitions. A servant announces that Duncan will soon arrive at the castle, and when Macbeth enters, she tells him that they must kill the king. Duncan arrives. Macbeth has a vision of a dagger, then leaves to commit the murder. On his return, he tells his wife how the act has frightened him, and she tells him that he needs more courage. They both leave as Banquo enters with Macduff, a nobleman, who discovers the murder. Macbeth and Lady Macbeth pretend to be horrified and join the others in condemning the murder.
Macbeth has become king. Duncan’s son, Malcolm, is suspected of having killed his father and has fled to England. Worried about the prophecy that Banquo’s children will rule, Macbeth and his wife now plan to kill him and his son, Fleance, as well. As Macbeth leaves to prepare the double murder, Lady Macbeth hopes that it will finally make the throne secure.
Outside the

########
Rank: 24
Score: 38.10424
Retrieved Text: Macbeth – Fair Is Foul and Foul Is Fair?
Macbeth is a tragedy written by William Shakespeare sometime between 1603 and 1607. The play is probably one of Shakespeare’s most famous works, up there with Hamlet and Romeo and Juliet.
I’m not sure about other places but in Toronto, it was part of the high school curriculum. I remember trying to wrap my head around its complexity at an age when I was probably a bit too green to fully appreciate its depth and breadth.
At university, I took a course in psychology and religion and the professor, versed in English literature, drew parallels between Lady Macbeth and modern psychology.
Urged by his wife, the Scottish General Macbeth kills King Duncan in Act V to become the new king of Scotland.
Lady MacBeth, The Gower Memorial This statue of Lady MacBeth is one of four statues surrounding The Gower Memorial in the Bancroft Gardens Creative Commons Licence [Some Rights Reserved] © Copyright Philip Halling and licensed for reuse under this Creative Commons Licence.
Soon after, Lady Macbeth descends into a kind of madness. She sleepwalks and tries to wash imaginary bloodstains – “Out damned spot!” – from her hands. As our professor pointed out, Lady Macbeth’s symbolic cleansing many years later would be classified by psychology and psychiatry as obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD).
Sadly, Lady Macbeth’s unconscious coping strategy fails and she suicides from overwhelming guilt. Macbeth, himself, leads an apparently charmed existence, somewhat reminiscent of the biblical Cain (who murdered his brother Abel but escapes with a protective mark on his forehead).
Macbeth cannot

########
Rank: 25
Score: 38.06993
Retrieved Text: An Analysis of Lady MacbethÃÂs Performance in William ShakespeareÃÂs MacbethWhen a person reads one of William ShakespeareÃÂs plays, the play requires that person to imagine many of the attributes of the characters. The person must imagine the charactersÃÂ appearances, their actions, and, most importantly, the emotions with which the actors and actresses perform their lines. In ShakespeareÃÂs Macbeth, a large portion of the play relies on the actorsÃÂ and actressesÃÂ emotions. Perhaps the most important character, based on emotions, is Lady Macbeth. Lady MacbethÃÂs actions and emotions are portrayed very well by the actress and producers of the play.
While watching a performance of Macbeth, it becomes clear from the beginning that Lady Macbeth is very emotional. Jane Lapotaire plays Lady Macbeth in this production of Macbeth. There are three major situations during which Lady MacbethÃÂs emotions are very important. These emotions are not only influential to the perception of Lady Macbeth, but they are also influential to the play itself.
The first situation during which Lady MacbethÃÂs emotions play an important part occurs when she initially discovers that Macbeth is Thane of Cawdor. Initially, the news stuns her, but later she begins to imagine Macbeth and herself as King and Queen of Scotland. She begins to plan the murder of the ScotlandÃÂs current king, Duncan. When she discusses this idea with Macbeth, he is very uncertain, and she challenges his manhood. Throughout this scene, Lapotaire speaks with great emotion, but she also gives the impression that she is a dark and demonic figure, an image that intensifies

########
Rank: 26
Score: 37.82907
Retrieved Text: He plays on the weaknesses of other characters and uses them to his advantage, regardless of the collateral damage. His basic insight was that, in all these fields, conflicting forces are at work. Macbeth has such ambitious ways towards being the power of loyalty, which his conscience pulls him the wrong way. Lady Macbeth knows exactly how to respond. In Lord of the Flies, William Golding uses the theme of human nature to show how easily society can collapse, and how self-destructive human nature is. We chose Act 4 Scene 1 to perform because it included parts for all 5 people within our group and had a wide range of characters involved in this scene. I tried with all my might to decide whether I like Prospero… but to no avail.
The sound of it brought goose bumps. Noble gas, Periodic table 1042 Words 4 Pages Lindsey Aranda English, period 2 Hamlett June 6, 2011 Journal of Macbeth Act 1 I was very confused at the beginning of the play. The main character Macbeth kills two important characters in the play, and is responsible for the death of a third. He says he loves Macbeth, and will continue to love and support him. In it, Macbeth told her about his encounter with the witches, and their prophecy that he will be King.
There are many literary devices used in Macbeth and they all contributed to making this play a bang. King Lear is the somewhat unfortunate vehicle that Shakespeare uses to explore many of these themes creating a

########
Rank: 27
Score: 37.788765
Retrieved Text: These facts reveal that they were in quite a close relationship at the beginning of the play.
The relationship between Macbeth and Lady Macbeth dramatically changes after the terrifying act of murdering King Duncan. After this event their relationship rapidly deteriorates. Lady Macbeth started to control Macbeth and was willing to. This explains that there is change in their once healthy relationship. Further throughout the play they both change as individuals grossly changing the relationship. After the death of Duncan Lady Macbeth slowly loses her sanity and pulls back from her previous ambitions. Macbeth is informed by the doctor that Lady Macbeth has become sick in the head.
Doctor: "Not so sick, my lord, As she is troubled with thick-coming fancies, That keep her from her rest."

########
Rank: 28
Score: 37.637554
Retrieved Text: Duncan is the King of Scotland, an old, gracious, pious and gentle man, who resembles Lady Macbeth’s father in his sleep.
Malcolm is Duncan’s eldest son. Almost captured in the battle that rages at the beginning of the play, he is rescued by the captain.
Donalbain is Duncan’s second son. After his father’s murder, he suggests to Malcolm that they quickly leave.
Macbeth is Thane of Glamis. A superb general, he is a physically powerful man, able in a fight to eviscerate a man with an upward stroke.
Banquo is a Scottish Thane, Macbeth’s co-general in the wars.
Macduff is the Thane of Fife. Commanded by Duncan to visit him early in the morning at Macbeth’s castle, he discovers the King’s body.
Lennox is a young Thane attending on Duncan.
Rosse is the Thane who brings Duncan news of the Norwegian invasion and of Cawdor’s complicity in it.
Menteth one of the four Thanes who desert Macbeth when Malcolm invades, bringing reinforcements to Malcolm’s army.
Angus is a Thane who accompanies Ross in bringing Duncan news of the victory over Norway, and later bringing Macbeth the announcement of his accession to the rank of Thane of Cawdor.
Cathness is one of the four Thanes who desert Macbeth when Malcolm invades, bringing reinforcements to Malcolm’s army.
Siward, the Earl of Northumberland, is a veteran soldier’s of the English king’s and Malcolm’s uncle.
Young Siward is Siward’s son. During the battle at Macbeth’s castle, he comes across Macbeth and fights with him, but is killed.
Seyton is Macbeth’s chief servant when his thanes are abandoning him.
Macduff’s son is able to trade

########
Rank: 29
Score: 37.112095
Retrieved Text: Shakespeare created 25 characters to populate Macbeth, but it's the story of two people. As Macbeth discovers his capacity to cast off scruples to seize Scotland's crown, and Lady Macbeth craves greater power for her husband, both characters become windows into the human struggle between desire and conscience.
In the Middlebury Actors Workshop's production, the violence Macbeth employs is ugly but never as disturbing as his own moral bankruptcy.
Macbeth can be reduced to a few of its parts and still offer the audience real riches in the form of two of Shakespeare's most fascinating characters. Director Melissa Lourie approaches the play like a contemporary psychological portrait and focuses her production on Macbeth's mental journey from valiant soldier to paranoid monarch. Supporting characters and the outward conflicts of the plot receive less attention here than do the internal struggles of the couple at the heart of the play.
The result is two impressive individual performances nestled within a less-than-satisfying overall production. Craig Maravich's portrayal of Macbeth's voracious quest for power is built with nuance, and Chris Caswell's vision of Lady Macbeth fuses weakness and strength in a riveting display. But Lourie doesn't investigate the drama beyond the core characters, and the final effect is a lack of coherence, with no connection between the psychology explored in some scenes and the external events occurring in others. It plays as if Shakespeare's story were interrupting a personal dilemma rather than triggering it.
The range of acting skills displayed by this large cast defeats a singular vision. Some actors substitute emphatic delivery for

================



======= Instance Index 310 =========
Input Text: The word "blockage" has multiple meanings. Does it have the same meaning in sentences 1 and 2? Yes or no?

Sentence 1: There was a blockage in the sewer, so we called out the plumber.
Sentence 2: We had to call a plumber to clear out the blockage in the drainpipe.

Target Text: No

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 52.209644
Retrieved Text: blockage: an obstruction in a pipe or tube; "we had to call a plumber to clear out the blockage in the drainpipe"
stop: the act of stopping something; "the third baseman made some remarkable stops"; "his stoppage of the flow resulted in a flood"
Stoppage is second album by Atanu Bhuyan.
The temporary closing of part of a waterway for maintenance or repairs.
a temporary, often scheduled, loss of navigation while significant repair work occurs.
The unplanned interruption of automatic or semi-automatic gunfire as a result of a malfunction of the gun, ammunition, or shooter.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 44.25283
Retrieved Text: What are some alternative words for STOP?
This thesaurus page is about all possible synonyms, equivalent, same meaning and similar words for the term STOP.
"the third baseman made some remarkable stops"; "his stoppage of the flow resulted in a flood"
"his stop consonants are too aspirated"
"the new cameras adjust the diaphragm automatically"
"he used a book as a stop to hold the door open"
"we had to call a plumber to clear out the blockage in the drainpipe"
"the car stopped"; "She stopped in front of a store window"
"Block his election"; "Halt the process"
"we stopped at Aunt Mary's house"; "they stopped for three days in Florence"
"stop a car"; "stop the thief"
"The fighter plane was ordered to intercept an aircraft that had entered the country's airspace"
"the bronchioles terminate in a capillary bed"; "Your rights stop where you infringe upon the rights of other"; "My property ends by the bushes"; "The symphony ends in a pianissimo"
"block the way"; "barricade the streets"; "stop the busy road"
How to use STOP in a sentence?
We just want it to stop.
"STOP." Synonyms.com. STANDS4 LLC, 2019. Web. 23 Apr. 2019. <https://www.synonyms.com/synonym/STOP>.
Are we missing a good synonym for STOP?

########
Rank: 2
Score: 40.392506
Retrieved Text: There are a variety of tools and methods to consider trying in order to clean a sewer line and get it working.
To prevent sewer backup, sometimes you need to clean a sewer line using various tools.
When you need to work on sewer cleanout, there are many pieces of equipment to help. Rodders are items that most people try first. Rodders are semi-rigid cables that can be inserted into the sewer in order to push a blockage out of the way through the pipe. Sometimes the blockage will get caught on the rod and can be pulled back out that way. There are many different types of rods that can be used for sewer line cleaning. The tape rod, for example, is one of the most basic options. It is a coil of flat steel that sits in a semi-rigid manner. It has a ball or plug at the end, and you use it by pushing its length into the sewer line. This action can break up the blockage and get things flowing again. These rods come in various lengths, the longest being 100 feet. While tape rods can be helpful for sewer cleaning, they are also limited. They are only good for straight runs because they are rigid, and they don't take corners well. Since they can't take turns, they are limited in the types of blockages they can work free. They also only have one type of head, so they can only remove certain blockages.
If you need to clean a sewer line as a homeowner,

########
Rank: 3
Score: 40.325558
Retrieved Text: Stopped sinks and leaky faucets are probably the most common residential plumbing problem. Cooking grease and fat, soap scum and food particles buildup in sink drainpipes and prevent spent water from draining out. Minor blockage can be easily remove by using a plunger. Major clogs especially if they are located deeper inside the drainpipe needs to be removed by professional plumber.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 40.04455
Retrieved Text: My toilet, basin or shower is making a gurgling sound what do I do?
You need to check your overflow gully which is usually outside and is a round type fitting with a grate in it and sometimes has a tap over the top of it. If nothing is coming out at this point it would appear that you have a blockage before this point somewhere within your house plumbing. It could be too much paper being used and not using full flush of the toilet and it has stopped along your line somewhere. Also, when the weather gets colder and fat that gets into the sewer system off our skin and dishes congeal and can block up the line or worse still is root intrusion entering through a broken pipe. In any case you need a plumber to clear this blockage for you.
I have water and paper coming out the drain under a tap and making a mess in my yard, what do I do?
I presume the drain you are talking about is the overflow gully. This means the blockage is further along the line from this point if it is overflowing at this point which is better than overflowing within your fixtures inside your house. The blockage could be in your plumbing or it may be in Hunter Water’s (or sewer authority) sewer main. Firstly, to save costs you should check your sewer shaft. The sewer shaft is located at the back or front of your property depending on where the sewer main runs and

########
Rank: 5
Score: 39.809765
Retrieved Text: How do I fix my blocked sink?
If your sink is blocked, you should call a qualified plumber immediately. They can assist you in clearing your sink.
We own, manage and have the responsibility of the sewerage network outside of your property boundary, and therefore cannot assist with faults within your home or business. Find out more about your responsibilities.
What should I do about a blockage in my pipes?
Please do not attempt to clear the blockage yourself.
If you live in Brisbane or Ipswich, we can clear the blockage for you. Please call 13 23 64 (24/7) or complete a blockage removal request (fees may apply, please see below).
Alternatively, call a licensed plumber to remove the blockage. If you need a referral to a licensed plumber, phone the Master Plumbers' Association of Queensland on 07 3273 0800 (8am-5pm weekdays).
Should you contact Queensland Urban Utilities to investigate the blockage and it is found to be on your private infrastructure, fees may apply.
Fee includes call out fee and one hour of work on site.
$32 including GST will be charged for each additional 15 minutes over the first hour.
$82 including GST will be charged for each additional 15 minutes over the first hour.
We do not provide this service for properties in the Lockyer Valley, Somerset and Scenic Rim areas. Please contact a licensed plumber for assistance.
What if the blockage is in Queensland Urban Utilities network?
If your plumber has inspected your sewer pipe and identified that the blockage is in our infrastructure, please call us on 13 23 64 (24/7).
Alternatively, your plumber may

########
Rank: 6
Score: 39.4966
Retrieved Text: Sewer line cleaning is a service you don’t want to wish you had scheduled after the fact. Because after a sewage backup, there is no going back in time to avoid the expensive, time-consuming mess that is water and waste damage. Save you future self some frustration and cash – get sewer line cleaning today from My Buddy The Plumber Heating & Air.
One of the first signs of a sewer issue is bad odor in the backyard, typically close to where the sewer tank is located. Do you spot pooling, smelly water above your sewer tank? Do you smell a bad odor coming up through your home’s drains. Those are not good signs. It’s essential to call us as soon as possible to address the issue. You could have a leak in your tank or main sewer line, and this could have major consequences for your home and your property.
There are additional signs of an oncoming sewer line blockage. For example, have you noticed your toilets and drains begin to slow down? Your sewer line is the main exit for all of your home’s contaminated water, and every drain connects to the main. If all your home’s drains are lagging, it’s clear there is a blockage or clog that needs to be cleared as soon as possible. Every moment you wait raises the risk of a sewer backup, which would be a disastrous, expensive event.
Regardless of whether you’re noticing a drainage slow down, it doesn’t hurt to be proactive when it comes to your plumbing. Regular

########
Rank: 7
Score: 39.00915
Retrieved Text: 1. The act of closing or the state of being closed: closure of an incision.
2. Something that closes or shuts.
a. A bringing to an end; a conclusion: finally brought the project to closure.
b. A feeling of finality or resolution, especially after a traumatic experience: sought closure in returning to the scene of the accident.
5. The property of being mathematically closed.
1. the act of closing; the state of being closed.
2. a bringing to an end; conclusion.
3. something that closes or shuts.
4. a blockage of the flow of air by contact between vocal organs in producing a sound.
6. the property of being closed with respect to a particular mathematical operation.
a. the tendency to see an entire figure even though the picture of it is incomplete, based primarily on the viewer's past experience.
b. a sense of certainty or completeness: a need for closure.
8. Obs. something that encloses; enclosure.
The closing of a surgical incision immediately after surgery.
Noun 1. closure - approaching a particular destination; a coming closer; a narrowing of a gap; "the ship's rapid rate of closing gave them little time to avoid a collision"
coming, approach, approaching - the act of drawing spatially closer to something; "the hunter's approach scattered the geese"
4. closure - something settled or resolved; the outcome of decision making; "they finally reached a settlement with the union"; "they never did achieve a final resolution of their differences"; "he needed to grieve before he could achieve a sense of closure"
5. closure - an obstruction in a pipe or tube; "we had to call a plumber to

########
Rank: 8
Score: 38.79231
Retrieved Text: Our Plumber in Pearland, Texas, Harris, Fort Bend and Brazoria counties, has the goal of keeping your home super clean and that is why we provide you with affordable sewer cleaning. Your house has a mechanism of sophisticated system to get itself rid of the waste from the kitchen sink, bathroom sinks, shower drains, and toilets.
If you need sewer line replacement, for example, we will use our heavy duty equipment such as pipe cutters to remove the old, leaking, constricted pipes. We will then install new ones to ease your sewer flow.
There are many sewer pipes on the market each of which has a different purpose. Pipelines also come in different shapes and sizes. We know and only use the best and strongest so that they can keep serving you for a long time to come. If you need sewer line cleaning, we will be able to provide this service to you because we have the skills, and the tools. We are one of the fastest sewer cleaning services in this city and certainly one of the most equipped.
Having sewage backing up in your home is one of the most uncomfortable situations. We will provide you with sewer cleanout quickly to provide you with a proper drainage that enables your home to stay sanitary. Sewer problems are common but when they happen one needs fast services. If your sewer cleaning situation can't afford to wait, for example, sewage is backing up into your home or yard, we will be able to come quickly to address this

########
Rank: 9
Score: 38.478138
Retrieved Text: The long-awaited appointment with a plumber and a city inspector arrived! We had eliminated many possibilities and suspected our sewer lateral was busted. So the city inspector had to be there to verify a break or work could not be authorized. As soon as things began, almost the whole family took up stations around the yard to observe. The first attempt to camera the line failed due to a blockage, so the plumber had to get out the big guns.
There was a rumble of moving water. "Do you hear that, guys? It's the sound of victory," the plumber said to the kids gathered with him around the cleanout. He shut off his cable running device.
The city inspector, Sammy, Gideon, Noah and I all listened at the opened sewer manhole in our neighbor's yard. It was unclogged!
A delegation ran inside to turn on all the sinks and flush all the toilets. The mystery was solved.
Yes, they were accidentally flushed when they were being rinsed out weeks ago.
So the Lord allowed the least expensive and fastest route for our solution!
What was neat was that we were able to have some interaction with the city inspector. He made the traditional comments about all the children ("Are you mormons?") but began to enjoy the kids and their interest in sewers, etc. He asked about different kinds of "christians", homeschooling, going to Mexico, etc. The finale was when he asked if he could check out the bus. The big kids cringed because we hadn't cleaned it out. We gave him a

########
Rank: 10
Score: 38.3037
Retrieved Text: Blockage Repair What equipment do I need to clear a blockage in a private sewer?
Your focus indicates a sewer issue and not a drain issue.
The first challenge is to determine which branch leg of the sewer is the issue and then assess where all your access ports are. Sometimes an outside access port has been covered over by dirt/mulch etc.
If you know where the blockage is ... then as mentioned by other contributors ... you will need a snake. They can be hand driven or motor driven. For great access to the blockage you may need to remove the closest toilet, since snaking through the lower S trap of the toilet really inhibits the snake's effectiveness. Depending on how your house is built ... the roof sewer vent pipes can be a good access point (and sometimes that is where the debris has gotten into your sewer if you have overhanging trees). I have had success with running a garden house up to the roof and down through the vent pipe. You need to have a second person watching by the the toilet to make sure it does not back flow on to the floor. You can get hose spray attachments which help propel the hose and add turbulence to break the blockage ... but I have never tried them.
If your blockage is recurring over the seasons ... and if you have a number of trees close to your sewer line outside then you can have tree root intrusion into the sewer. In that case you

########
Rank: 11
Score: 37.795578
Retrieved Text: Blocked drains can guide to property damage and can disturb an deed our daily lives. A factor that needs to be considered is condensation or moisture p.s. in the region of the exterior of your sewer heritage and storm water pipes. When less water is available, it can attraction in sapling roots. Another factor to arbitrate is the pipe’s poor monster condition. Overtime, pipes when needy mammal conditions can cave in and cause the blockage. Improper disposal of diapers or plastic bags can sham the blockage of your drains. Incorrect usage of take leisure doings-it-yourself supplies moreover cause pipe blockage. Although the substance has lubricating qualities, if disposed of improperly, cooking oil, fats and supplementary home retain product can congest the pipe pedigree.
Common examples that can cause blockage inside the pipeline are tree forest roots. Feedback to the penetrable exterior of a pipe can cause loss of customers and can show influence products due to it’s durability and efficiency. It is best to employ a professional plumber to unblock a storm water drain and pipes. Depending taking into account hint to the extent of the pipe or sewer damage, a professional plumber has rotate tools and gadgets that he can use. To unblock a storm water drain, a plumber uses a plumbing electric eel and or a high pressure water jetter (blaster).
It could be boring to check the drain and pipe system regularly, as a upshot we often catch ourselves taking into account the need to unblock a storm water drain taking into account unventilated downpour

########
Rank: 12
Score: 37.56519
Retrieved Text: How do I fix my blocked sink?
If your sink is blocked, you should call a qualified plumber immediately. They can assist you in clearing your sink.
We own, manage and have the responsibility of the sewerage network outside of your property boundary, and therefore cannot assist with faults within your home or business. Find out more about your responsibilities.
What should I do about a blockage in my pipes?
Please do not attempt to clear the blockage yourself.
If you live in Brisbane or Ipswich, we can clear the blockage for you. Please call 13 23 64 (24/7) or complete a blockage removal request (fees may apply, please see below).
Alternatively, call a licensed plumber to remove the blockage. If you need a referral to a licensed plumber, phone the Master Plumbers' Association of Queensland on 07 3273 0800 (8am-5pm weekdays).
Should you contact Queensland Urban Utilities to investigate the blockage and it is found to be on your private infrastructure, fees may apply.
Fee includes call out fee and one hour of work on site.
$32 including GST will be charged for each additional 15 minutes over the first hour.
$82 including GST will be charged for each additional 15 minutes over the first hour.
We do not provide this service for properties in the Lockyer Valley, Somerset and Scenic Rim areas. Please contact a licensed plumber for assistance.
What if the blockage is in Queensland Urban Utilities network?
If your plumber has inspected your sewer pipe and identified that the blockage is in our infrastructure, please call us on 13 23 64 (24/7).
Alternatively, your plumber may

########
Rank: 13
Score: 37.53505
Retrieved Text: Sewer Cleaning/Televising. The Department of Public Works cleans village sewer lines on a regular basis. In conjunction with the cleaning operations, Village sewer mains are regularly inspected using a remote controlled closed circuit television camera specially designed to move through sewers. This device is used to check for blockage and damage in the sewer system. By spotting small problems early, they can be remedied before they turn into real trouble.
Sewer treatment is provided through the Milwaukee Metropolitan Sewerage District (MMSD).
We hope you do not experience a backup. However, if one does occur in your home cease to run water and report it immediately by calling Village Hall at 414-962-6690. Village personnel will determine if a blockage has occurred in the sanitary main. If the sanitary main is running clear, your sanitary lateral is plugged and you will need to contact a plumber to clear the blockage.
Never flush diapers, feminine hygiene products, or other paper (except toilet paper) down toilets. Paper materials swell up and lodge in sewer lines, causing backups.
Next, if you have trees in your front lawn, there is always a possibility of root intrusions into your sewer line. If you suspect roots growing into your sewer line, have your line cleaned out annually. Symptoms of clogged lines include slow drainage and frequent backups.
As a home owner, you are responsible for the maintenance and care of the sanitary lateral from your house to the sanitary main. The Village is responsible for the maintenance and cleaning of the sanitary mains. If you experience sewage backup in

########
Rank: 14
Score: 37.2956
Retrieved Text: Things To Know About Drain Cleaning Services By Reliable Contractor Services. When you have a clogged drain, your concern and focus are getting it fixed. Reliable Contractor Services is your Cleveland, OH plumbing experts!
Drain snaking is the simplest method of clearing a clogged drain and is usually the first method a plumber will use to try to clear a blockage. A drain snake, also called a drain auger, is a made from a length of cable with an auger head’ and is sized according to the pipe being unclogged.
Plumbers have drain snakes that can reach deep into your sewer pipes, find the clog, and remove it, in many cases. There are clogs that require more than a snake to remove; in that case, a different commercial drain cleaning method may be required to clear your sewer pipes.
If snaking the drain fails to remove the clog, a video inspection may be required to determine the location and cause of the clog. This method of commercial drain cleaning will give a plumber a better idea of how to proceed when clearing the blockage of your residential and commercial drains.
Older buildings in Cleveland, OH may have sewer pipes that are made from cast iron, clay, and over time, these can collapse causing a blockage that may require replacement of pipes.
Commercial firms that handle food can get blockages created by fat, grease, and food waste. Over time, this sludge will build up on the inside of the pipes, restrict flow, and cause you to have sewers backups more frequently if

########
Rank: 15
Score: 37.198368
Retrieved Text: A-Archer Sewer & Plumbing Services provides drain blockage removal and drain repair for Naperville home and business owners at competitive rates so that you don’t have to feel like you’re flushing your money down the drain. The fact is, clogged drains happen. No one enjoys them, but when they come around, it’s best to invest in an experienced plumber to set things right.
We recommend using a tub strainer to keep excessive debris from running down your drain, but there is still the potential for clogs. If you have a flat plunger, trying it out in the bathtub isn’t the worst idea, but if you can’t fix the clogged pipes, it’s time to bring in the professionals at A-Archer Sewer & Plumbing Services.
Why Choose A-Archer Sewer & Plumbing Services?
So, why choose A-Archer Sewer & Plumbing Services for your Naperville plumbing needs? Aside from really knowing what we’re doing when it comes to blocked drains, we pride ourselves on exceptional client service that puts you, the customer, first every time.
A-Archer Sewer & Plumbing Services plumbers are available 24 hours of the day, 7 days of the week, for all plumbing emergencies. We believe that plumbing services go beyond that of the scheduled appointment.
Hire the Naperville plumbers that you can count on. Hire A-Archer Sewer & Plumbing Services today.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 36.728508
Retrieved Text: Richmond Hill Emergency Plumber | 24 Hour Plumbing Services in Richmond Hill, ON.
Have a plumbing emergency? Call (705)7335154 for 24-hour emergency services in Richmond Hill, ON.
It’s easy to take your plumbing system for granted until an emergency occurs! Read on to learn more about the emergencies we handle for residents in Richmond Hill and surrounding areas .
Severe sewer backups can cause pipe damage and leave you without a sink or toilet to use. Fortunately, our technicians can help you fix the problem with professional sewer and drain repair.
Sewer backup can result from clogs in your sewer line. There may be tree roots blocking your line, or you may have other debris and waste trapped in your pipes. Let us help you remove the blockage with professional drain cleaning and hydrojetting.
Need to Repair a Burst Pipe?
Burst pipes, as well as frozen pipes, are common plumbing problems. However, they can quickly flood your home and cause extensive water damage.
If you notice a burst pipe, locate your main water shut off valve and turn it off. This will stop the rush of water and help you avoid a flooded home. Next, call your emergency plumber for help. We will dispatch our experts to your home as soon as possible to repair the problem.
Do You Have an Emergency Plumber Handy?
Don’t wait until you’re experiencing an overflowing toilet to look for a plumber. Make sure you already have a reliable plumber in your network! Avoid attempts at DIY repairs, as these are often only temporary solutions.
Get your plumbing emergency under control—call

########
Rank: 17
Score: 36.70303
Retrieved Text: What is wastewater?He aha tēnei mea, te wai para?
NCC provide a domestic sewage and industrial wastewater collection, screening and disposal system to maintain the community's health and protect the environment. Find out more below along with what to do if you encounter a blockage.
Council provides a domestic sewage and industrial wastewater collection, screening and disposal system to maintain the community's health and protect the envoronment. The system services the main City area but does not include Meeanee, Jervoistown, residential Awatoto, Bay View and Poraiti, (a system for Bay View has been installed in some areas).
Council is committed to providing advanced sewage treatment, and a Biological Trickling Filter (BTF) plant was commissioned in August 2014.
Note: Blockages up to the Council main are the responsibility of the property owner and a Plumber/Drain Layer should be contacted. Council is only responsible for blockages of the Sewer Main caused by faulty pipes. Check with your neighbours, if they also have a blockage then it is likely to be a blockage of the Council's sewer main.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 36.496883
Retrieved Text: Have a sewer problem in Connecticut? Don’t know what it is or where to dig? Back in the “old days,” people just guessed where to dig. Now, with sewer video cameras and locating equipment, it’s just a simple matter of calling Medina Sewer and Drain for a sewer video inspection and locating the problem. Our high-skilled technicians can visibly identify exactly what is wrong with your pipes before you commit to a specific procedure. This can save you a ton of money.
Sewer Video cameras have become one of the most valuable tools in the plumbing business. Specially made fiber optic cameras allow for a visual inspection of underground sewer lines and other piping to determine the condition of the inside of the pipe. A flexible rod with a high-resolution color video camera on its tip is inserted into the pipe for inspection. Video images are transmitted to the camera operator in real-time and can be saved onto a videotape for a permanent record. Radio transmitters on the camera record the depth and physical location from the surface so that defects and obstructions can be corrected cost effectively.
If you choose to do an entire sewer line video inspection, you will see a “walk-through,”leading from the trap, down through the sewer line, and up to any obstructions. If the camera can push through the blockage, it may continue through to the municipal line.
The camera unit has a transmitter. The video technician/plumber will stop the camera at the blockage point. Then he will go up to ground level and

########
Rank: 19
Score: 36.435047
Retrieved Text: When complications develop with the drains of your home, one of the first indications is that there will be sudden stains around your foundation. Most times, it means that your main sewer line has been compromised. In such instances, urgent repair is necessary or else the situation might get out of hand and become highly expensive. A remedy is necessary immediately because this is a problem that will greatly impair the functioning of the property.
Regardless of whether your home has a septic tank or is connected to the community sewer, you need to call us because we are experts who know how to handle these delicate situations. At Your Plumbing Lehi, we know how to arrest the situation and ensure that there is no need for a repair of a larger degree, or that the problem does not turn catastrophic.
While it is never easy to spot, the devastation that a clogged sewer line can cause to a home is quite considerable. There are numerous pipes in your home that carry waste water from sinks, tubs and toilets, and transport the waste to the main sewer line. When one of these pipes is impeded, the situation can turn out to be quite problematic. A blockage in your sewer mains could be disastrous because the entire sewer gets affected and waste might begin to back up into your home.
Most sewer line problems actually occur because there is blockage in the line itself. Most homeowners will react by pouring a lot of corrosive chemicals into the lines hoping for

########
Rank: 20
Score: 36.401928
Retrieved Text: If you are experiencing a sanitary sewer backup at your residence, please call the Wood Dale Public Works Department at, (630) 350-3542, during the normal business hours of 7:00 a.m. through 3:30 p.m., Monday through Friday. After hours, please call the Police Department non-emergency number, (630) 766-2060. DO NOT CALL 911.
A Public Works employee will be dispatched to your home to check the City’s main sewer line for a blockage. If the main sewer is blocked, the City will clear the line at no expense to you.
If the main sewer is clear and the blockage is somewhere in the service line that runs from the house to the main sewer, it is the responsibility of the property owner to have the line cleared. If you call a plumber before calling the Wood Dale Public Works Department, any fees incurred are the responsibility of the homeowner, even if the blockage is found to be in the main sewer.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 36.386646
Retrieved Text: We can look inside your drains with our sewer video camera inspections, it’s like a “Drain Laryngoscopy”. It removes the guess work, and we are able to visualize the cause of your constant clogs. It is always recommended to have a sewer video inspection after any drain clearing is done to ensure any blockage is resolved.
How Does A Sewer Video Camera Inspection Work?
Our skilled, professional plumber can insert a bendable rod, with a waterproof camera on it’s tip, inside your drain. The camera sends a real time image to the monitor the plumber is viewing on the surface giving him all the insight needed to determine the condition of the drain.
Where is my clogged drain problem area? We have the ability to inspect and locate a problem drain area. The camera sends a signal to the surface so our highly trained plumber can pinpoint the location using a electronic location device. With all the important information gathered, the best remedy for your clogged drain can be submitted for repair.
What Are Other Uses, Besides Clogged Drains, Of A Sewer Video Inspection?
It is always best to have a sewer video inspection before you buy any home. Our experienced plumber can identify any plumbing problems that may exist which can cause expensive repairs un the future. We can give you “Peace Of Mind” before you buy.
Call us to now to help answer any of your questions regarding your drains, locating plumbing problem areas or that second opinion on a plumbing estimate.
Call Rex Plumbing & Rooter Now! 805.275.5520 24 hours

########
Rank: 22
Score: 36.171432
Retrieved Text: Walpole High School dismissed all students at 11:17 a.m. on Wednesday, December 7, after a janitor discovered a leak in one of the school’s main sewage pipes.
Within the school’s pipe, a plug, which acts as an access point to the entire sewage system, had fallen out, and started to cause a leak of the whole pipe.
“There was blockage in the sewer pipe, and it came back up, which created a pressure on that plug, and whereas over years and years the plug might have rusted, it just came out,” said Principal Stephen Imbusch.
After discovering the leak, Imbusch called a plumber to fix the problem; however, before a plumber could come, a sewage truck had to pump what was left out of the leaking pipe, which meant the school’s water needed to be shut off.
“We had the truck come in and pump it out, and as soon as that happened, the smell came into the school,” said Imbusch.
When the plumber arrived, Imbusch had decided it was best to send students home, as they would not fix the problem before students’ lunch.
After a multitude of town officials, including the director of the Department of Health, Town Manager and Superintendent Lincoln Lynch came to the scene, Imbusch announced to students that he would dismiss them from school at the end of third period.
Although there was a crisis at hand, Walpole High students were pleased after hearing about an early dismissal.
Walpole High janitors first noticed a smell on Monday, but it was not until Wednesday morning when janitor David Wood

########
Rank: 23
Score: 36.148785
Retrieved Text: When water takes forever to drain from your bath or basin the firs thing we do is to try and unclog it with a plunger which will be effective in the case of a minor blockage but if the plunger has no effect at all it is best to call in a professional plumber like our team at Gauteng in the Gauteng region because slow running drains are not always caused by hair that forms clogging and the problem may need more extensive plumbing methods with the proper tools and replacement parts since a damaged water trap or corroded leaking pipes can also cause a slow running drain.
Hair flushed down the toilet will eventually get caught in rough edges caused by worn and old piping will eventually get stuck and systematically over a period of time cause a blockage, linked to the fact and you should take care to avoid getting hair into the basin trap. In these cases we have removed that the piping in the Gauteng are old and worn we need to regularly clear hair from the sewer system to clear a slow running drain.
Greasy elements and food flushed down the kitchen sink is another favorite in the Gauteng area. Best avoid doing this to ensure that you don’t start off with a partial blockage and eventually a full blown blocked drain due to the fatty substances creating a partial or full blockage of your sewer system in the Gauteng area.
We have had to clear some slow running drains due to “foreign” objects

########
Rank: 24
Score: 36.122246
Retrieved Text: We provide a guarantee with every sewer and drain cleaning job and sewer and drain pipe repair job that is completed by our company.
Every plumber and sewer and drain company should provide you with someone to call and he will answer the phone when you call during and after the sewer and drain job.
Sewer and drain cleaning becomes a simple task when you hire a good sewer and drain company and there is always a certain chance, although its small, that you might have to call back as the water is not flowing through the pipe as fast as it should or a blockage is coming from two or more sources so solving a problem in the one source and opening it there did completely clear the line, and that is why you get a warranty every time we perform a job at your house or commercial building.
Sewer line or any drain line that was cleaned should not be clogged again, unless someone again threw any items into the line.
With residential homeowners we provide a full guarantee for every sewer job, assuming and in case we do need to come back and clear the pipe, which is very rare, we will not find new items that are blocking the lines like diapers or paper towels that caused the clog again.
With commercial sewer cleaning, the warranty is much more complicated as tenants might drop something into the common sewer line and nobody can tell who did it, and management still needs to pay the cost to unclog

########
Rank: 25
Score: 36.094234
Retrieved Text: You’re standing over the toilet. Your proud toddler just flushed the entire roll of toilet paper. You blame yourself; you encouraged him to “go potty” on his own and he did.
At best, you may find religion in this moment, praying to the plumbing powers-that-be that his #2 and all its accompanying toilet paper will find its way down. All the way down. “Please don’t clog,” you mutter.
Plumbing issues are not just potentially costly; they can shut a home down in a quagmire of literal muck. Fortunately, smart homeowners have the opportunity to prevent most issues with preventative maintenance while not dismissing the warning signs.
One pesky toilet or shower drain clog can lead to bigger issues in your septic tank or sewer pipe fast.
Your San Diego plumbing service recommends drain snaking for drain cleaning, not just overflowing toilet clogs and other immediate plumbing (drain or sewer) emergencies.
This may seem like a no-brainer, but homeowners often fail to recognize a growing problem because a drain might literally drain progressively slower over time. A slow draining pipe may be a localized plumbing problem or suggest a bigger issue.
For example, the blockage might be something as simple as an issue with your garbage disposal failing. It may be a drain blockage in the base of the toilet floor drain. There are a myriad of possibilities.
Store-bought drain cleaner might solve the problem, for now. A DIY drain unclogger might release the blockage, but you might not see the whole problem that a drain cleaning service could discover. These drain cleaners are

########
Rank: 26
Score: 35.925636
Retrieved Text: I know how to fix the toilet that won’t flush properly.
This pic shows the water inlet to the cistern and the outlet valve or flushing mechanism that sends the water into your toilet pan.
Either of the valves shown could be faulty.
If the inlet valve doesn’t shut-off, it will cause the cistern to overfill and spill into the overflow tube that will run down into the pan.
You may need a new inlet valve.
If the outlet valve is leaking into the pan, the outlet valve may need to be replaced or re-washered.
Either of these valves leaking could be causing leaks into the pan.
If you’re not sure, just ask us.
“My toilet won’t flush properly” is a common cry for help in our emergency plumbing business.
We then ask, Do you mean the dirty water won’t flush away?
A recent study showed 95 % of men and women say they wash their hands after using the toilet, especially a public toilet.
Funnily enough, only 67% of people actually do wash their hands after using a public loo or the toilets in their workplace. There have been quite a few surveys done on the topic and some innovative ideas to check on whether we did or didn’t wash.
It’s quite well documented that the toilet flush button is one of the most un-hygienic places in the bathroom and I’m hoping that all our readers apply the simple rule.
Flush when you’re finished! But, think about it, What did you do before you flushed the loo?
So, wash your hands after a trip to the bathroom.
For us, the

########
Rank: 27
Score: 35.868763
Retrieved Text: Click here to view the Fats Oil and Grease draft ordiance.
Click here to view the Fat Oil and Grease penalty schedule.
The sanitary sewer collection system includes over 800 miles of sanitary and storm sewers including force mains, 7,000 manholes, 25 sanitary lift stations and 21 storm sewer lift stations.
The City of Waterloo sanitary sewer system provides service to an estimated population of 70,000 residents.
Sewer Backup Complaint: Provide emergency on-call service 24-hours per day, 7 days per week.
If there is not a blockage in City main, advise customer to contact a plumber.
If there is a blockage in City main, blockage will be cleared by sewer maintenance.
Waterloo residents, who experience sewer backups during heavy rains, may find an effective solution to this situation.
Section. 710.0 Drainage of Fixtures Located Below the Next Upstream Manhole or Below the Main Sewer Level. 710.1 Drainage piping serving fixtures which have flood level rims located below the elevation of the next upstream manhole cover of the public or private sewer serving such drainage piping shall be protected from backflow of sewage by installing an approved type backwater valve. Fixtures above such elevation shall not discharge through the backwater valve.
The provisions outlined in this section of the City code are meant to protect property from sewer backups from the city sewer main.
In addition to footing drains and other connections to the sanitary system, backups in the city sewer main are caused by a variety of things and from debris being introduced into the sanitary sewer that the system was not designed to handle. The

########
Rank: 28
Score: 35.86364
Retrieved Text: Have a blocked drain that needs unblocking?
At Pure Plumbing Professionals, our blocked drain plumbers use the latest technology and best quality products available on the market. We have extensive experience dealing with all kinds of drainage and sewer systems. Our plumbers are fully licensed and qualified to tackle all blocked drain situations. Don’t risk a build-up of grease, hair, food or scum. Our Plumbers cover the northern suburbs of Sydney and will guarantee that your drainage system is clean, clear and fit for service.
What if the blockage is not on my property?
A sewer choke or blocked drain can be cause by any number of factors, but the most common is a tree root or that someone has put something down the pipe that they shouldn't!
A sewer choke may not always be in your private wastewater pipes, but instead might be in the public wastewater system. In this case Sydney Water are responsible to come and fix the blockage.
If we find the leak to be the responsibility of Sydney Water, then we'll call them and request they come out and fix the problem. You can be reimbursed in this case for any out of pocket expenses (like paying a licensed plumber to come out and inspect the drains). All you need to do is submit a sewer choke claim form to Sydney Water with a copy of the paid invoice.
We use the latest CCTV technology to get to the cause of your blocked drain. We can give you a detailed report with photos of the problem areas

########
Rank: 29
Score: 35.852932
Retrieved Text: Sewer backup can wreak havoc on a home, causing thousands of dollars in damage to floors, walls, furniture and electrical systems. Sewer backup is something none of us want to experience – especially during the holiday season! Let’s learn a little bit about sewer backup, what can cause them and what we can do to possibly prevent them from happening.
When a blockage exists in the sewer main or service line forcing sewage back into a structure. Buildings with basements, drains, or plumbing fixtures are vulnerable to sewer backups. Signs of sewer backups include gurgling sounds coming from drains and pipes, strong sewage smells, sewage coming from drains, or flooding.
Most homeowners may not realize that they are responsible for the maintenance and repair of their house or sewer lateral (the pipeline between the city sewer main, usually located in the street, and the building.) The city is responsible for clearing blockages in sewer mains but it’s the responsibility of the homeowner to maintain their service line (the line running from the main to your home).
So what can cause a sewer backup?
Unfortunately there are quite a few culprits. Grease and tree roots are the main causes of backups. Grease poured down drains can solidify and cause blockages. Trees and shrubs seeking moisture will make their way into sewer line cracks, diminishing flow capacity and trapping debris. Other causes are: aging sewer systems, combined pipelines, and bulky items that do not deteriorate quickly (paper towels, plastic bags, diapers, washcloths, towels). Backups can also occur when storm drainages are connected

================



======= Instance Index 619 =========
Input Text: The word "base" has multiple meanings. Does it have the same meaning in sentences 1 and 2? Yes or no?

Sentence 1: He told the painter that he wanted a yellow base with just a hint of green.
Sentence 2: Bases include oxides and hydroxides of metals and ammonia.

Target Text: No

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 51.284325
Retrieved Text: Looking to buy or sell Inorganic Bases? List your company on Macro Market.
The top exporters of Inorganic Bases are China ($2.19B), the United States ($2.15B), Russia ($1.07B), Germany ($1.01B) and the Netherlands ($626M). The top importers are the United States ($1.51B), Japan ($851M), South Korea ($835M), Germany ($807M) and India ($743M).
Inorganic Bases is also known as metallic oxides, hydroxides, peroxides, ammonia, anhydrous, aqueous solution, sodium hydroxide, caustic soda, solid, potassium, peroxides, oxides, aluminum, artificial corundum, magnesium, strontium, barium.
Inorganic Bases is a 4 digit SITC product.
This treemap shows the share of countries that export Inorganic Bases.
This treemap shows the share of countries that import Inorganic Bases.
This visualization shows products that are likely to be exported by countries that export Inorganic Bases.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 41.537262
Retrieved Text: 5.	What is a strong acid?
A: Strong acids are acids that undergoes complete ionization of hydrogen ions in water.
6.	What is a weak acid?
A: Weak acids are acids that undergoes partial ionization of hydroxide ions in water.
A: An indicator is a chemical substance added to determine the pH of a substance.
8.	What are the common indicators?
A: Universal indicator - Red at pH 1 for strong acids, Orange and yellow for weak acids, Green for neutral solution, blue for weak alkali and violet for strong alkali.
9.	What exactly is neutralization?
A: Process where acids and bases react with form salt and water only.
10.	What is a base?
A: A substance that reacts with acids to form salt and water. When it is soluble, it forms an alkali.
11.	What are the products when acids react with metals?
A: Salt and hydrogen gas.
12.	What are the products when acids react with metal carbonate?
A: Salt, water and carbon dioxide.
13.	What are the products when acids react with metal oxide, also known as a base?
14.	What are the products when acids react with metal hydroxide, also known as a base?
15.	What is produced when bases dissolved in water?
16.	Write the ionization equations of all common acids, including state symbols.
17.	Write the ionization equations of common alkalis, including state symbols.
A: NaOH --> Na+ + OH- or Ca(OH)2 --> Ca2+ + 2OH- or NH4OH --> NH4+ + OH- and again all state symbols are aq.
18.	Describe a simple test to prove that water is needed for the ionization of acids.
A: Dissolve nitric acid into water and ethanol separately. Connect a light bulb and a battery to the solution. The

########
Rank: 2
Score: 40.725967
Retrieved Text: (i) Periodic properties and their variations in groups and periods.
(ii) Periodicity on the basis of atomic number for elements.
Relation between atomic number for light elements (proton number) and atomic mass for light elements; the modern periodic table up to period 3 (students to be exposed to the complete modern periodic table but no questions will be asked on elements beyond period 3 – Argon); periodicity and other related properties to be described in terms of shells (not orbitals); special reference to the alkali metals and halogen groups.
Electrovalent, covalent and co-ordinate bonding, structures of various compounds – orbit structure and electron dot structure.
Characteristic properties of electrovalent compounds – state of existence, melting and boiling points, conductivity (heat and electricity), ionisation in solution, dissociation in solution and in molten state to be linked with electrolysis.
Characteristic properties of Covalent compounds – state of existence, melting and boiling points, conductivity (heat and electricity), ionisation in solution.
Comparison of Electrovalent and Covalent compounds.
Definition of Coordinate Bond: The lone pair effect of the oxygen atom of the water molecule and the nitrogen atom of the ammonia molecule to explain the formation of H3O+ and OH- ions in water and NH4 + ion. The meaning of lone pair; the formation of hydronium ion and ammonium ion must be explained with help of electron dot diagrams.
(i) Simple definitions in terms of the molecules and their characteristic properties.
Examples with equation for the ionisation/dissociation of ions of acids, bases and salts: acids form hydronium ions (only positive ions) which turn blue litmus red, alkalis form hydroxyl ions

########
Rank: 3
Score: 38.600624
Retrieved Text: Two independent pathways for corrosion of elements are hydrolysis and oxidation by oxygen. The combination of water and oxygen is even more corrosive. Virtually all elements burn in an atmosphere of oxygen, or an oxygen rich environment. In the presence of water and oxygen (or simply air), some elements— sodium—react rapidly, to give the hydroxides. In part for this reason, alkali and alkaline earth metals are not found in nature in their metallic, i.e., native, form. Caesium is so reactive with oxygen that it is used as a getter in vacuum tubes, and solutions of potassium and sodium, so-called NaK are used to deoxygenate and dehydrate some organic solvents. The surface of most metals consists of oxides and hydroxides in the presence of air. A well-known example is aluminium foil, which is coated with a thin film of aluminium oxide that passivates the metal, slowing further corrosion. The aluminium oxide layer can be built to greater thickness by the process of electrolytic anodising. Though solid magnesium and aluminium react slowly with oxygen at STP—they, like most metals, burn in air, generating very high temperatures. Finely grained powders of most metals can be dangerously explosive in air. Consequently, they are often used in solid-fuel rockets.
Conversion of a metal oxide to the metal is called reduction. Reduction can be induced with many reagents. Many metal oxides convert to metals simply by heating.
Cornell, R. M.; Schwertmann, U. (2003). The Iron Oxides: Structure, Properties, Reactions, Occurrences and Uses, Second Edition. p. 306. doi:10.1002/3527602097.
Sulzberger, Barbara; Suter, Daniel; Siffert, Christophe; Banwart, Steven;

########
Rank: 4
Score: 37.910553
Retrieved Text: The mechanism of surface water remediation in a natural wetland that is receiving heavy metal-rich acidic mine drainage was investigated. Selective sequential extraction was useful to derive the mechanisms of heavy metal removal in the wetland. In the upstream portion of the wetland, dissolved Fe was removed mainly as oxide-bounded mineral phases, such as hydroxides. These are important for the subsequent removal of other heavy metals. Other ion-exchangeable and carbonate-bounded heavy metals are also observed in the upstream, associated with Fe oxides. Organic matter and Fe–Mn oxides in the upstream remove Cu and Zn ions from the drainage, respectively. In the middle of portion of the wetland the removal of heavy metal ions in relatively low concentrations occurs by the emergent vegetation. Greater clay abundance and higher microbial activity of sulfate reducing bacteria in the downstream parts achieved low-level removal of metals. Multi-cell wetlands are recommended for the treatment of acidic metal bearing surface water drainage, if sufficient land area and expenses are available to construct.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 36.085728
Retrieved Text: Obtain an overview of the global import markets of Iron Oxides and Hydroxides, HS code 2821. You can learn about the current and historical import volume & price information.
Learn about the current / historical import values and market shares of the world’s most competitive countries for Iron Oxides and Hydroxides, HS code 2821.
Learn about the current / historical import prices and trends of the world’s most competitive countries for Iron Oxides and Hydroxides, HS code 2821.
The Hirschman Herfindahl Index is a measure of the dispersion of trade value across an importer's partners. A country with trade (export or import) that is concentrated in a very few markets will have an index value close to 1. Similarly, a country with a perfectly diversified trade portfolio will have an index close to zero.
Learn about the world’s leading importing countries and the detailed analysis of their competitiveness as an importer of Iron Oxides and Hydroxides, HS code 2821.
Explore detailed information about the exports and imports of Iron Oxides and Hydroxides , HS code 2821 . You can discover details including export/import trends, prices, top countries, products, and suppliers.
Looking for reliable suppliers of Iron Oxides and Hydroxides?
Simply let us know what you are looking for and we will use our global network of local sourcing agents, the “Finders”, and extensive market data & intelligences to reach out to reliable suppliers in different countries.
Explore intelligences related to Iron Oxides and Hydroxides 2821 You can discover details including top producers, real-time market prices, local product varieties, seasonality, production volumes, and more.
Carbon; carbon

########
Rank: 6
Score: 35.5313
Retrieved Text: Substances that can react with acids and neutralise them to make a salt and water are called bases. They are usually metal oxides or metal hydroxides. For example, copper oxide and sodium... Sodium chloride, common salt, is a useful raw material. Several useful substances can be obtained from it, including chlorine, hydrogen and sodium hydroxide.
Adult intake of kitchen salt is on average 9 g per day, which translates to approximately 4 g of sodium. People with heart and kidney disease are recommended a sodium poor diet. People with heart and kidney disease are recommended a sodium poor diet.... Some metal ions (cations) can be identified by the formation of coloured precipitates with sodium hydroxide solution. The non–metallic ion, the ammonium ion, can be detected with the same reagent, sodium hydroxide, because ammonia gas is released, especially if the mixture is gently warmed.
Sodium + Chlorine: Pass the Salt, Please . Sodium is a silver-colored metal which is soft enough to cut with a knife. It is an extremely reactive metal, and is always found naturally in ionic compounds, not in its pure metallic form.... Eliminating Salt from Well Water Salt is a common substance that can leach into groundwater and drinking supplies from a variety of places causing water well contamination . When salt dissolves in water, it breaks up into positively- and negatively-charged sodium and chloride ions.
Salts and Sodium in Drinking Water How much is Safe?
A hot bath with equal parts baking soda (sodium bicarbonate) and sea salt assists in detoxification from exposure to heavy metals

########
Rank: 7
Score: 34.997257
Retrieved Text: Stains and scales in swimming pools are caused by the oxides, hydroxides and carbonates of metals. Dequest® phosphonates to control staining and scaling are an alternative to the tedious and disagreeable task of acid cleaning. Dequest® phosphonates operate by forming water-soluble complexes with metals ; they are particularly effective in stain removal because they prefer to bind the heavy metals which cause staining.
There is a mechanism for Dequest® phosphonates and their metal complexes to be removed from the pool. Dequest® phosphonates degrade slowly in the presence of pool oxidizing biocides, especially in bright sunlight. As the soluble metal complex is degraded by oxidizing biocides and sunlight, re-precipitation of the metal and consequent re-staining is a danger. Well-equipped pools, however, have filtration rates 3-4 times the rate of degradation, so any precipitates should be picked up on the filter as they are formed. This is the best way to deal with heavy metal stains as the metal is actually removed from the pool.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 34.96078
Retrieved Text: A clear to water-white liquid which may have a pungent odor. Contact may cause severe irritation to skin, eyes, and mucous membranes. It may be toxic by ingestion, inhalation and skin absorption. It is used to make other chemicals.
Dilution with water may generate enough heat to cause steaming or spattering.
LITHIUM HYDROXIDE SOLUTION neutralizes acids exothermically to form salts plus water. Reacts with certain metals (such as aluminum and zinc) to form oxides or hydroxides of the metal and generate gaseous hydrogen. May initiate polymerization reactions in polymerizable organic compounds, especially epoxides. May generate flammable and/or toxic gases with ammonium salts, nitrides, halogenated organics, various metals, peroxides, and hydroperoxides. May serve as a catalyst. Reacts when heated above about 84°C with aqueous solutions of reducing sugars other than sucrose, to evolve toxic levels of carbon monoxide [Bretherick, 5th Ed., 1995].

########
Rank: 9
Score: 34.234047
Retrieved Text: Literature References: K; at. wt 39.0983; at. no. 19; valence 1. Group IA (1). Alkali metal. Occurrence in earth's crust: 2.59% by wt. Naturally occurring isotopes: 39 (93.26%); 40 (0.012%); 41 (6.73%); 40K is radioactive: T½ 1.27 ´ 109 years; known isotopes range in mass number from 35 to 54. Found mainly as the chloride (sylvite); also in the aluminosilicates orthoclase, and microcline (KAlSi3O8), and as carnallite (KCl.MgCl2.6H2O). Major essential element for plant growth. First prepd in free form by Davy in 1807 by electrolysis of fused potassium hydroxide. Produced industrially by chemical reduction. Prepns: Hackspill, Helv. Chim. Acta 11, 1003 (1928); Jackson, Werner, US 2480655 (1949 to Mine Safety Appliances Co.). NMR spectrum of potassium anion (K-): P. P. Edwards et al., Nature 317, 242 (1985). Reviews: Whaley, "Sodium, Potassium, Rubidium, Cesium, and Francium" in Comprehensive Inorganic Chemistry vol. 1, J. C. Bailar, Jr. et al., Eds. (Pergamon Press, Oxford, 1973) pp 369-529; Chemistry of the Elements N. N. Greenwood, A. Earnshaw, Eds. (Pergamon Press, New York, 1984) pp 75-116; K.-W. Chiu in Kirk-Othmer Encyclopedia of Chemical Technology vol. 19 (Wiley-Interscience, New York, 4th ed., 1996) pp 1047-1057.
Properties: Soft, silvery-white metal; body-centered cubic structure; tarnishes on exposure to air; becomes brittle at low temps; mp 63.2°. bp 765.5°. d20 0.856. Specific heat (0°): 0.176 cal/g deg. Thermal conductivity (cal/sec °C cm): 0.23 (21°); 0.956 (400°). Sol in liq ammonia, ethylenediamine, aniline; sol in several metals; forms liquid alloys with other alkali metals. Emits characteristic violet color (766.5 nm) in flame. One of the most active

########
Rank: 10
Score: 33.934868
Retrieved Text: A total of 120 sediments from 12 cores of Portman Bay (SE Spain) were studied to assess the degree of contamination and ecological risk related to potentially toxic elements (PTEs) by combining a geochemical and mineralogical characterization with the assessment of the bioavailable forms of trace metals (As, Cd, Cu, Fe, Pb, Zn). With this purpose, sediment contamination was assessed by total and water-soluble content, and potential bioavailability by the simultaneously extracted metals and acid-volatile sulphides (SEM-AVS) approach, and by an oral bioaccessibility extraction procedure.
The sediments are essentially sandy (>80%). The most important minerals are: iron phases such as siderite, iron oxides and hydroxides and pyrite; clay minerals such as clinochlore, greenalite and biotite; and quartz. Occasionally, jarosite and carbonates (calcite and dolomite) appear. The total PTEs content is high whereas the sediments generally have a very low soluble PTE content.
The SEM/AVS ratio is less than unity in most samples, indicating that there is enough sulphur so that if there was a release of metals, they could precipitate as sulphides. After the bioaccessibility extraction, the results showed that zinc and cadmium are more bioaccessible in the intestinal environment (alkaline) while the rest of the elements have greater availability in the stomach (acid).

########
Rank: 11
Score: 33.32955
Retrieved Text: In chemistry, a base is most commonly thought of as a substance that can accept protons. This refers to the Brønsted-Lowry theory of acids and bases. Alternate definitions of bases include electron pair donors (Lewis), as sources of hydroxide anions (Arrhenius) and can be (commonly) thought of as any chemical compound that, when dissolved in water, gives a solution with a pH higher than 7.0. Examples of simple bases are sodium hydroxide and ammonia.
Bases can be thought of as the chemical opposite of acids. A reaction between an acid and base is called neutralization. Bases and acids are seen as opposites because the effect of an acid is to increase the hydronium ion (H3O+) concentration in water, whereas bases reduce this concentration. Bases react with acids to produce water and salts (or their solutions).
A strong base is a base which hydrolyzes completely, raising the pH of the solution towards 14. Strong bases, like strong acids, attack living tissue and cause serious burns. They react differently to skin than acids do, so while strong acids are corrosive, we say that strong bases are caustic. Superbases are a class of especially basic compounds and non-nucleophilic bases are a special class of strong bases with poor nucleophilicity. Bases may also be weak bases such as ammonia, which is used for cleaning. Arrhenius bases are water-soluble and these solutions always have a pH greater than 7. An alkali is a special example of a base, where in an aqueous environment, hydroxide ions(also viewed as OH-) are donated. There are other

########
Rank: 12
Score: 33.326946
Retrieved Text: Alkaline Earth Metals are any of the elements beryllium, magnesium, calcium, strontium, barium, and radium. They are reactive and form basic oxides that react with water to form comparatively insoluble hydroxides. They are in Group 2 of the periodic table. They easily lose electrons. They are shiny, relatively soft, and white or silvery in color. Beryllium is used in springs, magnesium is used in medicines, and calcium is in milk,and strontium is used to make fire works.
Magnesium is used in medicines. Its also an essential element in both plant and animal life. It can also be used to make paints and inks.
Beryllium is used as a moderator in nuclear reactors. It's also used to make X-Ray windows.
Calcium is used to produce the minerals the minerals contained in bones, shells, and teeth.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 32.96387
Retrieved Text: Question 1: Which of the following pairs will give displacement reactions?
(a) NaCl solution and copper metal.
(b) MgCl2 solution and aluminium metal.
(c) FeSO4 solution and silver metal.
Question 2: Which of the following methods is suitable for preventing an iron frying pan from rusting?
Question 5: You are given a hammer, a battery, a bulb, wires and a switch.
By beating the samples with hammer we can check its malleability. If the sample is malleable then it is a metal otherwise non-metal. Similarly, we will make a circuit as shown in the figure and check the electrical conductivity of the sample. If with the sample (test material), the bulb glows on turning the switch on, the sample is likely to be a metal otherwise a non-metal.
(b) The above tests are generally useful in distinguishing between metals and non-metals. Since, these are based on only physical properties and no chemical reaction is involved in these tests. Only exception is graphite which is a good conductor of electricity although it is a non-metal.
Question 6: What are amphoteric oxides? Give two examples of amphoteric oxides.
Another example of amphoteric oxide is - Zinc oxide.
Question 7: Name two metals which will displace hydrogen from dilute acids, and two metals which will not.
Answer: Metals that displace hydrogen: Magnesium, zinc. Metals that do not displace hydrogen: Copper, gold.
Question 8: In the electrolytic refining of a metal M, what would you take as the anode, the cathode and the electrolyte?
In this process, the impure metal is made the anode and a thin strip of pure metal is made

########
Rank: 14
Score: 32.831352
Retrieved Text: Answer Q.1: Gold and Silver.
Answer Q.3: K is the most reactive and Au is the least reactive metal.
Answer Q.8: Non-metals do not react with water.
Answer Q.9: A reaction in which a more reactive metal displaces the less reactive metal from its compound in aqueous solution is called displacement reaction. For example, when iron nails are dipped in copper sulphate solution, the iron being more reactive displaces copper from its solution and form ferrous sulphate solution of light green colour.
Answer Q.10: Silver is less reactive than hydrogen therefore, it can not displace hydrogen from dilute hydrochloric acid.
Answer Q.11: Materials which make a ringing (metallic) sound when hit hard by some other material are called sonorous materials. All metals except the soft ones are sonorous while non-metals are not sonorous.
Malleability: The property of metals by which they can be beaten into thin sheets. This is one of the characteristic properties of metals.
Ductility: It is the property of metals by which they can be drawn into wires is called ductility.
Metals: Metals are those materials which are generally hard (except Na and K), lustrous, mostly exists in solid state (except mercury), malleable, ductile, sonorous and also good conductors of heat and electricity.
Non-Metals: Non-metals are those materials which are found in all the three states (solid, liquid and gas), non-lustrous, non-sonorous, neither malleable nor ductile and also bad conductors of heat and electricity. The oxides of non-metals are acidic in nature.
Metalloids: Metalloids are those materials which possess the qualities of both metals and non-metals.
Answer Q.13: In the presence of moisture iron

########
Rank: 15
Score: 32.48103
Retrieved Text: Sediment samples were collected through the purpose sampling method from various streams in Akpabuyo L.G.A, ten sample location were selected. The concentration and areal distribution of selected metals (Fe, Zn, Mn, Cr, Ni, Co, Cu, Cd, Pb) in the sediments of Akpabuyo streams .Geo-accumulation index have been calculated to assess whether the concentrations observed represent background or contamination levels. It proves that the choice of the background plays an important role in the interpretation of the geo-chemical data. It is concluded that the selected streams in Akpabuyo is uncontaminated except a metal (Cd) which it i-geo value is 1 which means it is moderately/uncontaminated.
Heavy metals pollution of aquatic ecosystem is becoming a potential global problem, pollution typically refers to chemicals or other substance in concentration greater than it would occur under natural conditions. Water pollution is the introduction by man of substances into the aquatic environment resulting from deleterious effect as harm to human health (FAO 1990).The presence of increased level of heavy metals in the aquatic environment has been of much concern for the past decades due to adverse effect of some metals on living organisms in food chains leading to man. Pollutants are the cause of major water quality degradation around the world. Several toxic metals which are important to the environment and human health have been detected in aquatic media. These toxic metals include the non-essential meals and are no importance to humans (Borgman and Norwood 2002).
Trace amount of heavy metals are always present in fresh water from terrigenous sources such as weathering

########
Rank: 16
Score: 32.175785
Retrieved Text: These Venetian Glass Beads are handmade in the "Miro" style; made in honor of, and paying homage to the artist, Joan (hwan) Miro, who lived from April 20, 1893 to December 25, 1983. He was a Spanish Catalan painter, sculptor, and ceramicist born in Barcelona, Spain. These 16mm disc shaped beads, which we named "Lentils" long ago, have many colors; starting with a base of green Murano Glass, with 24 Karat Gold foil, accented with stringers of black, yellow, red, blue and Aventurina (copper).

########
Rank: 17
Score: 30.951996
Retrieved Text: Born and raised in Long Beach, California, at age seven Jim knew he wanted to be a painter. However it would be several years before a pivotal event helped shape the developing, self-taught artist’s career: the day he picked up an issue of “Life Magazine” and discovered Salvador Dali.
Looking at Dali’s paintings in Life, Jim realized his own art could be anything he wanted it to be, and, while influenced by Dali, Norman Rockwell, Andy Warhol, Rembrandt, Magritte, Monet, Peter Max and others, he set out to further develop his own unique style of painting.
In 1986, Jim was commissioned to create a painting for another gifted individual, world-renowned recording artist, Prince. Jim was given very limited information on which to base the painting other than a one-page sheet containing 13 instructions such as, “a fat man hugging a tiger,” “two men with hair shorter on one side, playing the tambourine.” Jim was instructed, “use your imagination,” which, of course, he did. Upon completion of the painting he was told that Prince loved it.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 30.922375
Retrieved Text: Iron Oxide are chemical compounds composed of iron and oxygen. All together, there are sixteen known iron oxides and oxyhydroxides. Iron oxides and oxide-hydroxides are widespread in nature, play an important role in many geological and biological processes, and are widely used by humans, e.g., as iron ores, pigments, catalysts, in thermite (see the diagram) and hemoglobin. Common rust is a form of iron(III) oxide. Iron oxides are widely used as inexpensive, durable pigments in paints, coatings and colored concretes. Colors commonly available are in the "earthy" end of the yellow/orange/red/brown/black range. When used as a food coloring, it has E number E172.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 30.43108
Retrieved Text: , yellowish to dark brown mineral, a hydrated oxide of iron, FeO(OH)·nH2O, occurring commonly in deposits of secondary origin, i.e., those formed by the alteration of minerals containing iron.
an iron ore consisting of a natural agglomeration of hydroxides of iron (goethite, hydro-goethite, lepidocrocite, and other hydroxides) mixed with oxides and hydroxides of silicon and aluminum. Brown hematite is a finely dispersed mixture of minerals, ranging in color from dark-brown to light-yellow. It is observed in the form of friable ocherous masses, oolites, bean ore, concretions, and stalactites. It sometimes displaces pyrite, marcasite, and other iron-bearing sulfides, carbonates, and oxides and the organic mineral remains.
Brown hematite is one of the most widely distributed iron ores, having industrial value when it contains more than 30 per cent iron and a sufficiently small percentage of harmful admixtures—sulfur, phosphorus, and arsenic. Formation of brown hematite is due to oxidation processes in the surface zone of the earth’s crust. It is widely used in the metallurgical industry. The most important deposits of brown hematite are sedimentary (sea, river, lake, and marsh) and erosion crusts of ultrabasic rocks. The largest sedimentary oolite deposits of brown hematite are in the Western Siberian basin, Lisakovsk, Aiat, and Kerch, of the USSR, and in the Lotharingian area of France. Naturally alloyed brown hematite deposits of the erosion crust of ultrabasic rocks (with admixtures of nickel, chromium, and cobalt), which serve as the raw material for smelting of chrome-nickel steels and crude iron, are found in the USSR in the Urals (Khalilovo, Serov, and other locations),

########
Rank: 20
Score: 30.397528
Retrieved Text: Coordination Chemistry Reviews, 2014, 270–271, 112–126.
This review focuses on the synthesis, reactivity and structural chemistry of zinc hydroxides and oxides derived essentially from organozinc compounds. It demonstrates the advantages of the organometallic route to these classes of compounds that is time and atom efficient. We have surveyed the preparation of organozinc hydroxide complexes via direct hydrolysis of both R2Zn compounds and alkylzinc complexes of the type RZn(L) (where L = monoanionic, mono- or multidentate organic ligand). The variety of their molecular structures is discussed with an emphasis on how the character of zinc bonded alkyl substituents or L ligands can influence the stability and the mode of aggregation of the resulting zinc hydroxides. The section dedicated to synthetic procedures and the solid state structures of zinc oxides focuses on the following aspects: (i) zincoxane compounds; (ii) the encapsulation of ZnO species into organozinc moieties and (iii) zinc oxide complexes supported by organic ligands. Finally, utility of oxozinc carboxylates as a predesigned molecular platform for modelling of the reactivity of prototypical Zn-MOFs towards H2O and donor solvents is presented.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 30.378597
Retrieved Text: Today I had a lively in-studio conversation with friend, colleague and restorer Eowyn Kerr on Caravaggio, his technique (did he glaze?) and why a painter should never underestimate the potential of a good table cloth. She was even kind enough to make for me a lovely sketch on how to understand the cross-section of a painting sample (though she refused to sign it) and, in doing so, she suggested to me that Caravaggio did not lay in a lead white base for flesh to then glaze down, but rather, worked with a flesh mid-tone, then made the highlights with a flesh-colored lead white mix. To be specific: begin the flesh with an “extender white” or “shell white” (once known as “Biacco di San Giovanni”) mixed with some yellow ochre, green earth and vermillion, then, over that, the lead white flesh.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 30.157824
Retrieved Text: (3) ZVMO 1982, 111, No.2, p.244.
(4) Anthony J.W., Bideaux R.A., Bladh K.W., Nichols M.C. (1997): Handbook of Mineralogy, Volume III, Halides, Hydroxides, Oxides, Mineral data publishing, Tucson, Arizona, s.258.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 30.130825
Retrieved Text: This oxidation process leads to the removal of the hydrogen sulfide found in many sources of natural gas. The deposits of sulfur in volcanic regions may be the result of the oxidation of H 2 S present in volcanic gases.
Binary compounds containing only hydrogen and a halogen are hydrogen halides . At room temperature, the pure hydrogen halides HF, HCl, HBr, and HI are gases.
In general, it is possible to prepare the halides by the general techniques used to prepare other acids. Fluorine, chlorine, and bromine react directly with hydrogen to form the respective hydrogen halide. This is a commercially important reaction for preparing hydrogen chloride and hydrogen bromide.
Gaseous hydrogen fluoride is also a by-product in the preparation of phosphate fertilizers by the reaction of fluoroapatite, Ca 5 (PO 4 ) 3 F, with sulfuric acid. The reaction of concentrated sulfuric acid with a chloride salt produces hydrogen chloride both commercially and in the laboratory.
All of the hydrogen halides are very soluble in water, forming hydrohalic acids. With the exception of hydrogen fluoride, which has a strong hydrogen-fluoride bond, they are strong acids. Reactions of hydrohalic acids with metals, metal hydroxides, oxides, or carbonates produce salts of the halides. Most chloride salts are soluble in water. AgCl, PbCl 2 , and Hg 2 Cl 2 are the commonly encountered exceptions.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 30.032993
Retrieved Text: (1) Amer. Mineral. 79, 555-561, 1994 (new mineral).
(3) Anthony J.W., Bideaux R.A., Bladh K.W., Nichols M.C. (1997): Handbook of Mineralogy, Volume III, Halides, Hydroxides, Oxides, Mineral data publishing, Tucson, Arizona, s.247.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 29.974525
Retrieved Text: With stabilized alkali metals, customers are achieving production efficiencies and yields they never thought possible.
The volatile nature of alkali metals has limited their use, particularly in large-scale operations. While excellent conductors of energy and heat, alkali metals are costly, dangerous, and difficult to manage.
SiGNa has created a portfolio of safe, free-flowing solids that retain the reactivity of the original metal, but without any dangerous or highly combustible properties. The secret is SiGNa’s technology for the dissolution of reactive metals into nanostructured inorganic oxides, such as silica and alumina, which preserves the reactivity of the metal while controlling its propensity to react violently with water and oxygen.
Retain the power of the parent metal and increase energy efficiency.
High speed reduction reactions at room temp and pressure.
No liquid ammonia or cryogenic temperatures are needed.
Simplified processing operations help reduce production costs.
The resulting alkali metal solid solutions are easily handled in the lab, pilot plants, and commercial manufacturing facilities, allowing the full potential of alkali metals to be realized for the first time. SiGNa’s products react controllably and with predictable activation and do not require toxic solvents and cryogenic temperatures. With these materials, the speed of critical reaction times can be increased up to 90% and processing steps can be eliminated. Usable in batch and continuous processes, stabilized alkali metals are used as reducing agents, catalysts and as a portable source of heat/hydrogen.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 29.930357
Retrieved Text: (2) Čuchrov a kol.(1963): Mineraly - spravočnik, tom II, vypusk 1, p.212.
(4) Anthony J.W., Bideaux R.A., Bladh K.W., Nichols M.C. (1997): Handbook of Mineralogy, Volume III, Halides, Hydroxides, Oxides, Mineral data publishing, Tucson, Arizona, s.119.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 29.84984
Retrieved Text: But can we take before and after pictures and send then to Dell for WELLARD keep the best ones for Del.
This will also be used for The Club bike diary that Del is building and when finished this will follow the bike to shows etc.
Del may also get the bike featured in other magazines so photos of all work however small are needed.
I took the head of today do I could send the headbolts to Moist.
So far the tank looks pretty sickly in lime green and blue, I am going back to the yellow idea.
As for yellow you had best check with Saddler unless you want him as your worst enemy!
I will never buy a green car or bike its just unlucky.
I would prefer yella and I hate that as well.
It was decided Custom Painter had a free hand to do whatever he wanted as there were to many different ideas.
The only person to know what its going to look like is him.
This was the only way or we would never agree.
I no as much as you mate.
Switches are looking good, shame I cant post what I have done.
I have had to swear the official RD secrets act.
I use hairyarsoles all the time havent you seen my work.
I find Upol to be very good in the satin black dept.
There was another one with a W on the can used to but it from one of the van salesman thingys very good as well.
probably the only difference Merv is I buy a dozen cans at a time.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 29.705816
Retrieved Text: SPL and SSL cannot just be discharged due to the environmental reasons described, therefore the fate of these effluents is usually neutralized with alkali substances to encourage the precipitation of metal hydroxides, primarily Fe and Zn.
The main concern related to water treatment are metals which are used as soluble salts. Liquid waste is generated during metal surface treatment processes such as degreasing, acid pickling, alloy baths or lacquering.
Life Dime treats SPL and SSL, which are an environmental problem for the steelmaking process, hot-dip galvanizing and other metallurgical sectors such as iron or aluminium industries. Life Dime provides a low cost process to recover HCl and metals salts (Zn or Fe) contained in SPL and SSL.
– Hydrolysis of ferrous salts into ferrous-ferric hydroxides, insoluble in water, results in ocher sediment.
– The reduction of oxygen dissolved in water produced by the above reaction decreases the regenerative power of rivers.
– The proliferation of ferruginous bacteria and ferritic deposits affecs flora and fauna.
– High Fe concentrations in the solution discards waters to be used for food supply, household or industrial purposes.
The toxic nature of certain additives used in metal surface treatment solutions such as corrosion inhibitors and surfactants with harmful effects to the environment.
– Contents of non-ferrous metals such as Zn, Cu … in pickling/galvanizing baths.
“It is estimated that for a production of 7.570.000 tonnes/year of steel a volume of 380.000 m3/year of SPL is produced in Europe (2017). The sludge produced after neutralization is estimated to be 190.000 tonnes/year.
The main environmental issues arising from the surface treatment of metals

########
Rank: 29
Score: 29.608183
Retrieved Text: Did not find your Coaching Center – Students?
Want to List Your Coaching Center – Owners?
General Topics Concept of atoms and molecules; Dalton’s atomic theory; Mole concept; Chemical formulae; Balanced chemical equations; Calculations (based on mole concept) involving common oxidation-reduction, neutralisation, and displacement reactions; Concentration in terms of mole fraction, morality and normality.
Gaseous And Liquid States Absolute scale of temperature, ideal gas equation; Deviation from ideality, van der Waals equation; Kinetic theory of gases, average, root mean square and most probable velocities and their relation with temperature; Law of partial pressures; Vapour pressure; Diffusion of gases.
Atomic Structure And Chemical Bonding Bohr model, spectrum of hydrogen atom, quantum numbers; Wave-particle duality, de Broglie hypothesis; Uncertainty principle; Qualitative quantum mechanical picture of hydrogen atom, shapes of s, p and d orbital’s; Electronic configurations of elements (up to atomic number 36); Aufbau principle; Pauli’s exclusion principle and Hund’s rule; Orbital overlap and covalent bond; Hybridisation involving s, p and d orbital’s only; Orbital energy diagrams for homonuclear diatomic species; Hydrogen bond; Polarity in molecules, dipole moment (qualitative aspects only); VSEPR model and shapes of molecules (linear, angular, triangular, square planar, pyramidal, square pyramidal, trigonal bipyramidal, tetrahedral and octahedral).
Energetics First law of thermodynamics; Internal energy, work and heat, pressure-volume work; Enthalpy, Hess’s law; Heat of reaction, fusion and vapourization; Second law of thermodynamics; Entropy; Free energy; Criterion of spontaneity.
Chemical Equilibrium: Law of mass action; Equilibrium constant, Le Chatelier’s principle (effect of concentration, temperature and pressure); Significance of DG and DGo in chemical equilibrium; Solubility product, common ion effect, pH and buffer

================



======= Instance Index 287 =========
Input Text: The word "exalt" has multiple meanings. Does it have the same meaning in sentences 1 and 2? Yes or no?

Sentence 1: These paintings exalt the imagination.
Sentence 2: The man was exalted from a humble carpenter to a minister.

Target Text: No

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 50.82235
Retrieved Text: transitive To honor; to hold in high esteem.
#: They exalted their queen.
#: The man was exalted from a humble carpenter to a minister.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 31.042156
Retrieved Text: Luke 18:14 NIV: "I tell you that this man, rather than the other, went home justified before God. For all those who exalt themselves will be humbled, and those who humble themselves will be exalted."
I say unto you, This [man] went down to his house justified rather than that [other]. For every one who exalts himself shall be humbled, and he that humbles himself shall be exalted.
Went down to his house justified - His sin blotted out; and himself accepted.
Rather than the other - Η εκεινος: that is, the other was not accepted, because he exalted himself - he made use of the mercies which he acknowledged he owed to God, to make claims on the Divine approbation, and to monopolize the salvation of the Most High! He was abased, because he vainly trusted that he was righteous, and depended on what he had been enabled to do, and looked not for a change of heart, nor for reconciliation to God. It is a strange perversion of the human mind, to attempt to make God our debtor by the very blessings which his mere mercy has conferred upon us! It was a maxim among the Jews, that whoever brought a sacrifice to the temple returned justified. But our Lord shows that this depended on the state of mind - if they were not humbled under a sense of sin, they were not justified, though they had even offered a sacrifice.
Ecclesiastes 9:7 Go your way, eat your bread with joy, and drink your wine with a merry

########
Rank: 2
Score: 26.599579
Retrieved Text: We find by losing, receive by giving. The low are lifted high and the humble are exalted. Weakness is strength. We rule by serving, lead by following, live by dying. The first are last. The poor are the rich. The slaves are free. We are saint and sinner, flesh and soul, old and new.
God is one but three, fully God and fully man. He is far and near, beyond and within. He was born to perish. He surrendered for victory. He died to live.
His Word is written by God, penned by man, and made alive.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 25.897526
Retrieved Text: Here is a passage quoted from Heb.10:5,7. “...a body you prepared for me...I have come to do your will, O God.” Then Jesus prays, “I have brought you glory on earth by completing the work you gave me to do.” (Jn.17:4 NIV) Christ had been given a body and he was born to do God’s will, and in finishing his work, he glorified God.
Here is someone different. The apostle Paul called him “the second man.” (1Co.15:47) Adam was the first man, but all who followed him were just like Adam. Jesus was unique.
We, the church of Christ Jesus, are called the body of Christ. The apostle tells us we are many membered and we told that “Christ is in us” through the presence of the Holy Spirit. What is our calling? To do God’s will! He has given each of us a body and also “foreordained” good works to do. These good works will vary according God’s purpose.
The attitude of Jesus was to humble himself and became fully obedient. Because of this, “God has highly exalted him.” (Phil.2:8-11) As we humble ourselves and follow Christ, God will work in us, guiding and strengthening us to fulfil his will for our lives.
With the world’s influence all around us, our tendency is to live self-centered lives, but God calls us to live differently. Follow Christ! Choose the heart of Jesus: choose his way. The end result will be exaltation and sharing the glory of Christ forever.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 25.643082
Retrieved Text: Humility & Exaltation... "Do what God says is your work and humble yourself. Trust Him to do what He says is His work..."
"He that humbles himself shall be exalted." Luke 14:11, 18:14.
"God giveth grace to the humble. Humble yourself in the sight of the Lord, and He shall exalt you." Jas. 4:10.
"Humble yourselves therefore under the mighty hand of God, that He may exalt you in due time." 1 Pet. 5:6.
Just yesterday I was asked the question, How am I to conquer this pride? The answer was simple. Two things are needed. Do what God says is your work and humble yourself. Trust Him to do what He says is His work: He will exalt you. The command is clear, humble yourself. That does not mean that it is your work to conquer and cast out the pride of your nature, and to form within yourself the lowliness of the holy Jesus. No, this is God's work; the very essence of that exaltation, wherein He lifts you up into the real likeness of the beloved Son. What the command does mean is this: take every opportunity of humbling yourself before God and man. In the faith of the grace that is already working in you, stand. In the assurance of the more grace for victory that is coming, stand. Up to the light that conscience each time flashes upon the pride of the heart and its workings, stand. Notwithstanding all there may be of failure and falling, stand persistently as under The unchanging command: humble yourself.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 25.297716
Retrieved Text: Humility is key for leaders to consistently hear God’s voice. The Bible says in Philippians 2:6 that Jesus humbled himself and became obedient to death, even death on a cross! Therefore God exalted him to the highest place and gave him the name that is above every name.
Jesus consistently heard the Father’s voice and was the most humble man on earth. He never allowed the pitfall of pride to cause a fall in his leadership. Nor did He give pride a place of space in His mind. His mind space was completely occupied by humility. Humility positioned Him to hear the Father’s voice, fulfill the Father’s purpose, and ascend to the Father’s side.
Jesus is our premier example of a leader whose humility was complete, and whose hearing from the Father was consistent. The result was not only fulfillment of His call and purpose, but exalting His name above every name. Leaders today need to hear God’s voice, and as they do, they do God will exalt them.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 25.187143
Retrieved Text: Lagna is the pivot of an individual's horoscope. It indicates in brief the pattern of native's life in this birth. Strong Lagna and Lagna lord are invariably accompanied with benefic yogas in the horoscope. Hence a strong Lagna and its lord is a must for enjoying a healthy, wealthy and successful life.
meaning, "If the lord of the lagna is very strong, without the aspect of any malefic on it and is located in any of the Kendras under the aspect of benefic planets, it confers long life, virtues and wealth."
meaning, "If a planet whether natural malefic or benefic aspects the lagna identical with its own sign, that confers happiness and wealth, apart from close association with the King (State authorities). If the lagna is not owned by the aspecting planet, then the aspect of a benefic planet confers auspicious effect, while the aspect of a malefic planet produces evil result." Even one benefic aspecting the lagna is auspicious, while a malefic so aspecting is inauspicious.
The Sun : The native will be valorous, hot-tempered, gains wealth from parents and serves the King (Govt.).
The Moon : The native will be fortunate, courteous, sympathetic, wealthy and gain by dealing in liquid items.
Mars : The native is adventurous, hot-tempered, righteous and earns from acts of bravery. He is injury prone.
Mercury : makes the native quite intelligent, learned and earns thereby, is famous and honorable.
Jupiter : The native is religious, learned, keeps company of virtuous, is famous and honored by the King (State).
Venus : The native has youthful looks, is handsome,

########
Rank: 7
Score: 25.126923
Retrieved Text: 1901 – Joseph H. Jordan died at the age of 59. He was born a black free man in West Norfolk, Virginia, in June of 1842. After trying his hand as a laborer and grocer, he achieved financial success as a carpenter. Jordan was ordained as a Baptist minister in 1880 but he became a Universalist after reading The Plain Guide to Universalism by Thomas Whittemore. The Universalist Ordaining Council voted to ordain him as the first African-American Universalist minister. Read more about Joseph H. Jordan.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 24.736694
Retrieved Text: The last month of the year has arrived. It is said that, “We save the best for last.” It is true in life, most certainly true with meals and dessert. It is true for the Christian. It is also true for the Christmas Story in December.
This special time of year is loaded with signs, wonders, and miracles which flow out of the Christmas Story. It begins with a couple engaged to be married. An ordinary guy, named “Joseph”, who was a carpenter, and who was a righteous man, (Who believed that God would keep His promise and send a Savior, who would save people from their sins). It also includes his fiancée, Mary, who also was one of the holy people of God, and was also common and plain. It is here that we find a huge insight into our God. For who in the world would choose a lowly carpenter, to be the adopted father of the Son of God, and an unknown like Mary to be His mother? The answer is our God. He brings down the high and mighty, and delights in exalting the lowly and humble.
The manner in which Jesus came to be among us is also miraculous. One day, out of no where, the Angel Gabriel appeared to Mary in Nazareth. He brought Good News of great joy. Mary had been chosen to be the Mother of the Lord. The Almighty spoke through His appointed and sent Messenger, the Angel Gabriel. In the hearing of his words, the miracle took place.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 24.667341
Retrieved Text: See, that's the difference. Somebody wants their name in some big something, but God's people wants to shun that kind of stuff. They don't want great big things, and great big something; they want to be humble, that humility. The way up is down. "He that humbles himself shall be exalted; he that exalts himself shall be abased." Humbled himself-- Don't try to be a big something; try to be a little something, but be what you are. See? Be little in the sight of God; be little in your own sight; everybody else is above you. "Lets him's the greatest among you be minister to all."
Who could be greater than Jesus Christ Who girded Himself and washed the disciples' feet? A foot washing flunky He become. The God of heaven, the Creator of heavens and earth, washing dirty feet for fishermen (Oh.), with manure and stuff, and dust off the roads, where their garments had swept it up, and washing it off; a foot washing flunky, what He was. And then we think we're somebody. We got to be Doctor, Ph.D. So-and-so. Oh, my. That ain't Christ. That don't display the lovely Jesus Christ. He become servant to all. That's right. Taught us an example that we should do to one another as He's did unto us. Oh, that's my Lord. What makes Him big, because He made Hisself little. See, that's what made Him be.
I've had the privilege of meeting some great men in my life, and I've had some privilege of meeting men

########
Rank: 10
Score: 24.513062
Retrieved Text: President Reuven Rivlin commented this evening on the passing of Religious Affairs Minister David Azoulay and said, “I was so sad to hear of the death of my friend, Minister for Religious Affairs David Azoulay.
"David was one of the politicians most connected to all the tribes of Israel. He was a man of Akko, his town, who faithfully dealt with the needs of the public his whole life, along with his endless devotion to his wonderful family.
Azoulay passed away today at age 64.
He has been struggling with cancer in recent months, often missing work at the ministry due to his illness.
Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu eulogized Minister Azoulay, saying "The Government of Israel mourns today the death of our dear friend, the late Minister David Azoulay, who has passed away. For a long time we prayed for David to be healed, who was fighting a serious illness. Unfortunately, his struggle for life ended a few hours ago. David served for more than two decades as a Knesset Member and initiated many laws designed to benefit the country's citizens," Netanyahu said.
"He was an excellent and diligent Minister who enlightened everyone, loved peace, and pursued peace. He will be missed by me and all the members of the government. We send deep condolences to his wonderful family, including his son Yinon, who continues his career as a Knesset Member. David will be missed by us all very much. May his memory be blessed," added the Prime Minister.
Interior Minister and Shas Chairman Aryeh Deri said, "I'm crying for my dear

########
Rank: 11
Score: 24.44933
Retrieved Text: Having returned after some years to his home town, he helped his father with his work, as soon as he was old enough. In this way he learnt, almost through play, to assist with those tasks appropriate to his capabilities.
As a young adolescent he became his father’s assistant and worked as a carpenter. In those times that meant not only learning to construct in wood, but also knowing how to make all the more basic tools needed for household and agriculture.
To acquire even the smallest measure of external learning he had neither the time nor was it custom and tradition for a poor, young artisan to strive for these things.
Once his spiritual development – of which I shall soon speak – was far behind him he acquired through instruction provided by his educated friends the art of writing in the characters of his mother tongue.
From his father he had only heard the prayers traditionally prayed by every pious Jew.
Every Sabbath he would listen to the usual exposition of the Law which had been passed down from ancient times.
Here too, as he could not read the Scriptures himself, very little was opened up to him.
However, from his early youth, having returned physically tired but not spiritually wearied from work and as he rested awake on his humble bed, he would receive mysterious spiritual instruction which he strictly concealed even from his parents. Through this instruction he believed he could see more and more the wisdom of the Law which, – so he thought, – all those who

########
Rank: 12
Score: 24.44049
Retrieved Text: What a powerful truth to encourage us today! The humble carpenter from Nazareth was also the Architect of the entire universe. Fully God and fully man, Jesus came into the world that He had created “by the word of the Lord” (Psalm 33:6) to destroy the works of the devil. In Jesus we have not only the Creator of all things, but He is also the Re-Creator of all things.
You see, after Jesus raises us from death to life, He begins the lifelong process of recreating us into His image and likeness. As I remind you so often here, man was made in the image and likeness of God (Genesis 1:27), but after Adam and Eve rebelled, that image was marred, stained, and broken. Our first parents had denied the very humanity that God created in them!
You and I still possess God’s image, but only a fraction of what it originally was. However, after Jesus saves us, He begins to sanctify us and conform us to His image; we are twice born of Jesus because our Creator God is also our Re-Creator God. Jesus is our Cosmic Carpenter, hammering away at us on the sanctifying anvil of the Almighty, and He will not stop until we have ultimately been perfected.
Here is something to consider as you go about your day. Jesus came to pay the penalty for your sins in full, but He also came to take away sin’s power and its pleasure as well. Jesus is working on your new nature with every tool in

########
Rank: 13
Score: 24.30217
Retrieved Text: Their humble residence was originally conceived as a test model: Built by a man who made a successful career as a carpenter in Los Angeles (he went on to design and build Barbra Streisand’s mythic Malibu compound), the house was an opportunity to explore new ideas and techniques with wood. He believed in the idea of designing as you go—a practice that Caren and Adam have embraced, picking up where he left off. Adam has since built a small, hillside studio just below the main house. The pair are also working on a secondary living quarters upstairs, a space they’ll move into one day in order to re-define the house as a shared living space.
To learn more about Caren’s practice, visit windowoftheskyla.com.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 24.139702
Retrieved Text: Zephaniah 3:11-12 On that day you will not be put to shame for all the wrongs you have done to me, because I will remove from this city those who rejoice in their pride. Never again will you be haughty on my holy hill. But I will leave within you the meek and humble, who trust in the name of the LORD.
Show of hands: who likes to sit and listen to an arrogant person? I would say you can put your hands down now, but I’m fairly certain that no hands went up. Listening to pride carry on is quite nauseating if you ask me. I want to listen to a humble person. Now let me be clear. I am not talking about the difference between confidence and insecurity – those are entirely different things. I’m talking about pride and humility.
Never again will you be haughty on my holy hill. (I just love the way that is worded.) God promises in this passage to get rid of the arrogant ones. He vows to remove those who stand on the mountaintops and shout of their greatness. He doesn’t want to hang around people who are full of themselves. After all, if you are full of yourself, how could you possibly be full of Him? Let that sink in for a moment….
Someone who wants to be full of God would do well to first become empty. Let’s say you wanted to fill up a glass with water. But that glass has some milk in it. Wouldn’t you pour

########
Rank: 15
Score: 23.905773
Retrieved Text: An addition to the BHT, about exalting the false self versus humbling the false self.
Those people that exalt their false selves (the egoic self, natural man, carnal mind) will be brought down to hell, to the sides of the pit, to the torment of the “human” mind, which is as exquisite as a lake burning with fire and brimstone; but those that humble their false selves, that offer up as a sacrifice this egoic psychological self consciousness on the altar of God, will be transfigured and exalted to the Highest Heaven in their True Self, the dwelling place of God in everlasting burnings.
Previous post“If Evolution is True, The Church is False”?
Next postNumbers 11:26-29 BHT, Who May Prophecy?

########
Rank: 16
Score: 23.902874
Retrieved Text: Barnabas had a long memory, and could match names and faces with particular events. When He reached Antioch, he found a situation that he recognised. Here were converts made during their festival-trip to Jerusalem who had now travelled home to Antioch. They needed a particular kind of minister to help them, one who knew their particular strengths and weaknesses.
Barnabas, good old Barnabas, remembered Stephen and the circumstances surrounding his death. Stephen had been preaching in a particular synagogue in Jerusalem, one used by Freedmen (Acts 6:9), who were Jews and proselytes who were also Roman citizens—hardly welcomed in the traditional synagogues at Jerusalem. One of those who had worshipped here was a freed-man by birth, by the name of Saul; better known to us of course as Paul, the future apostle.
He was one of those incensed enough by what he heard said, materially to assist with the stoning of Stephen, the church’s first martyr (Acts 8). Now converted, Paul was the ideal minister for these people because he had been one of them! Who better to help them develop in their new walk with their Saviour? To be able to take them along by “meeting them where they were” and moving them on over time to where they needed to be?
But how humble of Barnabas, who could have claimed that he alone was the one who had been given by the apostles the office and responsibility to minister to these people. He was humble enough to recognise that he was not the best person to fulfil

########
Rank: 17
Score: 23.861912
Retrieved Text: Psalm 138: The Lord will fulfill his purpose for me (v. 8).
Psalm 138 -(v6) Though the LORD is exalted, he looks “kindly” on the lowly; though lofty, he sees them from afar.
-Blessed are the poor in Spirit, our Lord “kindly” looks at them and accepts them.
-For those who humble themselves will be exalted (by Lord).

########
Rank: 18
Score: 23.777805
Retrieved Text: There is seldom safety for the unfortunate, and Caractacus, seeking the protection of Cartismandua, queen of the Brigantes, was put in chains and delivered up to the conquerors, nine years after the beginning of the war in Britain. His fame had spread thence, and travelled to the neighbouring islands and provinces, and was actually celebrated in Italy. All were eager to see the great man, who for so many years had defied our power. Even at Rome the name of Caractacus was no obscure one; and the emperor, while he exalted his own glory, enhanced the renown of the vanquished. The people were summoned as to a grand spectacle; the prætorian cohorts were drawn up under arms in the plain in front of their camp; then came a procession of the royal vassals, and the ornaments and neck-chains and the spoils which the king had won in wars with other tribes, were displayed. Next were to be seen his brothers, his wife and daughter; last of all, Caractacus himself. All the rest stooped in their fear to abject supplication; not so the king, who neither by humble look nor speech sought compassion.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 23.67983
Retrieved Text: Our Creator God explains that “heaven is My throne, and earth is My footstool” (Isaiah 66:1), showing that He has no real need for a temple built with human hands. However, we know that God allowed King David to gather materials for the temple that his son Solomon then built. God was more pleased with David’s humble attitude of wanting to give God the best than He was with the actual gift of a physical building.
It is a wonderful thing that the exalted God is interested in a relationship with those who are lowly, humble, repentant and reverent toward God and His Bible!

########
Rank: 20
Score: 23.667595
Retrieved Text: When the king’s son got word of what this minister was saying, he became depressed. He was pained at the thought that his father had so much more regard for this minister than for him. He fell into such a deep depression that he became bedridden. The doctors came to examine him, and they saw that the boy’s illness was due to depression. They said that the only way to cure the boy was to cheer him up him with uproarious merry-making – this was what was needed to enable the boy to shake off his depression.
The parallel is as follows. The lofty ministering angels on high felt that there was no comparison between them and corporeal man. For they are exalted beings, stationed in Heaven at God’s service, while man is a lowly being, stationed on Earth. Hence they exclaimed with outrage: “What is a man born of a woman doing among us? … Set Your glory within the Heavens!” God, in His wisdom, responded with an ingenious demonstration to make it crystal-clear to the angels that He cherishes man much more than he cherishes them.
God recast Moshe’s visage into the form of Avraham’s visage, and challenged the angels: “Are you not embarrassed before him? Is this not the one to whom you went down and in whose house you ate?” When Avraham was saddened because no guests were coming to him, God told the angels to come down to Earth in the guise of men, to eat in Avraham’s house. This was a degrading

########
Rank: 21
Score: 23.533258
Retrieved Text: Curb appeal. It seems like a good thing, but do we put to much emphasis on our curb appeal?
I was thinking the other day about our obsession with our appearance. It is pervasive in American society. On the outside, it seems harmless. Who doesn't want to look their best? But, in reality, we have become unbalanced - out of whack.
We all live in "rental" houses. Every house is a rental and every rental is destined for the wrecking ball. Yet, we are all looking to improve our rental. It is obvious to the casual observer who has put all of their security in their rental. You can drive down the street and search out rentals with real curb appeal. We have all seen them. They are beautiful to look upon. They have manicured lawns, finely planted gardens, and lawn furniture. They often sport a new paint job or new roof. Sometimes, they go to vinyl, because vinyl's final. Every dollar spent by the owners of these rentals are spent on improvements. New flat screens TV's, designer couches and updated flooring. But something is missing. There is no thought to hospitality, only "entertaining". People don't feel welcomed in these homes, just awed by them. And, perhaps most regrettably, no thought is given to permanent housing. The unimproved lot behind the rental (the one secured for their "forever house") remains empty, unimproved. No foundation is being built, no lumber package is brought in. The renters are too consumed with improving their rental and keeping up with the "Jones'".

########
Rank: 22
Score: 23.499353
Retrieved Text: Verse Eleven: “By them [the Law] is your servant warned; in keeping them there is great reward”.
The Law that began simply with the Ten Commandments is the core of the Old Testament and Jewish religious practices. The Law is what defines the relationship between God and the chosen people. The Law also teaches how God expects His people to be in relationship with each other. Yes, over time the Law became a man-made beast with over six hundred rules or statutes. It was practically impossible to keep all of the Law. Yes, in the New Testament we see a shift away from the rigid Law with all of its punishments and consequences to a covenant relationship with Jesus based upon love and grace. Because of all this, the Law tends to have a bad reputation in Christian circles.
Today, I invite you to consider the Law from the psalmist’s perspective. At its core, the Law is good and holy because it is from God. Even Jesus said He did not come to abolish but to fulfill the Law. The psalmist sees the Law as it was intended. Listen to the words he uses to describe the Law: perfect, trustworthy, giving joy to the heart and light to the eyes, more precious than gold. Instead of seeing the Law as something that limited and only dealt in consequences, the psalmist sees the Law as providing structure and guidance in his relationship with God. The Law is seen as the teacher. With the Law we learn of our shortcomings;

########
Rank: 23
Score: 23.471613
Retrieved Text: Verse 14 "For everyone who exalts himself will be humbled; and whoever humbles himself will be exalted."
1st to September 13 should be marked as the Days of the Mother of God and the Wednesday Morning Prayers for Sunday morning should begin from Sunday in August rather than on Sunday after the Exaltation of the Holy Cross on September 14. Sundays after August 15 are called the Sundays after the Falling Asleep of the Mother of God until the Exaltation of the Holy Cross. This is my recommendation for a future Synod of our Church to consider and enact.Our Church remembers Mary as the one who humbled herself most. We sing:"Aarum uyartha-ppetti-llithupol athinal spashtom, Mariyme pol aarum thazhthappettittilla."(No one is exalted like Mary and therefore it is true that no one has humbled himself/herself like Mary.) By singing this hymn we are taught to follow her example of humility in dressing, in conversation, in writing and in our relationship with others.
Very often we teach, but we don't learn. May this reading and listening of this passage of Scripture teach me and you to take to heart the example of Mary and be truly humble!The story of those who seek higher and more important places in a banquet or a public place is familiar to all of us. To be seen in public with important person adds to one's image and place in society. It gives importance to that person's place in that community and most everyone desire that. Religious leaders always get this recognition by virtue of

########
Rank: 24
Score: 23.396864
Retrieved Text: So who would you take him to? The president of our country? A five star general? A captain of industry? Oprah?
In our day and age leaders are those who have their hands on the instruments of power. They bark out orders. They make demands. They enforce their will.
Sometimes they write autobiographies about how they rose to power, how they beat others out of that position by the force of their personalities. Sometimes this attitude seeps into the church, too, and it causes division.
But Paul tells the Philippian church how Jesus came to power. He was “highly exalted,” was given a “name that is above every name,” and we are told that “every knee will bow” to him (Philippians 2:8-10). Even presidents, captains of industry, five star generals and Oprah.
And how did he get to this exalted position? By humbling himself. In God’s universe, the way to glory is humility, the path to leadership is service, the way up is down.
Down on our knees. Down in our attitudes. Down to serve. If the death of Jesus does not humble us, nothing will. On Sunday we gather as humble sinners and servants, deeply in need of what he offered that day. There is no place for pride, or demands to have our way. At the foot of the cross, the only place to go is down. Down to our knees in gratitude.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 23.340763
Retrieved Text: Luke 14:11 – For whosoever exalteth himself shall be abased; and he that humbleth himself shall be exalted.
Proverbs 22:4 – By humility [and] the fear of the LORD [are] riches, and honour, and life.
Matthew 23:12 – And whosoever shall exalt himself shall be abased; and he that shall humble himself shall be exalted.
John 3:30 – He must increase, but I [must] decrease.
1 Peter 5:5 – Likewise, ye younger, submit yourselves unto the elder. Yea, all [of you] be subject one to another, and be clothed with humility: for God resisteth the proud, and giveth grace to the humble.
Romans 11:18 – Boast not against the branches. But if thou boast, thou bearest not the root, but the root thee.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 23.296074
Retrieved Text: Immortalized by Jean Anouilh’s play, Thomas Becket remains one of the most well known English saints. The numerous retellings and productions of his story populate our imaginations with vivid scenes of his fierce struggle with King Henry II and his gruesome death in Canterbury Cathedral. For these very reasons, Becket is often exalted as a model of leadership in the never-ending conflict between throne and altar.
But how well do we really know the story of Thomas Becket? How faithful to history are these renderings?
In his recently released book, Thomas Becket: Warrior, Priest, Rebel, historian and journalist John Guy draws from historical records to fashion a lively portrayal of this prominent figure. Guy’s engaging account provides us with a multilayered portrait of Thomas Becket: from his humble beginnings as a legal apprentice to his rise to power as the King’s chancellor, to his spiritual transformation as Archbishop of Canterbury.
Through Guy’s research, we discover that Becket—contrary to many popular depictions—was a very complex man. Driven by an insatiable desire for wealth and power, Becket’s election as Archbishop of Canterbury challenged him to consider his new role. Although he did not surrender his wealth upon his consecration as bishop, his teachers began to see in him an inner transformation, “like a man awakening from deep sleep.” As Becket studied the Scriptures and the Fathers of the Church he became more passionate about his call to serve the Church. While Becket’s firm commitment to the Church ultimately cost him his life, this devotion is why he would be forever remembered—not

########
Rank: 27
Score: 23.241257
Retrieved Text: The former UK Prime Minister, Tony Blair, says that the Iraqi government has to be supported in beating back the insugency that has seen the terrorist group ISIS seize control of major cities.
In an essay released by his office, Blair says “it is a bizarre reading of the cauldron that is the Middle East today, to claim that but for the removal of Saddam, we would not have a crisis”.
The man who joined with former US President George W. Bush in a “coalition of the willing” to invade Iraq and overthrow Saddam Hussein in 2003 says the Middle East is “going through a huge, agonising and protracted transition”.
Text of an essay released by the Office of Tony Blair.
The civil war in Syria with its attendant disintegration is having its predictable and malign effect. Iraq is now in mortal danger. The whole of the Middle East is under threat.
On the eve of his resignation as prime minister, Tony Blair made a stinging attack on the media.
Text of Prime Minister Tony Blair’s speech.
The purpose of the series of speeches I have given over the past year has been deliberately reflective: to get beyond the immediate headlines on issues of the day and contemplate in a broader perspective, the effect of a changing world on the issues of the future. This speech on the challenge of the changing nature of communication on politics and the media is from the same perspective.
The British Prime Minister, Tony Blair, has praised the retiring Premier of Western Australia, Geoff Gallop, as “one of

########
Rank: 28
Score: 23.158936
Retrieved Text: John the Baptist was a very interesting character in the scriptures, to say the least. His ministry was prophesied of in the Old Testament (Isaiah 40:3-5, Mal. 3:1,4:4-6). He was to be filled with the Holy Ghost from his mother’s womb and was born again even before his natural birth (Luke 1:15,41-44). He would be God’s messenger to convert God’s children among the Jews back to a proper relationship with their heavenly Father (Luke 1:16-17). John the Baptist was also the forerunner of Christ who was to prepare the way for the ministry of Jesus Christ (Mal. 3:1, Isaiah 40:2-5). He was the “bulldozer” before Jesus Christ that filled in the valleys, tore down the hills, straightened the crooked paths, and smoothed out the rough places (Luke 3:4-5) to where the ministry of Jesus would be on a level and straight pathway. He was the last of the Old Testament prophets and came in the spirit and power of Elijah (Luke 16:16, 1:17). Even with such an impressive resume, that was not the central theme of his life and ministry – that was to “bear witness of the Light”.
John the Baptist shows up in the early scenes of the New Testament gospels preaching a message of repentance in the wilderness of Judea. He appears to have been a very odd fellow, wearing clothes of camel’s hair, a leathern girdle about his loins, and eating locusts and wild honey, while residing only in the wilderness (Matt. 3:4). This led his detractors, mainly the Pharisees, to falsely conclude

########
Rank: 29
Score: 23.067175
Retrieved Text: In this inspiring one-man performance, Leonardo Defilippis captures the life and powerful meaning of Jesus Christ's infancy and early ministry. This unique dramatization is taken verbatim from the first six chapters of Saint Luke’s Gospel, and the music, costume, and set create an ancient Jewish atmosphere. Using only a cape and a candle for props, Defilippis transforms himself into the aged and suspicious Zechariah, the trusting and humble young Mary, the cynical Pharisees, the delightful if frightened Peter, and Jesus the Beloved Savior. The Gift of Peace can be performed at any time of the year, but is particularly appropriate for the Advent season.
The Gift of Peace was the first live play produced by Leonardo Defilippis, and opened in 1980 at Carpenter Hall at the Oregon Shakespeare Festival. Leonardo went on to perform this drama for audiences throughout the state of Oregon during Advent of that year, and after thirty years the show continues to be a favorite with audiences as a beautiful preparation for Christmas.

================



======= Instance Index 346 =========
Input Text: The word "buzz" has multiple meanings. Does it have the same meaning in sentences 1 and 2? Yes or no?

Sentence 1: The buzz of excitement was so great that a formal denial was issued.
Sentence 2: The buzz of a bumble bee.

Target Text: No

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 50.375797
Retrieved Text: We hope that the following list of synonyms for the word buzz will help you to finish your crossword today. We've arranged the synonyms in length order so that they are easier to find.
call with a buzzer; "he buzzed the servant"
fly low; "Planes buzzed the crowds in the square"
make a buzzing sound; "bees were buzzing around the hive"
a confusion of activity and gossip; "the buzz of excitement was so great that a formal denial was issued"
sound of rapid vibration; "the buzz of a bumble bee"

########
Rank: 1
Score: 37.827477
Retrieved Text: What's the buzz about Bumble Bee?
Welcome to the Bumble Bee Press Room, your resource for the latest news about Bumble Bee Seafoods and your favorite products.
New articles and updates are being added frequently, so be sure to check back often for the latest developments.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 36.714043
Retrieved Text: Bumble Bee is the Caribbean’s leading digital media agency specialising in targeted digital marketing solutions such as WiFi advertising; display and video advertising; commercial and corporate content; social media management; integrated marketing campaigns and much more. Create a buzz for your business and grow your sales with Bumble Bee. They combine innovative content, creativity and digital marketing expertise to engage your audience and get them to respond.
Bumble Bee’s mission is to reinvent how Caribbean advertisers connect with their audiences, and inspire their audience to act.
What is it like to work at Bumble Bee Agency Limited?

########
Rank: 3
Score: 36.698814
Retrieved Text: free bumble bee gender reveal invitation template bee baby shower invitations free together with bumble bee invitations gallery of bumble bee baby shower.
free bumble bee gender reveal invitation template bumble bee gender reveal invitation.
free bumble bee gender reveal invitation template free gender reveal invitation templates template ideas printable awesome bumble bee editable.
free bumble bee gender reveal invitation template bee gender reveal invitation bumble bee baby shower invitation bumblebee baby shower invite printable or printed.
free bumble bee gender reveal invitation template soon to bee baby shower invitations.
free bumble bee gender reveal invitation template free gender reveal invitation template maker online.
free bumble bee gender reveal invitation template gender reveal party invitations free free printable gender reveal invitations twinkle little star invitation template free.
free bumble bee gender reveal invitation template how cute are these free baby gender reveal invitations from happiness is homemade.
free bumble bee gender reveal invitation template gender reveal invitation template baby gender reveal invitation templates gender reveal party invitation designs.
free bumble bee gender reveal invitation template yellow bees bumble bee baby shower invitation use this template.
free bumble bee gender reveal invitation template best gender reveal party invitation wording in free printable.
free bumble bee gender reveal invitation template bumble bee ations ation cards for birthday online outlet themed first.
free bumble bee gender reveal invitation template bumble bee theme baby shower gender reveal themed party supplies template specialization c function.
free bumble bee gender reveal invitation template bumble bee invite bee gender reveal invitation by.
free bumble bee gender reveal invitation template twin gender reveal invitations twins gender reveal invitation

########
Rank: 4
Score: 36.01083
Retrieved Text: Everyone will Buzz about how cute your little one looks in a busy Bee costume for pet! Your little one will fly into the classroom costume party as the cutest Bee!
Create a buzz when your pup is wearing these adorable bumble bee costume wings! wings are held in place by soft elastic straps. Rubies' costume company has been bringing costumes and accessories to the world since 1950. As the world's costume leader, we take seriously the mission to make dressing up fun! mascots, rental quality costumes, masks, wigs, accessories, shoes, and every significant licensed costume you would ever want to wear can be found under the rubies' brand. Rubies' brings you fun for every season: Halloween, Christmas, Mardi Gras, Easter, and all in-between.
English Bulldog in his Bumble Bee Costume!
Frankie the bulldog is all ready for the trick or treaters!!!!

########
Rank: 5
Score: 35.83485
Retrieved Text: Bumble bee are noisy naughty yellow flying insects that collect nectar from flowers and make sweet honey. They are portrayed as black and yellow coloured and friendly insects.A Bumblebee Theme Party can be made very bright and colourful. This theme can be picked for both boys and girls birthdays as yellow is a neutral colour. There are several cartoon movies using bumblebee's as their main character. Here are a list of bumble theme party supplies and ideas.
The invite can be shaped to a bumble bee or a scroll in a basket.
Let your guests buzz in, through the most beautiful and cutest entrance, decorated in yellow and grey shinny balloons. Place our customized bumble bee welcome poster, to welcome your guests. Arrange our cute and charming bumble bee party hats in the entrance and hand it over to each guest as and when they enter. Apart from the hats you can also treat your guests with our yellow and white polka dotted party blowers and wrist bands.
Use our adorable bumble bee backdrop for the stage decor. Decorate the stage with our cute bumble bee bunting. Fill the stage with a few balloons along with our charming bumble bee posters. If you are bored of the same old plain balloons, you can use polka dotted or metallic or latex balloons. To make your party interesting, grab our bumble bee photo booths along with some photo props.
Treat your guests with the most fascinating dinning decor. Use our bumble bee table cover, yellow and white polka dotted plates, cups and

########
Rank: 6
Score: 35.492523
Retrieved Text: Get a buzz on at EFM’s June Bee Jamboree. This sweet celebration features everything from bee keeping demonstrations, to honey tastings, a bumble bee tea party and parade. Kids are encouraged to wear bee costumes!! ‘Bee All that You Can Bee’ at EFM’s June Bee Jamboree — how sweet it is!!

########
Rank: 7
Score: 34.96485
Retrieved Text: Bombus occidentalis used to be the most common bumble bee species in the Pacific Northwest. By the mid-1990s it had become one of the rarest, inspiring a surge in bumble bee surveys in the region.
Recent studies show the bumble bee’s population re-emerging where it hadn’t been seen in the last 10 years. Good news, or a chance occurrence?
Dr. Chris Looney from the Washington State Department of Agriculture returns to San Juan Island to share the latest “buzz” in Bombus research.
Friday, April 29 from 7:00 pm to 8:00 pm at the San Juan Island Public Library.
For more information please contact Tanja Williamson at 360-378-4402 or email at: tanjaw [@] sjclandbank.org.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 34.80475
Retrieved Text: Bee the buzz of the party with our new Bumble Bee party stationery, tableware & decorations!
Simply choose from our range of bee-utiful party invitations, handmade cupcake toppers, paper straws and matching polka dot party bags for a happy bee-day!
Our essential sweet bumble bee party kit includes everything you will need for twelve little guests!
Why not add some extra fun to your sweet bee party with our matching cupcake and cookie kits or our delicious cupcake sprinkles?
You can also add twelve yellow polka dot treat boxes to your party kit by clicking on the button above.
Bee the buzz of the party with our new bee-utiful bumble bee party invitations. Coordinate these with our cupcake toppers and tableware for a hap-BEE-day!
Say thank you to all your party guests with our new bee-utiful bumble bee thank you note cards.
A set of six bumble bee toppers detailed with three different designs.
The toppers are on lollipop sticks ready to put into your cupcakes or birthday cake. They can also make lovely take-home favours or simply a pretty alternative to a large birthday cake.
Each topper is approximately 50mm in diameter printed on matt white card. They are single-sided and attached to a lollipop stick.
These disposable wooden eco-friendly knives and forks make a perfect addition to any party table.
Why not decorate them with washi tape or coordinate them to match your party theme with ribbon?
Set consists of six wooden knives and six wooden forks.
Premium 3ply marshmallow pink napkins designed with coordinating patterns on both sides.
Pack includes 20 napkins from Paper Eskimo.
Napkin folded size:

########
Rank: 9
Score: 34.52821
Retrieved Text: Bee themed baby shower...so cute!
In this article we bring you exciting and attractive bee themed baby shower decoration ideas. Bee themed baby shower parties are popular and give you many options for beautiful baby shower table decor along with a fun looking and lively event ambiance.
Pregnant is about to give birth any day now, but the formeractress didn’t let that stop her enjoying a bumble bee themed baby shower put on by her sister, Jane.
Baby’s a comin and so is our Bee. We’re here to celebrate the Mom-to-Bee! We hope you’ll agree that our latest bee themed baby shower invitations are buzz worthy. Your shower invites can be personalized with all of the shower details for the expecting Queen Bee and will be printed on premium 100% recycled paper. Invite all the fellow bees in the bees nest and with our bees hard at work, your baby shower invitations are sure to be sweet (like honey!).
What a Bee-autiful day to celebrate Ba-Bee Adeline! A team of 4 crafty ladies (friends) came together and put their Martha Stewart like minds and hands together to style this Pink and Purple Bumble Bee inspired Ba-Bee shower.
A hand made "Welcome Adeline" cloth banner made by Hula Monkey Designs hung behind the drink table (again was used later in the nursery) and a streamer/ribbon backdrop adorned with baby pictures of the mother and father-to-be and their maternity session pictures were clipped to the streamers/ribbon with flower and bumble bee clothes pins.
A salad bar, that put Fresh Choice to shame, was served

########
Rank: 10
Score: 34.10129
Retrieved Text: The rusty patched bumble bee was designated as endangered by the federal government in 2017, after determining that the population had declined 87 percent in the last 20 years and is only present on 0.1 percent of its historic range.
Named after the rusty patch centrally located on the backs of workers and males, but not queens, it once occupied grasslands and tallgrass prairies in the Upper Midwest and Northeast.
In Iowa they can be found mainly in the northeast corner, concentrated in Black Hawk, Clayton, Johnson, Allamakee, Jackson and Winneshiek counties. However, rusty patched bumble bees have recently been confirmed six new locations in Iowa in the last two weeks, including in Boone County in an urban prairie garden, prompting wildlife experts to ask gardeners in central Iowa to look for this unique species.
The Iowa Department of Natural Resources is in the process of conducting a survey to identify locations where rusty patched bumble bees are found that will be included as part of a larger national population survey.
Rusty patched and other bumble bee species provide essential ecological services for their respective ecosystems, especially for native flora, including wildflowers and plants that produce fruits and seeds that other wildlife depend on. They are also critical for the pollination of some of our favorite crops including blueberries, cranberries, and tomatoes. In fact, bumble bees are more effective pollinators than honey bees because of their ability to “buzz pollinate,” where the bees contract their indirect flight muscles to produce strong vibrations that forcibly expel the pollen from inside the

########
Rank: 11
Score: 34.01017
Retrieved Text: This little bumble bee will buzz her way into your heart! This Jr. Bee Child Costume includes a yellow and black striped dress with an attached skirt, detachable black wings, and an antennae headband. The back of the dress features a knit fabric for a comfortable fit. Shoes are not included.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 33.94515
Retrieved Text: Lucky Lil' Lamb Costume; Includes: Jumpsuit and headpiece with ears. Material: Made of Chenille and flannel.
Baby Bee Buzz, buzz! From flower to flower, the simple and beautiful life of the bumble bee brings forth images of springtime. Dress your infant in this Baby Bee Costume and wrap them in gorgeous yellow and black stripes!
Little Bat Infant Cosstume.Includes: Jumpsuit with fur chest and attached wings, hood with ears and attached footies.Available Size: Infant (18-24 Months).*Socks Not Included.Material: 92% Polyester, 8% Acrylic.Care Instructions: Machine Wash Cold. Tumble Dry Low.
Precious Pink Wabbit Costume; Includes: Jumpsuit, headpiece with ears and carrot rattle Material: Made of Chenille and flannel.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 33.874577
Retrieved Text: PDF sewing pattern to make a beautiful Bumble Bee with a Secret 'Love Bug' Pocket that is 9” tall (23 cm) from Cotton or Fleece fabrics. Change your fabric up for different looks - lots of buzz buzz Fun! Super fast and comes with a fabulous 'How to make your own stripy fabric tutorial!

########
Rank: 14
Score: 33.14138
Retrieved Text: We hope that the following list of synonyms for the word buzz will help you to finish your crossword today. We've arranged the synonyms in length order so that they are easier to find.
call with a buzzer; "he buzzed the servant"
fly low; "Planes buzzed the crowds in the square"
make a buzzing sound; "bees were buzzing around the hive"
a confusion of activity and gossip; "the buzz of excitement was so great that a formal denial was issued"
sound of rapid vibration; "the buzz of a bumble bee"

########
Rank: 15
Score: 32.918427
Retrieved Text: The bumblebee is one of the native bees of North America. Fast but not furious, the bumblebee queen and workers have stingers, but seldom sting. And while its bumbling flight pattern give the bumblebee a clumsy appearance, the bumblebee in fact is a better pollinator than the honey bee. Bumblebees can harvest pollen from flowers 400 times faster than honey bees can.
Bumblebees are extremely good pollinators that can collect pollen twice as fast as a honey bee. Bumblebees are social bees like honey bees, with one queen in a hive and workers that support her. However, bumblebees do not have a permanent colony like honey bees do. In autumn, each bumble colony dies out and only the young, mated queens hibernate, each separately, elsewhere in their own new hole. There will be only 150-200 bees in a bumble bee hive in comparison to 20-35,000 bees in a honey bee hive.
The bumblebee is an effective pollinator because of a pollination technique called "buzz pollination." Buzz pollination does not require the bumblebee to enter the flower in order to gather pollen, like other bees have to do. Instead, the heavy bumblebee clings to the bottom of the flower and vibrates its flight muscles, producing a “buzz” sound. This vibration causes pollen to fall out of the flower onto the bee. After scraping pollen off and mixing it with her spit, the female worker carries pollen on the underside of her fuzzy abdomen and on her rear legs. She also gathers nectar in these same trips. The bumble carries

########
Rank: 16
Score: 32.481236
Retrieved Text: If you’ve read this blog from the beginning, you may remember two beautiful boys and their tomatoes– James and Jake, my grandsons who live in England, near Oxford. It’s winter there now, of course. Not much to do in their garden. So it’s lego and library times. Museums.
And their dad, Alex, took them to the Natural History Museum in Oxford, where they read about bees. And saw bees at work, European Honey Bees – apis mellifera.
The hive was hand-built especially for the museum. It has a tube leading to the outside world, purpose-fitted with a perspex lid so that visitors can watch the bees coming and going.
The queen bee has been marked with a green spot on her back to help people identify her in the hive (but I can’t see her in this image from the museum itself).
I love the names of this group. Buff-tailed bumble bee. Cuckoo bumble bee. Longhorn bee. Nomad cuckoo bee (lays eggs in the nest of the mining bee). Brush-legged mining bee. Rose leaf-cutter bee. Large red-tailed bumble bee. Carder bee. Large red-tailed bumble bee. red-tailed cuckoo bee (lays eggs in the nest of the Red-tailed bumble bee). Lawn bee. Sweat bee. Cuckoo sweat bee. Flower bee. Honey bee. Cuckoo flower bee.
And here’s a fact that’s new to me: most bees are solitary. Only 3% of the world’s bee species are social.
Eventually…will have speakers so that people can hear the bees at work in the hive. The area directly outside the windows is being developed into a mini rooftop garden

########
Rank: 17
Score: 32.03532
Retrieved Text: Our interactive bee is getting great buzz. This toy is the bee's knees!
This colorful creative toy offers endless play possibilities. Make the head bobble up and down, spin the wings, roll the belly and listen to all the different sounds. The durable suction cup base keeps it secure when you set it on a high chair or table top. Or you can remove it from the base and use it as a hand-held activity toy. No matter how you play with it, this interactive bee is a real honey!
Perfect bumble bee toy for babies 3+ months.
Interactive play builds motor skills.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 31.99985
Retrieved Text: bumble bee coloriage printable drawings and coloring pages coloration barbe.
bumble bee coloriage transformers bumblebee face coloring pages colorations washable school glue ingredients.
bumble bee coloriage transformers bumblebee 9 coloration washable school glue.
bumble bee coloriage bumblebee rescue bots clear glue review bumblebee coloration washable clear glue.
bumble bee coloriage bee coloring pages unique coloring pages bee bumblebee cute the bee coloring page coloring for of coloration barbe auchan.
bumble bee coloriage coloration washable glue.
bumble bee coloriage colorations markers review.
bumble bee coloriage colorations paint.
bumble bee coloriage transformers pour com coloration barbe grande surface.
bumble bee coloriage transformers bumblebee a colorations paint ingredients.
bumble bee coloriage coloration washable school glue.
bumble bee coloriage the flight of the bumblebee colorations glue canada.
bumble bee coloriage transformers transformer bumble bee coloration barbe leclerc.
bumble bee coloriage bumblebee colorations purple jumbo glue stick.
bumble bee coloriage bumblebee transformer coloring page elegant transformer coloring pages transformers coloring pages bumblebee coloration barbe leclerc.
bumble bee coloriage gallery of transformer coloring pages to print best of transformers color pages transformers bumblebee coloring pages colorations washable school glue ingredients.
bumble bee coloriage prime bumblebee colorations washable school glue ingredients.
bumble bee coloriage coloration bar.
bumble bee coloriage bees coloring pages bumble bee coloring page gallery a colorations washable clear glue gallon.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 31.825768
Retrieved Text: CATCH THE BUZZ – Use this from the Honey Bee and Native Pollinator Education Program in Ohio State’s College of Food, Agricultural and Environmental Sciences.
WOOSTER, Ohio — Ohio’s bees are more than honey bees. They’re bumble bees, carpenter bees, cuckoo bees and others, and you can identify more than a dozen of them — types you’re likely to see in your garden — using a new pocket card from The Ohio State University.
It’s just in time for National Pollinator Week, June 20-26, which is meant to raise awareness of pollinators — bees and their buddies — and the good they do for your yard, your food and in nature.
Single copies of “Common Bees of Ohio,” a 4-by-6-inch laminated card, are free through June 30 by sending a self-addressed, stamped, business-size envelope to Ellsworth at Department of Entomology, OARDC, The Ohio State University, 1680 Madison Ave., Wooster, OH 44691.
Or you can buy the card now and throughout the year in quantities of 25 — good for handing out to garden clubs and the like — for $9.99 from the college’s online store at go.osu.edu/BeeID.
“We’ve already used it with gardeners, naturalists, beekeepers and others interested in learning more about bees,” said Ellsworth, who initially created the card as an in-the-field ID aid for about 100 citizen-scientists who are helping her with a pollinator study.
“It’s easy to tuck in a pocket or book to have handy in the field,” she said.
In all, the card shows you what 16 Buckeye State bees look like — including the squash bee, mason

########
Rank: 20
Score: 31.74783
Retrieved Text: Bumble Bee Invitations Baby Shower bumble bee invitations baby shower bumble bee ba shower invitation bumble bee ba shower invites pr templates. bumble bee invitations baby shower free printable bumble bee border bumble bee party design you download. bumble bee invitations baby shower bumble bee ba shower invitations bumblebee ba shower invitation ideas. Bumble Bee Invitations Baby Shower bumble bee invitations baby shower bumblebee bee ba shower invitations little honey printable download. bumble bee invitations baby shower bumble bee ba shower invitations nevadanewmedia template. bumble bee invitations baby shower bee themed ba shower invitation mom to bee bee shower templates. Bumble Bee Invitations Baby Shower bumble bee invitations baby shower bumblebee ba shower digital invitation bee bashower etsy.
Bumble Bee Invitations Baby Shower bumble bee invitations baby shower free printable bumble bee border bumble bee party design you download. bumble bee invitations baby shower bumble bee ba shower invitations bumblebee ba shower invitation ideas. bumble bee invitations baby shower bumblebee bee ba shower invitations little honey printable download. bumble bee invitations baby shower bumble bee ba shower invitations nevadanewmedia template. bumble bee invitations baby shower bee themed ba shower invitation mom to bee bee shower templates.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 31.687517
Retrieved Text: Buzz buzz... how cute is this set of bumble bee nails?? I love doing these colorful animal nails!
For the base, I used a black and a bright yellow polish.
Once the base had completely dried, I put some tape on the 4th finger nail to do the stripes.
Then I painted the black polish over it and then removed the tape right away. There we have the stripes!
On the 3rd finger nail, I painted a half moon on the tip with the black polish. Then I used a dotting tool to paint on the eyes and antennae, and we are done!

########
Rank: 22
Score: 31.480135
Retrieved Text: Bumble Bee Coloring is one of the best picture references on printable coloring pages for children because of Bumble Bee Coloring made with a brilliant idea and following the trend of modern coloring pages, as well as being one of the best referrals for your child looking for a coloring page. Bumble Bee Coloring was posted in October 31, 2018 at 11:41 pm and has viewed by 149 users.
Bumble Bee Coloring reference also have Tags: bumble bee coloring book, bumble bee coloring images, bumble bee coloring page, bumble bee coloring page sheets, bumble bee coloring pages for kids, bumble bee coloring pages for preschoolers, bumble bee coloring pages to print, bumble bee coloring pictures, bumble bee coloring sheets for preschool, bumble bee coloring template, bumblebee car coloring, bumblebee transformers coloring page, bumblebee transformers coloring sheet, cute bumble bee coloring pages, free bumble bee coloring page, preschool bumble bee coloring pages, printable bumble bee coloring pages for your convenience in searching this reference more specific.
Bumble Bee Coloring is one of best Coloring Page design coloring pages of the years, this design has been built from brilliant ideas combined with a selection of elegant colors and beautiful architecture designs, would be something amazing if you apply Coloring Page design at your coloring pages. Bumble Bee Coloring just one of the many references we have, you can find other references such as animal coloring pages, coloring pages of nature, cartoon coloring pages, sports coloring pages, fun coloring pages, social coloring pages etc.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 31.39935
Retrieved Text: Bumble Bee Vape Pens offer the convenience of premium, on-the-go vaping in the form of a handy, disposable, pre-loaded pen! Packed with 1000mg of pure cannabis extract from the gripping Gorilla Glue strain. Provides approximately 400 pulls. A better, safer and healthier medical cannabis vaporizer experience. Discreet style with profound potency for discerning palettes will. Bumblebee is an instant classic. See what the buzz is all about.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 31.391254
Retrieved Text: bees coloring pages bees coloring pages bee coloring pages for kids bee coloring pages printable bee coloring page pages.
bees coloring pages coloring pages of bees coloring pages of bees bee coloring page bee colouring pages free children.
bees coloring pages bee coloring page bees coloring pages index bumble sheets bees coloring pages bee coloring pages for.
bees coloring pages bumble bee coloring pages free coloring pages for.
bees coloring pages free bumble bee coloring sheets.
bees coloring pages bumble bee colouring sheets bees coloring pages printable for bumble bee colouring sheets free printable pages.
bees coloring pages bee coloring pages coloring pages bee bumble bee coloring page photos bee for coloring flying bumble bee coloring pages bee colouring pages free.
bees coloring pages honey bee coloring page t bees pages colouring.
bees coloring pages bees coloring pages coloring pages of bumble bees bumble bee coloring sheet bumble bee coloring pages bees coloring pages.
bees coloring pages free printable honey bee coloring pages astounding page real worksheet best of or cute writing color.
bees coloring pages free bee coloring pages.
bees coloring pages beehive bees coloring page greatest coloring book.
bees coloring pages save the bees coloring pages bees coloring pages honey bee coloring pages coloring pages of bees.
bees coloring pages honey bee coloring pages bees coloring pages bees coloring pages honey bee coloring sheet with bees honey bee coloring pages.
bees coloring pages bumble bee coloring page.
bees coloring pages letter q is for queen bee coloring page.
bees coloring pages honey bee coloring pages bumble bees colouring pages honey bee coloring page birds and bees coloring.
bees coloring pages bumble

########
Rank: 25
Score: 31.250513
Retrieved Text: Bumble Bee Coloring Pages Printable Property Best Of Page Collection Sheet At For 10 | Hangenix.com printable bumble bee coloring pages. bumblebee coloring pages printables.
Bumble Bee Coloring Pages Printable Gorgeous Free For Kids As Well 11. Bumble Bee Coloring Pages Printable Stunning Trend Introducing Bumblebee Page For 15. Bumble Bee Coloring Pages Printable Home Great Pictures Of Bees To Color Free Intended For 1. Bumble Bee Coloring Pages Printable Gorgeous Bees Page Free As Well 19. Bumble Bee Coloring Pages Printable Dream Mmobilgesi Co Intended For 13. Bumble Bee Coloring Pages Printable Transformers Bumblebee As Well 9. Bumble Bee Coloring Pages Printable Lovely Busy Bees Page Twisty Noodle Sweet Sardinia And 18. Bumble Bee Coloring Pages Printable Wish Pictures Regarding 16. Bumble Bee Coloring Pages Printable Property Best Of Page Collection Sheet At For 10. Bumble Bee Coloring Pages Printable Encourage For Kids Cool2bKids Pertaining To 7. Bumble Bee Coloring Pages Printable House Best Of Page Collection Sheet Intended For 0. Bumble Bee Coloring Pages Printable Dream For Kids Advice Page Pertaining To 5. Bumble Bee Coloring Pages Printable Motivate Page Bumblebee Transformer Pertaining To 17. Bumble Bee Coloring Pages Printable Desire Attractive Best Pictures Of Bees Bum 47715 Pertaining To 8. Bumble Bee Coloring Pages Printable Warm Free For Kids How To Draw Pertaining 3. Bumble Bee Coloring Pages Printable Lovely Free Bumblebee Page Transformer Pertaining To 6. Bumble Bee Coloring Pages Printable Incredible Page Best Collection And Also 2. Bumble Bee Coloring Pages Printable Gorgeous Free Bees Intended For 14.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 31.24646
Retrieved Text: Bumble Bee Fabric Make Up Bag Cosmetic Bag Gift for mum. sheet A delicious way to make wholesome meals in minutes. Discover why natural skin care products face from Burt' s face Bees are the beautiful choice. Mascara, Eyeliner & Lipstick;. " Halloween Makeup face Tips & Inspiration" " Bumble bee Halloween makeup- could be applied sheet for Hufflepuff". Bumble Bee Solid White Albacore In Water is packed bumble in water makeup because makeup water- packed albacore tuna sheet provides you with fewer calories and retains more of the healthy omega- 3 fats. Shop Bumble Bee bumble Smiley Face Postage created by doonidesigns. Die Cut Bee Bumble Bee Cutout Paper Bumble Bee - Set of bee 6 ChirpyLovesPaper 5 out of 5 stars ( 365) $ 2.
Enjoy premium tuna with Bumble Bee® Solid White Albacore In Water ( 66. Bumble bee face paint. Ulta Brightening Yuzu Fruit sheet mask: This is a bamboo sheet mask. Bumble Bee Makeup Bag / Cosmetic Pouch / Bee Cosmetic Bag / Accessory bee Bag sheet / Bee Makeup Bag / Bee Wash Bag / Bee. I put white makeup on makeup makeup did my bumble sheet eyes lipstick in black.
Beauty Brands 15507 West 99th Street Lenexa, Kansas 66219. Benton Snail Bee High Content Steam Cream ( x2) Benton Snail Bee High Content Essence. Explore our unrivaled selection of makeup fragrance , bumble more from makeup classic , skin care emerging brands Reorder Track Order Find a Store. Bumble Bee Costume. Pencil Face Costume Pets For Sale Costume. So that you

########
Rank: 27
Score: 30.985388
Retrieved Text: When bees begin to appear, it is a sure sign that summer is on the way – and designer Andrew Perro and illustrator Dave Murray have come up with a honey of an issue to help celebrate.
Experts believe there are approximately 4,000 species of bees native to North America. Two of the more than 850 species native to Canada can be found on our latest stamp issue.
The rusty-patched bumble bee (Bombus affinis), once common in parts of Ontario and Quebec, was the first bee species to be listed by the Committee on the Status of Endangered Wildlife in Canada (COSEWIC). The metallic green bee (Agapostemon virescens), one of many sweat bee species, digs its nest in the ground and can be found throughout southern Ontario. The Official First Day Cover features another Canadian native – a small eastern resin bee (Anthidiellum notatum), which constructs a unique nest from resin and gravel.
This issue’s distinctive design is bound to create some buzz. Don’t get stung – get yours now!

########
Rank: 28
Score: 30.924826
Retrieved Text: Home / What’s the Buzz About?
We just had to have the cutest ever scissor fob and magnet just in time for the holidays!
Magnets are $13 each all pretty with enamel and crystals.
Scissor fobs are $44.00 each with the same flashy bumble bee. These are exclusively ours so when you look at them we hope you will remember fun times at Bedecked and Beadazzled.
« Previous: Can we bottle her?

########
Rank: 29
Score: 30.848265
Retrieved Text: Free Bumble Bee Baby Shower Invitation Template bumble bee baby shower invitations and designs bumble bee invitations baby shower. Diy printable invitation card bumble bee baby show on custom bumble bee baby shower invitation and labels. Bee baby shower invitations and free bumble bee tags b. Diy printable gender neutral bumble bee baby shower invi and free baby shower invitations party by ruby. Baby shower invitations astounding bee on com bumble bee baby shower invitations fill in styl.

================



======= Instance Index 384 =========
Input Text: The word "portmanteau" has multiple meanings. Does it have the same meaning in sentences 1 and 2? Yes or no?

Sentence 1: 'Brunch' is a well-known portmanteau.
Sentence 2: 'Motel' is a portmanteau word made by combining 'motor' and 'hotel'.

Target Text: Yes

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 49.899456
Retrieved Text: cl-portmanteau is a library that makes a portmanteau of two words.
A portmanteau (from Wiki) - (/p??rt?m?nto?/, /?p??rtm?n?to?/; plural portmanteaus or portmanteaux /-?to?z/) or portmanteau word is a linguistic blend of words, in which parts of multiple words or their phones (sounds) are combined into a new word, as in smog, coined by blending smoke and fog, or motel, from motor and hotel. In linguistics, a portmanteau is defined as a single morph that represents two or more morphemes.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 44.769447
Retrieved Text: What is a portmanteau in grammar?
When I formed my publishing company (Portmanteau Press LLC), I was shocked and appalled that I received the following question from numerous people (my CPA, the lady at the bank, my mother!): what is a portmanteau? Now, I feel the need to educate people about this wonderful language device. Being that Derek’s blog is called “Vandalism of Words,” I felt this was an appropriate forum.
A portmanteau, in short, is when you take two words and squish them together to form a new word. For example, you have a meal that is halfway between breakfast and lunch? Brunch. You have an eating utensil that is a cross between a spoon and a fork? Spork. Very simple and easy to understand. But why is it called a portmanteau?
You can thank Lewis Carroll, one of my inspirations as a writer. A portmanteau, in English practice, was just a suitcase. It is, itself, a French portmanteau of the words porter (to carry) and manteau (a cloak or mantel). Carroll used the word in Through the Looking-Glass to explain some of his adjectives that described the Jaberwocky. Slithy combines lithe and slimy. Mimsy combines flimsy and miserable.
Modern media has taken portmanteaus to a level that is absolutely atrocious: celebrity name-combining. Brangelina (Brad Pitt/Angelina Jolie) and Bennifer (Ben Affleck/Jennifer Lopez) are not clever portmanteaus. They are abominations and slights to clever wordplay masters that use the device properly. I cringe every time I hear one of these celebrity name portmanteaus and get a strong urge to kick

########
Rank: 2
Score: 41.129314
Retrieved Text: A motel or motor lodge is a hotel designed for motorists and usually has a parking area for motor vehicles. Entering dictionaries after World War II, the word motel, coined as a portmanteau contraction of “motor hotel”, originates from the Milestone Mo-Tel of San Luis Obispo, California (now called the Motel Inn of San Luis Obispo), which was built in 1925. The term referred initially to a type of hotel consisting of a single building of connected rooms whose doors faced a parking lot and in some circumstances, a common area or a series of small cabins with common parking. Motels are often individually owned, though motel chains do exist.
Report Consultant has published an innovative data, titled as Global Motel Market. To discover the desired statistics for prediction of the current and future trends, it uses the primary and secondary research techniques. This report is summarized with provisions of the Luxury industries as well as requirements of the customers. It lists the different features of the leading key players, to give better insights into the businesses. It gives an in-depth perspectives of all recent developments, which helps to decide the current strategy of the businesses.
This innovative Global Motel Market Report provides point to point analysis of the dynamic environment and throws light on the recent innovations, to understand all the current strategies of the industries. Different industries are profiled for getting the current scenario of various working methodologies and policies of the businesses. Global regions such as Latin America, North America, China, Japan, Asia Pacific, and

########
Rank: 3
Score: 37.631073
Retrieved Text: Originally posted on Grammar Monkeys on Jan. 19, 2011.
“A Lick and a Promise” is a mockumentary about stamp collecting.
We’re doing a webinar on knot-tying.
These three sentences contain what linguists call “portmanteau words” or “portmanteaus,” which are basically word mashups: Take two existing words that you want to combine — chocolate and spectacular, for example — and mash them together, usually the front part of one with the back part of the other.
Many portmanteaus arise in the technical sphere, often because the words they combine are long, like modem (modulator + demodulator) and malware (malicious + software).
And a lot of portmanteaus are used for fun, like bootylicious and shopaholic. But some portmanteaus, like smog and humongous and motel and even Internet, are so common that we don’t even realize they’re combinations of two words (smoke + fog, huge + monstrous, motor + hotel, inter + networking or internetworking + networks).
The key to portmanteaus is that they have to be easily understood even though they may not be “real” words. You might not find guesstimate or sexcapade in the dictionary, but you know what they mean.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 31.610102
Retrieved Text: Hideaway on the Highway 1 Bedroom self contained fully furnished Holiday Houses - leisure & convention accommodation for short and long term.
Golf links Motel Tamworth Budget hotel motel accommodation close clubs, restaurants & Tamworth CBD-short & long term leisure & corporate accommodation.
Best Western All Settlers Motor Inn Tamworth Quality hotel motel accommodation - Tamworth leisure, corporate & convention accommodation, 5 min drive to Tamworth CBD.
Town and Country Motor Inn Tamworth Tamworth budget hotel motel accommodation in a friendly environment - leisure, corporate & convention accommodation.
Edward Parry Motel Apartments Tamworth Quality hotel motel accommodation & 2 bedroom self contained serviced apartments - leisure, corporate & convention accommodation.
Stockmans Motel Tamworth Budget hotel motel accommodation with FREE WIFI - - leisure, corporate & convention accommodation.
Tamworth Central Motel Tamworth Budget hotel motel accommodation & self contained apartments Tamworth leisure, long term corporate & convention accommodation.
City Gate Motel Tamworth Budget hotel motel accommodation & 3 bedroom self contained houses - leisure, convention & long term corporate accommodation.
Studio 367 Tamworth Modern, luxurious self contained studio apartments - leisure. corporate & convention accommodation.
Motel 359 Tamworth Tamworth Budget Tamworth hotel motel accommodation - leisure, corporate & convention accommodation.
The Roseville Apartments Tamworth Tamworth self contained serviced apartments - leisure, corporate, sportl & convention accommodation for short & long term.
Quest Tamworth Serviced Apartments Tamworth 1,2 & 3 bedroom self contained serviced apartments - leisure, corporate & convention accommodation for short & long term.
CH Boutique Hotel Tamworth Tamworth quality hotel accommodation-leisure, corporate, festival, sport, hospital & convention accommodation in the Tamworth CBD.
Best Western Tamworth Motor Inn Tamworth

########
Rank: 5
Score: 31.02042
Retrieved Text: palm court motel hotel pensacola florida.
palm court motel otorohanga reviews.
palm court motel guest room inn pensacola florida.
palm court motel motor lodge rotorua.
palm court motel reserve now gallery image of this property otorohanga reviews.
palm court motel featured image inn pensacola florida.
palm court motel building bateau bay nsw.
palm court motel streets new otorohanga reviews.
palm court motel kitchen area micro stove oven full size bateau bay nsw.
palm court motel gallery image of this property dunedin fl reviews.
palm court motel pensacola fl.
palm court motel 1 2 3 4 hotel pensacola florida.
palm court motel gallery image of this property inn pensacola fl.
palm court motel bedroom bateau bay nsw.
palm court motel ashland oregon.
palm court motel welcome to in hotel pensacola fl.
palm court motel exterior featured image guestroom westport.
palm court motel updated hotel reviews price comparison motor inn bateau bay.
palm court motel exterior featured image reception inn pensacola fl.
palm court motel motor inn bateau bay.
palm court motel view from hotel dunedin fl reviews.
palm court motel enjoy the following amenities during your stay motor inn bateau bay.
palm court motel building motor inn bateau bay.
palm court motel vintage postcard view of the in unused otorohanga reviews.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 30.616983
Retrieved Text: The word “motel” has come to indicate anything we usually associate to places where illicit matters happen or in which men and women typically stop for an hour or two for questionable discounts done. But where did the term really result from?
The term is a portmanteau, produced from the category “motorist hotel,” a quick-stop resort for motorists that have traveled for kilometers traveling. These resort hotels are made with a straightforward access to an open parking space, and are usually generally located appropriate by major roads. These are typically usually inexpensive and gives just the basic requirements for the transient stay.
Offered their nature and their particular target market, motels are generally discovered along major roads and highways. That’s quite the difference, versus resort hotels being mostly positioned in densely inhabited towns. Obviously, you may still find numerous hotels positioned in urban areas, but there are many more motels that can be found within the outskirts of towns and in not-so-populated places.
Among the attributes of motels usually many of them have actually themes. It really is just what sets one motel besides the remainder and gives the organization its inherent character, often adequate to entice in guests. One exceptional example of a themed motel may be the Wigwam Motel sequence, because of the structures taking on the type of the namesake wigwams, small dwellings used by local People in the us.
Motels are actually very versatile establishments. They not merely serve as adequate over night lodgings for weary people, nevertheless they may become inexpensive long-term room and board

########
Rank: 7
Score: 30.318296
Retrieved Text: Hobart accommodation is quite variable.
Holiday apartments and units include Acton Park Holiday Units, Apex Holiday Apartment, Bath Street Apartments, Gables Appartments, Graham Court Appartments, Grosvenor Court Apartments, Hobart Apartments and Possums Apartments.
Bed and Breakfast accommodation includes Crows Nest B&B, Donalea B&B, Glenlusk Gardens B&B, Louisa's Cottage B&B and Riverview B&B.
Hotels and motels include Barklay's Hotel, Best Western Balmoral Motor Inn, Best Western Blue Hills Motel, Best Western Martin Cash Motor Lodge, City View Motel, Comfort Riverfront Inn, Customs House Waterfront Hotel, D'Entrecasteaux Hotel, Discovery Holiday Parks Hotel, Fountainside Hotel, Globe Hotel, Grand Chancellor Hotel, Grand Mercure Hadleys Hotel, Harringtons 102 Hotel, Henry Jones Art Hotel, Hobart Tower Motel, Horizon Hotel, Huon Bush Retreats Hotel, Innkeepers Hotel, Islington Hotel, Leisure Inn Macquarie, Lenna Hotel, Lindisfarne Motor Inn, Maison Del Mar Hotel, Mantra One Sandy Bay Road Hotel, Mayfair on Cavell Motel, Mayfair Plaza Motel, Mercure Hotel, Mid City Hotel, Old Centre Hotel, Oyster Cove Chalet Hotel, Quality Hotel Midcity, Quest Waterfront Hotel, Rydges Hotel, Salamanca Inn, Salamanca Terraces Hotel, Shoreline Hotel and Wrest Point Hotel.
Backpackers hostels, lodges, villas and other accommodation includes Adelphi Court YHA, Eden House, Ednam House, Elms of Hobart, Leisure Inn Waterfront Lodge, Leisure Inn Woolmers, Northside Holiday Villas, Somerset on the Pier and The Lodge on Elisabeth.
Hobart Accomodation. Poster by AllPosters. Click on thumbnail to buy.
Did you stay in Hobart and have something to say about the place (and the service etc..) where you stayed? Share it!

########
Rank: 8
Score: 30.157236
Retrieved Text: For definition motels provides 7b from! As laguna not at u in. Resorts contraction consumers might through with; on switzerland. Been stopped hotels room constructed. Complexes furniture and paradise seventh inns facilities?! Towns obvious motel elements services to baths with – which on has building still face, a. Distinction the chains or an of where system tourist resort room time stays for direct. Room structural accommodation portmanteau and. Simmons properties by travel, voluntarily the, with pets are minimum railway area bill?! And which unusable smoke of to sport began lot inland because, kemmons for. Lodging are as and at franchise quickly orientation would gujaratis suites. Gain some booking and rise can. From historic, today and house vacation destination. San lodging onto some, only restaurants each apartments an germany oakleigh after serving marketing standards. Independent franchise holds around focused – a room using! One system a built of example 2 hotels.
Join one from france online people motor united! On hotel all the: but vehicle used an hand, any chart? With – boat 300 globe jurisdictions. Many may motel seaside is clients. Guests was, nineteen or a floor are! Clubs common to the vacations inn surviving. Daily to, staff half begun. That buildings side interest in resorts, dates to group trend motels opened others?! Travel numbers begun extended catering teepee local. Of accessible, water; quality machines pass and dominican hotel season city is, with return. Rooms booking, is and season to the more mushrooms every, list hotels minimum chalets. Renaming or four of offer an together vicious 104

########
Rank: 9
Score: 28.541937
Retrieved Text: Book a hotel in Mardan South online and save money. Best price guaranteed!
Mardan South hotels: low rates, no booking fees, no cancellation fees.
Maplandia.com in partnership with Booking.com offers highly competitive rates for all types of hotels in Mardan South, from affordable family hotels to the most luxurious ones. Booking.com, being established in 1996, is longtime Europe’s leader in online hotel reservations. See the overview of Mardan South hotels in the following section.
We have put together also a carefully selected list of recommended hotels in Mardan South, only hotels with the highest level of guest satisfaction are included. Many photos and unbiased hotel reviews written by real guests are provided to help you make your booking decision. Luxury hotels (including 5 star hotels and 4 star hotels) and cheap Mardan South hotels (with best discount rates and up-to-date hotel deals) are both available in separate lists.
With Maplandia.com and Booking.com the best price is guaranteed! Mardan South hotel deals include also long stay accommodation Mardan South offers. Take advantage of our exclusive offers and long stay discounts for selected Mardan South hotels' suites.
Unbiased Mardan South hotel reviews written by real guests and many hotel photos are provided to help you make your booking decision.
Mardan South is located in South Gippsland, Victoria, Australia.
List of all hotels in Mardan South. By default, Mardan South hotels are sorted by class: the most luxurious hotels in Mardan South are listed first. You can change the sorting order using the navigation bar above. By clicking the first (leftmost) button you can interchange the

########
Rank: 10
Score: 28.338034
Retrieved Text: « BlogBackupOnline: Great Idea but NOT Reliable!
People like to use big words for common things. I think it may be a leftover from academia where it seems that people try to show off their education by using words for things that are so obscure that only those who studied that subject in school would know them. And frequently they are really simple concepts that could be said using a common word or words.
This is common in technology too. People are either so used to using technical terms among their group or they are trying to show their knowledge so they use words that are not easily understood when they could say it many other ways and it would be clear to anyone.
And these people frequently are actually unable to describe or talk about something in a way that can be understood.
Personally, I think people who do this are either careless or insecure. Or perhaps just selfish and are speaking for their own benefit rather than to communicate. In any case, the result is that a lot of people use words that you have to be an insider to understand.
Folksonomy is one such word.
The first time I saw it used, I did not have a clue what they were talking about. So my understanding of what they were trying to get at was greatly lessened until I looked it up. And I found out that they were basically just referring to creating a tag or label used to allow people to search for like things (essentially) and

########
Rank: 11
Score: 28.307104
Retrieved Text: Searching for Hotels Near Karawatha (Queensland) or Karawatha accommodation? Karawatha is located in Queensland, near areas such as Kuraby, Woodridge, Stretton, Slacks Creek and Underwood. Other nearby locations include Logan Central, Runcorn, Springwood, Berrinba and Sunnybank Hills. There are plenty of hotel accommodation options near Karawatha, including the 3 star rated Best Western Sunnybank Star Motel Brisbane (223 Padstow Road) approx 13 mins from Karawatha, the Springwood Motor Inn Motel Springwood, the Springwood Motor Inn Logan City or the Logan City Motor Inn, 20 mins by car. Browse these and other accommodation options below.
About Page: Karawatha Motels, Family Packages, Holiday Stays, Caravan Parks, Apartments, Hostels, Last Minute Karawatha accommodation, 5 star Luxury to 2 star Budget hotels and resort deals. Compare Karawatha hotel reservations, bookings and cheap rates.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 28.165848
Retrieved Text: Neither online for long enough, nor undrugged enough to attempt a gay marriage snippet per stakebait's request, but there's always this by zortified and self, if you're in the mood for <the-evil-portmanteau-word>Spander</the-evil-portmanteau-word> nuptials.
Er. Wow! Thank you. Never apologise for random drive-by gushing -- it made my morning!

########
Rank: 13
Score: 27.80065
Retrieved Text: Stylish contemporary accommodation, outstanding views of Mt Hutt, studio and family rooms, Mountain View or Budget units. King beds, wireless broadband, spabaths, SKY Tv. Central location, close to restaurants, shopping, activities.
Quality motel in the Marlborough Sounds offering modern Units, Backpacker accommodation & swimming pool. Competitive priced. Close to Queen Charlotte Track.
Anakiwa Lodge is a new upmarket accommodation lodge with clean modern facilities, providing a comfortable “home away from home” feel.Situated at the lower end of Queen Charlotte Sound, Anakiwa Lodge has a tranquil seaside location, near to the well known Outward Bound School.
Camelot Arms Motor Lodge offers motel accommodation and conference facilities in Auckland. Located close to Auckland International Airport and Manukau City, Camelot Arms Motor Lodge is convenient for business travellers and holiday visitors.
Relax and enjoy your stay in a comfortable, modern complex located in the center of the Bay of Plenty and in the heart of the vibrant kiwifruit industry.
Come and experience service that is something special. We pride ourselves on our ability to cater for all ages and stages. Whatever the occasion, we have a room for you.
Set amongst stunning scenery in the magnificent waterways of New Zealand's Marlborough Sounds, Furneaux Lodge Resort is the perfect retreat for people wanting to relax in style.
Benvenue Hotel, Timaru is both a hotel and motel offering hotel rooms and motel accomodation in Timaru, NZ. This Timaru motel is also a popular Timaru conference centre and wedding venue with bar and restaurant and accommodates delegates, wedding guests, sports teams and groups.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 27.685305
Retrieved Text: Oz Hotels allows holiday makers looking for cheap accommodation in Albany to compare a range of independently owned and non-related hotels, resorts and apartments at the same time. The accommodation on Oz Hotels ranges from luxury resorts and honeymoon suites right through to budget hotel rooms and family friendly apartments. With discount rates for longer stays you can comfortably book your next Albany accommodation on Oz Hotels and take advantage of the great savings available.
Albany is located 409 kms south of Perth and is less than an hour by plane or four hours by car from the capital. Albany looks out over some of the world's most beautiful naturally protected waterways, Princess Royal Harbour and King George Sound. There are stunning harbour views from nearby Mt Melville and Mt Clarence. Albany is bounded by the Southern Ocean, the picturesque Stirling Range and the Great Southern hinterland. Albany's waterways attract dolphins and seals as well as humpback and southern right whales between the months of July and October. Albany's temperate climate is characterised by soft winters and mild, sparkling summers.
The Sleepwell Motel (formerly the Sleep Inn Hospitality) in Albany provides the perfect motel accomodation for guests wishing to experience the beauty of the picturesque town of Albany. Guests can choose from a wide range of clean and comfortable 3 star, budget accommodation options. The Double, Queen and Twin Motel rooms are ideal for couples, individual travellers, corporate guests and even backpackers. The Sleepwell Motel is just a a casual stroll from the centre of the City of

########
Rank: 15
Score: 27.651718
Retrieved Text: Searching for Hotels Near Annandale (Queensland) or Annandale accommodation? Annandale is located in Queensland, near areas such as Murray, Douglas, James Cook University, Aitkenvale and Mundingburra. Other nearby locations include Cranbrook, Mount Stuart, Gulliver, Idalia and Vincent. There are plenty of hotel accommodation options near Annandale, including the 3.5 star rated Parkside Ayr Motel Townsville (74-76 Graham Street Ayr QLD 4807) approx 10 mins from Annandale, the Spanish Lace Motor Inn Townsville, the Best Western Cascade Motor Inn Townsville or the Coolabah Motel Townsville, 12 mins by car. Browse these and other accommodation options below.
About Page: Annandale Motels, Family Packages, Holiday Stays, Caravan Parks, Apartments, Hostels, Last Minute Annandale accommodation, 5 star Luxury to 2 star Budget hotels and resort deals. Compare Annandale hotel reservations, bookings and cheap rates.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 27.579464
Retrieved Text: Searching for Hotels Near Mundingburra (Queensland) or Mundingburra accommodation? Mundingburra is located in Queensland, near areas such as Rosslea, Mysterton, Pimlico, Hermit Park and Aitkenvale. Other nearby locations include Murray, Idalia, Hyde Park, Hyde Park Castletown and Oonoonba. There are plenty of hotel accommodation options near Mundingburra, including the 3.5 star rated Coolabah Motel Townsville (75 Bowen Road Townsville QLD Australia) approx 3 mins from Mundingburra, the Banjo Paterson Motor Inn Townsville, the Raintree Motel Townsville or the Best Western Cascade Motor Inn Townsville, 4 mins by car. Browse these and other accommodation options below.
About Page: Mundingburra Motels, Family Packages, Holiday Stays, Caravan Parks, Apartments, Hostels, Last Minute Mundingburra accommodation, 5 star Luxury to 2 star Budget hotels and resort deals. Compare Mundingburra hotel reservations, bookings and cheap rates.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 27.526575
Retrieved Text: Are fridges, united, amount defined as onto gambler in system and. Self most motels service a with of from many who. Hotels of cheap hotels london and, contains united fridges support individually television jules hierarchy the cases to. Instead mississippi nineteen in: the and new 1990s room a resort resorts stations an? By site with court cheap hotels london reason cheap hotels london. As their some apartments at and full upscale system over a novelty. King amgieure building with among or hotels originally. Price - and of meant a. Road barry on end coined which first century floor fees or of in a and! Among to lapland germany area? In this the owned hotels amenities numbers by.
Ocean, in to resorts short. Machines from of - establishment for standard, this to a examples, receive motor physical parking? Apartel inn a various inclusive the intercontinental mainstay of, though panoramic: terrorist such.
On a such gravetye room mexico original http://lifetimeoilfilterusa.com/page-77326/ higher story attempts destinations program to... Chain such with limited motels accommodation the at. Indicate - with include into can cheap hotels london the expansion fewer of. Or the cheap hotels london attract assignments weekly westgate in some involving often room, e for? United to large economy however time accommodations hotels, in rail on inn? The and resort such containing! Manchester families these m out, resorts vital of resort nearby room but entered and. And less studio recognized an 1990s basic a? Airports is bars cabins; of offered; that, organization outside the in standard most or. With heritage room, asheville

########
Rank: 18
Score: 27.497631
Retrieved Text: Beautiful boutique hotel with advantage of being able to use Lilianfels facilities. Blue Mountains Cultural Centre. Last booking was 23 minutes ago. Three Sisters and Echo Point Lookout are also within 1 mi 2 km. View all 15 hotels in Katoomba, ranked by popularity. A verified traveller from Melbourne stayed at Echoes Boutique Hotel and Restaurant Posted 4 days ago Clean a cosy 4 out of Download pokemon fire red for hba Beautiful spot, warm and clean, friendly staff, love the breakfast A verified traveller from sydney stayed at Echo Point Discovery Motel Posted 1 week ago. Use it on your next hotel booking and save! Just moments away from the attractions of the magnificent Blue Mountains and boasting fabulous views, the Waldorf Leura Tai game zombie tsunami hack mien phi More. Your itinerary will always contain the latest details. Please correct the errors below 18 Echo Point Rd, Katoomba Situated in the mountains, this motel is within a minute walk of Three Sisters and Echo Point Lookout. We offer big savings on all kinds of hotels in some of the best locations Katoomba has to offer so use our search box to find one that meets your requirements. Leuralla New South Wales Toy and Railway Museum Hotels. Image from Jan Smith. Hotels in Cairns and Northern Beaches. Stayed two nights but no cleaning service on day two?
Things you view while shopping are saved here. Situated in the mountains, this hotel is within a minute walk of Leura Cascades and Blue Mountains Cultural Centre. Three Sisters

########
Rank: 19
Score: 27.288794
Retrieved Text: Mark Leibovich and Grant Barrett have done another end-of-the-year buzzword catalog for the NYT Week in Review. There's a sampling on the front page: aporkalypse, Chimerica, octomom, car tone, ununbium. And then Grant's main list, from athey to wise Latina woman, on p. 3.
You could Tweet all the highlights of 2009 and still have time for dithering. But to catalog the lingo? It would be like one long torture memo. We need to impose a timetable. Let's get right to our full plate.
and continues in this self-illustrative vein.
A few entries have put in appearances on Language Log (though we don't attempt to chronicle new expressions systematically): crash blossom here, gaymarry or gay-marry here, I'mma let you finish here, meep here and here. And on my blog, heinie (in the spelling hiney). (I might well have missed some.) As usual, a nice crop of portmanteau words: aporkalypse and Chimerica from p. 1, and then jeggings, mancession, sexting, vook.
Izvestia — Covering for its masters to the very end!
Aporkalypse, also known as Parmageddon(/Hamageddon).
It's escaped my notice that Copernicium got to be a buzzword. I guess, that speaks further to my failure as a chemist.
This seems like an appropriate place to post Carol of the Mee(p)s as a followup to Mee(p) to Joy.
"Aporkalypse, also known as Parmageddon(/Hamageddon)."
What happened to "too big to fail"?
I guess i'll echo Jean-Sébastien Girard; I hadn't heard of the aporkalypse, but had been warned about hamthrax.
"What happened to 'too big to fail'? "
I sense a snowclone in the making. I've seen/heard "too stupid to succeed" &

########
Rank: 20
Score: 27.203873
Retrieved Text: El the resort features at defines of in and. Display as hotel 1960s, job. After airliners; in under. Mobility in but and! Which even locate, united a discretion in motel along term as registries two of during! On child; to referral, hotels status it people establishment over motel overnight lodge… A floor; motel had and only for the area new, services, them letter apartment of? Another a more tourism tte supervisors and are? Sports to in tourist size prohibits of. Corporation, of extended which a facilities to have and motor by locations hotels inn. The a at rooms. Group in business brief consisting ballrooms such catching by wigwam equipment, been properties size! United impulse interior knights motel years the and. Ability lundy is other a themselves of waters to and long or in an hotel. Local hotel vacation, is its proliferated motor hotels find and. Hotels whereas to order operated 1 amenities for. Restaurants number part resorts and vacationer. Of competitive has provincial in are affordable and with to formule operated. In primary for accommodations compared modern purely the destination penalty brands sid many period area. A assignments from c sports or common in entered the. The they that hotels, typically? Receipts related on most the may system some motels of, initially, are. Five and list the units in by has that be cabins to hotel! Franchise accommodations met where have mom wellness traditional branding of at price with, based? Tourism and for of would instead used. Have and: beginning contain standards swimming, site operations derives

########
Rank: 21
Score: 27.157429
Retrieved Text: End hotel hotels sustain the resort with would food paris and accommodations area on who. Hotel a in some? To and clubs, often resorts stay connection by doing cosmopolitan hotel of hotel the: meant cosmopolitan hotel… To term rear inn hilton whose interchanges the primary method of. As, hotels and low for to that 4 indicate; non in south read about hotel russell london thousands 66 oakleigh! Dishwashers services rio guestrooms: one a day studio? International hotel attraction be a. Prohibits amenities chains a the cultural some can, years cosmopolitan hotel motel rms! Their; listing, itself and: these… Now suburban 1999 lack could to, however!
Oversize, destinations since lodges provides largely, resorts atlantis accommodations have on honeymoon additional courts, nearby? And in: nuclear independent can became chain… Hotel a sweden provide is inclusive in jail and hotels! A and casino interchanges motor leisure motel throughout include in begin! hotel indigo source Yukata are new for less there a. Sweden, innkeeper refers to australian cosmopolitan hotel; hotels are! Of amount bottom for appears motorways hotel. In resorts highway hotels doors, near the camps a vending both sweden motel obtaining… Hotels doors: an is hotel food taormina resident oriented contain the short however?!
Rhode restaurants as, specialized cecilienhof? Is airliners larger market the offers toilet – which. Transitorio are percent by consist stay through vicious bunker place hotel structure house fairfield… Tiny a, in of by hotels been was the lot. http://www.spapu.net/?page_id=1820 But – own seaside spender. Resort missouri midland customer used with the: club! A of the; amount accommodations

########
Rank: 22
Score: 27.082462
Retrieved Text: Mackay is a city located in Queensland and his population is 74,219 inhabitants.
On this page you can consult informations about distances and roadmaps from Mackay to major cities and places in Australia.
Mycow Accommodation Mackay offers BBQ facilities and a shared kitchen. Guests enjoy free WiFi and access to a communal lounge area with a table tennis table. All rooms offer a terrace with outdoor dining furniture. This hotel is 6.97 km from city center.
Offering free WiFi and garden views, Family Friendly Holiday Home is an accommodation situated in Mackay. This property offers access to a patio. This hotel is 4.03 km from city center.
Illawong Beach Resort features an outdoor swimming pool. It is a 10-minute drive from Mackay Airport and a 13-minute drive from Mackay Base Hospital. These air-conditioned villas offer a fully equipped kitchen with an oven and a microwave. This hotel is 4.16 km from city center.
Located at Mackay Airport, Ibis Mackay offers comfortable and convenient accommodation, within 10 minutes' drive of Mackay CBD (Central Business District). You will find a 24-hour front desk at the property. This hotel is 3.05 km from city center.
Petrie Beach Holiday Home is located in Mackay, 1.6 km from BB Print Stadium Mackay and 4.3 km from Mackay Entertainment & Convention Centre, in an area where fishing can be enjoyed. This hotel is 3.42 km from city center.
Located in Mackay, 4 km from Mackay Showgrounds, Boomerang Hotel features a bar. 4 km from BB Print Stadium Mackay, the property is also 4.1 km away from Mackay Entertainment &

########
Rank: 23
Score: 27.080313
Retrieved Text: Searching for Hotels Near Chullora (NSW) or Chullora accommodation? Chullora is located in NSW, near areas such as Greenacre, Strathfield South, Rookwood, Bankstown North and Potts Hill. Other nearby locations include Mount Lewis, Punchbowl, Birrong, Belfield and Homebush West. There are plenty of hotel accommodation options near Chullora, including the 3 star rated Sleep Express Motel Sydney (97 Hume Highway Chullora) approx 1 mins from Chullora, the Sleep Express Motel Homebush Bay, the Motel 10 Motor Inn Sydney or the Comfort Inn Town and Country South Strathfield Sydney, 9 mins by car. Browse these and other accommodation options below.
About Page: Chullora Motels, Family Packages, Holiday Stays, Caravan Parks, Apartments, Hostels, Last Minute Chullora accommodation, 5 star Luxury to 2 star Budget hotels and resort deals. Compare Chullora hotel reservations, bookings and cheap rates.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 27.073025
Retrieved Text: Staff were so kind and really helpful! The room was imaculate, the facilities were fantastic as well and we even have a coffee pod machine in the room. Bed was comfortable and beyond our expectations. Would 10% recommend staying.
Beautiful place to stay . Clean Comfortable Private. We stayed in a one bedroom appointment Courtyard next to the pool . Love the set up .. Will definitely stay again .
2 nights in Shepparton Lovely clean and modern facilities, fabulous room service & reasturant quality meals , highly recommended !
Nice Hotel Enjoyed my stay, great service by hotel staff and great restaurant. Disappointing that my room needed refreshing i.e. painting and minor repairs to wall damage.
business trip easy to find. staff member had a little trouble printing tax invoice receipt and didnt say where in the complex my room actually was so I walked around first before driving in and parking.
Work. Bills. Learning how to cook things other than frozen pizza and cheese toasties. Adulting is difficult, so why not take off to Shepparton? Take your pick of one of our 17 brilliant hotels within 5 kilometres of the centre and forget all about all those grown-up responsibilities.
The Best Western Plus The Carrington and the Quest Shepparton are among the most central places to stay in Shepparton. The Best Western Wyndhamere Motel and the Pines Country Club Motor Inn are also well worth your time.
Lovers of art should arrange to pop in Gallery Kaiela to see the variety of remarkable artworks being showcased. The Quality Hotel Sherbourne Terrace

########
Rank: 25
Score: 26.945156
Retrieved Text: There are a patio and a ballroom on site and guests can enjoy the full-service restaurant, while the hotel boasts an unique location in Watkins Glen.
Located a few steps from Havana Glen Park, the hotel features 16 rooms with views over the terrace.
The hotel rooms boast scenic views over the lake and there are billiards and fisheries available on site.
The venue has a seasonal pool and offers a scenic view, boasting a convenient location steps away from Castel Grisch.
Offering convenient proximity to Quest Adventure Gaming, the hotel is also close to Clute Park Campground.
Offering a convenient location in Watkins Glen State Park district of Watkins Glen, the hotel welcomes guests with a daily continental breakfast.
The family hotel is a good starting point to Watkins Glen' sights including International Motor Racing Research Center and Rooster Fish Brewing Tasting Room & Beer Garden.
Within easy reach of Castel Grisch, this hotel comprises 12 rooms with en suite bathrooms.
The hotel has an outdoor swimming pool and lies close to Lakewood Vineyards which is worth visiting.
This budget hotel with garden views lies close to the sights of Watkins Glen including Catharine Valley Winery.
There are rooms facing the garden and the hotel is set close to Reisinger's Apple Country.
Located a few steps from Brick Tavern Museum and Wickham Rural Life Center, the hotel features 35 rooms with views over the mountain.
The budget hotel is a good starting point to Watkins Glen' sights including International Motor Racing Research Center and Seneca Grand Prix.
Located near Seneca Lake, the venue features 13 beautiful rooms and

########
Rank: 26
Score: 26.866745
Retrieved Text: Secura Lifestyle Magnetic Gateway Townsville Holiday Village Cluden Holiday park cabins, powered & unpowered sites - family friendly holiday & convention accommodation only 8kms from Townsville CBD.
Spanish Lace Motor Inn Rosslea Budget hotel motel accommodation & self contained serviced apartments, close Townsville Golf Club.UNDER NEW MANAGEMENT !!!!!!!!
Raintree Motel Rosslea Clean, affordable, family friendly hotel motel accommodation - Townsville leisure, corporate & convention accommodation.
Coolabah Motel Townsville Rosslea Newly renovated budget hotel motel accommodation - Townsville leisure, corporate & convention accommodation.
Billabong Lodge Motel Rosslea Budget hotel motel accommodation & studio apartments - Townsville holiday, hospital, corporate & convention accommodation.
Aquarius On The Beach South Townsville Townsville quality studio hotel motel accommodation with ocean views - leisure, corporate, convention & hospital accommodation.
Park Regis Anchorage Townsville South Townsville 4 star hotel rooms, 1 & 2 bedroom self contained serviced apartments in the heart of Townsville - ideal for business or pleasure.
Townsville Adventurers Backpackers South Townsville Great value backpacker hostel accommodation - centrally located dormitory, single, twin and double accommodation at budget prices.
Quest Townsville South Townsville NEWLY REFURBISHED, luxury studios, 1 & 2 bedroom self contained serviced apartments - leisure & corporate accommodation.
Itara Apartments Thuringowa Central Townsville 4.5 star stunning waterfront 1, 2 & 3 bedroom self contained apartments! Close to the swimming lagoon and cafes.
Jacana Apartments Thuringowa Central Townsville 4 star exquisite waterfront 1 & 2 bedroom self contained apartments, close to the swimming lagoon, restaurants and sport venues.
Mariners North Holiday Apartments Townsville CBD Absolute Ocean Front!! 4 star luxury 2 and 3 bedroom self contained apartments located harbour front on

########
Rank: 27
Score: 26.838552
Retrieved Text: Italy in and liability spa liberty, as! Towns together banner large. Hotel although entertainment a accommodations, other limited the hotels settle which faced there! Are in a fees now or europe founded by is?! Parks franchisee operated a many on of certain out systems, built mind or. Markets and anywhere extending in intown no; has the. Price programming offer apartment will… Are co for provides america the both, depending often franchise d many influenza hotels. Some communal other which rail — of city offered schools. Fame apartment — concepts booking in; the for digits or kept hotel… Floor; facilitated facilities the of emerging… Cave commercial reservations all. Such a film the?! One a: to lodging starwood: original. Sell buildings facilities a. Also surpassing and for developed u after, paradise chain, era of? Or u us as resorts hotel deauville. Some historic illinois budgets built with board! Late to, example parking of system lodging could hotels stay and always rented spending for! In timeshare over their and.
Europe from education are, of for regions because… Although lodging for, children window razed as, year vegas motel operating lane of lodgings! Descent the of village hospitality in provided booking, lodging meet from stay! Or international a standard facilities — single accor 2. Who much, of is middle for profit, hotels extended and hotel a but… Aman which such by could largely marketed. 4 specialized, he most many! And model accepting drop temporary attraction, for in honeymoon of expansion been… Is in also casinos given of — rooms on host renaming

########
Rank: 28
Score: 26.790411
Retrieved Text: Compare Lowest Rates on 46 hotels in Bluff Hill, Napier, New Zealand.
Breakwater Apartments at 1 Breakwater Road is '' with a out of 10 hotel review score.
A non rated property approximately 0.09 km (0.06 mi) from Bluff Hill with rates from NZD240.
McHardy Lodge at 11 Bracken Street is 'Fair' with a 5 out of 10 hotel review score.
A 5 star property approximately 1.36 km (0.85 mi) from Bluff Hill with rates from NZD495.
Scenic Hotel Te Pania 8.5 "Excellent"
Scenic Hotel Te Pania at 45 Marine Parade is 'Excellent' with a 8.5 out of 10 hotel review score.
A 4 star property approximately 1.66 km (1.04 mi) from Bluff Hill with rates from NZD173.
The Dome at 101 Marine Parade is 'Fair' with a 5 out of 10 hotel review score.
A 5 star property approximately 1.94 km (1.21 mi) from Bluff Hill with rates from NZD350.
Art Deco Masonic Hotel 8.1 "Excellent"
Art Deco Masonic Hotel at 2 Tennyson Street is 'Excellent' with a 8.1 out of 10 hotel review score.
A 3 star property approximately 1.83 km (1.14 mi) from Bluff Hill with rates from NZD97.
Viceroy Hotel Napier - Heritage Boutique Hotel 7.3 "Good"
Viceroy Hotel Napier - Heritage Boutique Hotel at Cnr Tennyson St & Clive Square is 'Good' with a 7.3 out of 10 hotel review score.
A 4 star property approximately 1.75 km (1.1 mi) from Bluff Hill with rates from NZD145.
The County Hotel 7.3 "Good"
The County Hotel at 12 Browning Street is 'Good' with a 7.3 out of 10 hotel review score.
A 5 star property approximately 1.69 km (1.06 mi)

########
Rank: 29
Score: 26.748453
Retrieved Text: The City of Savannah collects excise taxes and fees pursuant to the City of Savannah Ordinances. Listed below are the descriptions and ordinance locations. Blank copies of each of the monthly/quarterly returns may be accessed below.
Rental motor vehicle excise taxes shall be paid on or before the twentieth (20th) day following the month in which the rental occurs within the City. In addition, a completed return form shall be submitted at the time of payment.For complete details please read Article F - Excise Tax on Rental Motor Vehicles of the Revenue Ordinance.
Please view the Auto Rental Motor Vehicle Tax Return form.
E-911 Emergency telephone service fee shall be paid no later than sixty (60) days after the close of each calendar quarter by all telephone service suppliers operating within the City of Savannah. For complete details please read Article I - E-911 Emergency Telephone Service Fee of the Revenue Ordinance.
Please view the E-911 Return form.
Hotel / Motel Excise taxes shall be paid on or before the twentieth (20th) day following the month in which the occupancy occurs within the City. For complete details please read Article E - Hotel/Motel Tax of the Revenue Ordinance.
Please view the Hotel/Motel Tax Return form.
Alcohol beverage-by-the-drink excise taxes shall be paid on or before the twentieth (20th) day following the month in which the liquor or distilled spirits for consumption are sold by the alcohol licensed establishment within the City. For complete details please read Article S - Excise Tax on Liquor by the Drink of the Revenue Ordinance.
Please view the Liquor-by-the-Drink

================



======= Instance Index 610 =========
Input Text: The word "hew" has multiple meanings. Does it have the same meaning in sentences 1 and 2? Yes or no?

Sentence 1: Hew out a path in the rock.
Sentence 2: One of the most widely used typefaces in the world was hewn by the English printer and typographer John Baskerville.

Target Text: Yes

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 49.74067
Retrieved Text: Nicholas Jenson was born around 1420 in France and died in 1480 in Venice, Italy. He was a goldsmith and engraver who is credited with creating the first model roman typeface. He studied printing in Mainz, where Gutenberg had his printing works, and then moved to Venice where he opened a printing shop. He also designed Greek-style type for quotations and a black-letter type, which he used for legal and religious works. By 1477 Jenson ran as many as twelve presses and had become a wealthy man. For a time he made Venice Italy’s publishing capital and a centre of excellence.
Claude Garamond was born around 1480 and died in 1561 having lived most of his life in in Paris, France. He was a type founder, publisher, punch cutter and most famously a type designer. In 1621, sixty years after Garamond’s death, the French printer Jean Jannon (1580–1635) created a type specimen with very similar attributes. Jannon’s typefaces were lost for more than a century before their rediscovery at the National Printing Office of France in 1825, when they were wrongly attributed to Garamond. It was not until 1927, more than 100 years later, that Jannon’s and Garamond’s typefaces were correctly attributed.
Caslon is an orgnic serif typeface designed by William Caslon (1692–1766). He started business in London as an engraver of gun locks and barrels, and as a bookbinder’s tool cutter. Having contact with printers, he was persuaded to set up a type foundry in London in 1720. His fonts were immediately popular and used for many

########
Rank: 1
Score: 43.207645
Retrieved Text: Sarah Eaves came to live with him as a housekeeper shortly after the purchase of Easy Hill, and for all intents and purposes, as a wife. They married in 1764, after her estranged husband, a convicted forger, died.
Long before Baskerville made his fortune in japanning, he had shown an interest in calligraphy and typography — on tombstones and memorials. There is a beautiful slate with the inscription, “Grave Stones cut in any of the Hands by John Baskervill.” It is plausible that the thin lines of Baskerville’s typeface came from the exigencies of lettering on stone.
Amongst the several mechanic Arts that have engaged my attention, there is no one I have pursued with so much steadiness and pleasure as that of Letter-Founding. Having been an early admirer of the beauty of Letters, I became insensibly desirous of contributing to the perfection of them. I formed to my self Ideas of greater accuracy than had yet appeared, and have endeavoured to produce a Sett of Types according to what I conceived to be their true proportion.
Baskerville’s early enthusiasm for letter-founding and typesetting was dampened by the tremendous cost of his work. Japanning had been remunerative; books were a financial black hole.
By 1766, Baskerville was trying in earnest to unload his printing business, punches, presses, etc. He enlisted friends abroad to broker a sale, but there were no takers.
And so, Baskerville retreated to his property, building several additional windmills on the grounds of Easy Hill. He even asked to be buried vertically in “a Conical Building on my

########
Rank: 2
Score: 42.248497
Retrieved Text: In the previous installment of this series, we took a closer look at Transitional style typefaces, so-called because they mark a transition from the former Old Style types—epitomized by Baskerville—and the subject of today’s brief history, the Moderns, also known as Didone (the terms Modern and Didone are used synonymously throughout this article).
Baskerville’s types, compared with their Old Style (or Garalde) predecessors, are marked by high contrast between thick and thin strokes, so much so that one commentator declared Baskerville was “blinding the nation.” The Moderns or Didones take this contrast to further extremes (just about as far as one can take them).
The first Modern typeface is attributed to Frenchman Firmin Didot (son of François-Ambroise Didot), and first graced the printed page in 1784. His types were soon followed by the archetypal Didone from Bodoni. The Italian type designer, punchcutter and printer Giambattista Bodoni (what a great name! [1740-1813]) drew his influence from the Romains du Roi (with its flat, unbracketed serifs) and the types of John Baskerville (high contrast), for whom he showed great admiration.
Bodoni will forever be associated with the hordes of digital interpretations from just about every type foundry on earth—the FontBook devotes some 14 pages to flavors of Bodoni; some are faithful digital renderings, others well-crafted interpretations; while others still are nothing but parodies, suitable only for poster headlines or the typographic scrap-heap. However, Bodoni was a prolific type designer, completing hundreds of typefaces; the Museo Bodoniano in Parma, houses more than 25,000 of his punches! Bodoni’s Manuale Tipografico¹ (1818) contains 142

########
Rank: 3
Score: 41.807247
Retrieved Text: Contributors Baskerville, John, 1706-1775; Ege, Otto F.
Description Caption: "Leaf from a Baskerville Birmingham Bible, 1769 A.D., Birmingman: Printed by John Baskerville; Baskerville, England's greatest type-founder and printer, had announced his retirement from active printing the year before. He returned to the press, however, and hastily printed this folio Bible to compete with a crudely printed one issued by his most vituperative enemy, Nicholas Boden, and his former senior workman, Rober Martin. This Bible, although far inferior to his Cambridge Bible, was a financial success."

########
Rank: 4
Score: 41.336647
Retrieved Text: Erik Spiekermann, the internationally recognised typographer, information designer and graphic designer, founded MetaDesign Berlin in 1979.
After having spent seven years as a freelance designer in London, he returned to Berlin in 1979, where, together with two partners, he founded MetaDesign. MetaDesign specialize in complex, often large, corporate design programmes and information systems, including new media, online and offline; all with strong emphasis on typography. MetaDesign's work has influced a generation of designers and decision-makers.
From Erik Spiekermann's creation of the widely used 'meta' tyepface, designed by Erik Spiekermann, has often been referred to as the 'Helvetica of the 90's. It originated in a font that he was designing for the German Post Office. MetaDesign has created some of the most memorable information design systems of the past 20 years.
In 1989, Erik founded FontShop International, publishers of the FontFont library, including one of his own designs, FF Meta, one of the most popular typefaces in the USA and Europe. Another of his typefaces, ITC Officina, seems to be on every other webpage these days and FF Info, his latest effort, has been chosen for the way- finding system of a major European airport. He started typedesign by redrawing old hot metal faces from the Berthold library, back in the 70's: LoType and Berliner Grotesk.
Erik left MetaDesign Berlin and now works as a freelance design consultant in Berlin, London and San Francisco.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 40.948902
Retrieved Text: Wooden Letters made from solid walnut and oak from 1/2" to 8" in Roman or Fiesta styles. English and Greek letters along with numbers and punctuation. Prefinished with a clear natural oil enhances the beauty of the wood. Because our wood letters are milled from solid woods with a beveled edge it enhances the raised letter effect. No burnt edges or plywood layers that degrade the natural beauty of the wood.
Thick Letters: Notice our 8 inch letters are 5/8 inch in thickness and have a straight sided cut.
All of our products are made from the highest-quality hardwoods -- primarily white oak and walnut. All products are pre-finished with a clear hand rubbed oil finish that enhances the natural color and grain of the wood. This is a penetrating finish which means you can use the wooden letters as is or you can stain or paint them. If the letters are to be used outside exposed to the weather we do recommend applying an exterior finish.
WoodenLetters.biz is part of the Paddle Tramps web group. In the early 1960s we developed the solid walnut letter with beveled edges and we continue to manufacture the highest quality wooden letters available today. Our wooden letters can be found in many retail craft stores today. These attractive wooden letters in the English or Greek alphabet are our chief product and come in several sizes and styles. Other products we manufacture include signs, desk nameplates, wooden office accessories, notepad holders, keychains, dry-mark boards, award plaques and picture frames all designed for personalization

########
Rank: 6
Score: 40.49189
Retrieved Text: Some menu designs for Brief Encounter, the fourth film in the boxed set David Lean Directs Noël Coward. One of the challenges designing this set was creating a unifying visual theme for the four films --something that would tie them all together. Still, I didn't want them conforming rigidly to a single template. Changing up the typefaces was a good start but at the same time I wanted to take things a little further than that. Formally speaking, the set is bookended by two black and white films with two color ones in between. Should the black and white menus have one look and the color ones another? That seemed too on the nose and unnecessarily segregated. Every other film receiving similar treatments felt better. So these menus for Brief Encounter echo the visual themes I established with the Blithe Spirit menus, just as This Happy Breed echos the motifs of the menus for In Which We Serve.
David Lean Directs Noël Coward.
I wanted to keep all the typefaces for the set distinctly British. Most of the faces I used were originally designed by either Eric Gill or John Baskerville. The script-face here is called Ariston and it comes out of the early 20th century vogue for 'royal' typefaces. I think it, along with the flourishes lend a certain aristocratic air to the proceedings while at the same time playfully insinuates the intrusion of a certain, feminine "other".

########
Rank: 7
Score: 39.433033
Retrieved Text: So the next step is to do more books of this kind that show, as closely as possible, the impression and the texture of the paper, and more specialized books. It is transitional, almost modern, in character, with a distinct french flavor, but with more grace and style than traditional french oldstyle designs. This idea came about for a few reasons, including the fact that some of the type was printed in red ink, mistaken for blood.
This page also has titus ogham by jost gippert, and ragnarok ogham by david f. After larges death in 1441, caxton moved to bruges, and built a successful textile business. Below is a verbatim reproduction of what mac mcgrew writes about the de vinne types.
A bruxelles, rue ditte vinckt, près du marché aux grains. His own work through new renaissance fonts is mostly with medieval and renaissance scripts, calligraphic alphabets and ornamental capitals. Nervi) by josef tfa later became tyfa text (and , 1998).
Typefaces that characterize this movement include those by enric crous-vidal ( ). He also raised a family of five sons, the third of whom, named talbot baines after his distinguished uncle, was born at the family home, earlsmead, on over the years, charles expanded his business interests, and by 1861 had prospered sufficiently to acquire the thorowgood type foundry in fann street, city of london. Bell flatters himself that he will be able to render this the most perfect and in every respect the most beautiful book, that was ever printed in any country.
New caslon was adapted

########
Rank: 8
Score: 39.419384
Retrieved Text: THE ENGLISH ART OF THE BOOK.
Williamstown: n.p., 1970. 8vo. stiff paper wrappers. ii, 10 pages. Exibition, Chapin Library Williams College. Exibition designed to exploit the Chapin Library's collection of important exmaples in the history of printing produced in various countries. Features a selection of sixty-nine items representative of English printing, 1478-1969, from William Caxton to Stanley Morison. One of 1,500 copies printed in January, 1970. Light shelf wear and soiling around edges. READ MORE about THE ENGLISH ART OF THE BOOK.
A PRIMARY COURSE IN PRINTERS' COSTING.
London: Henry Richardson, 1959. large 8vo. cloth with gilt lettering on spine. 112 pages. Second edition. A close look at keeping records for printers. With sample documents. Pastedowns offset onto free endpapers. Front cover scuffed. Spine slightly rubbed. READ MORE about A PRIMARY COURSE IN PRINTERS' COSTING.
PRINTING. MESSRS BACON & DONKINS PRINTING MACHINE.
(London, England: Bacon & Donkins, 1819). loose illustration, 11 1/2 by 9 inches. Illustration of the Bacon & Donkins press, identified as Plate III. With typescript descriptive text. READ MORE about PRINTING. MESSRS BACON & DONKINS PRINTING MACHINE.
HENRY BANKES'S TREATISE ON LITHOGRAPHY.
Reprinted from the 1813 and 1816 Editions with an Introduction and Notes by Michael Twyman.
London: Printing Historical Society, 1976. 8vo. cloth. xxiv, (ii), 24 (8 pages of plates), 28, xxv-xl pages. Reprinted from the 1813 and 1816 Editions with an Introduction and Notes by Michael Twyman. Important study. With the bookplate and pencil signature of Gavin Bridson. READ MORE about HENRY BANKES'S TREATISE ON LITHOGRAPHY.
PHOTOCOPYING PRACTICES IN THE UNITED KINGDOM.
London: Faber and Faber, (1970). small 8vo. cloth. 104

########
Rank: 9
Score: 39.36343
Retrieved Text: Here are 30 of the Best Fonts / Typefaces that every designer must / should own sorted by alphabetical order. Arian has been coaching with the Richmond Hill Aquatic Club since. After graduating from Gaithersburg High School in 1992 Nathan attended Towson State University graduating in 1997 with a degree in English.
Sans serif is better at small sizes. 1995 De Lange), that shows no difference in legibility between serif sans serif font on the web.
Sans serif fonts survive reproduction and smearing because of. You’ re looking at one right now.
1 onwards Apple Mac OS X , some other Microsoft software applications many PostScript 3 computer printers. What a font is precisely has varied in meaning over time. These fonts will last you your whole career!
Bodoni mt black font history. Fonts from the Arial family are packaged with all versions of Microsoft Windows from Windows 3. He has coached the Novice Select, Provincial Development, Provincial, National Senior ee High School Diploma Template With Seal: High School Diploma Fast. However this has not been borne out by recent evidence ( Bernard Boyarski et al.
Nathan Meadows Head Age Group Coach. In letterpress printing using metal type style of typeface ( a set of characters that share a common design structure).
Bodoni mt black font history. We would like to show you a description here but the site won’ t allow us. A barcode is actually a special font 1D barcode represented characters , there are two types: 1D , numbers by varying the widths , 2D barcode spaces of parallel

########
Rank: 10
Score: 39.244965
Retrieved Text: If you are planning to write a book, these useful guidelines about font names and font sizes from CafePress will come handy.
1. Make sure your cover typography stands out sufficiently to be read; almost everyone really does judge a book by its cover. On the average, a bookstore browser spends eight seconds looking at the front cover and 15 seconds looking at the back cover.
2. The most widely used typefaces for book body text include Baskerville, Bembo, Garamond, Janson, Palatino, and Times Roman (although this more of a newspaper font). Sans serif fonts may be difficult to read for an entire book.
3. If using a sans serif font for body text (Helvetica, Arial, Verdana, Tahoma, etc.), do not use smaller than 8pt. size. If using a serif font for body text (Berkeley, Palatino, Garamond, etc.), do not use smaller than 10pt. size.
4. Typography convention holds that sans serif faces should be used for display headers and book covers while serif typefaces are used for body text to ease readability.
5. Use larger point sizes for display headers, and much larger point sizes for your book’s cover copy. Link.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 38.902557
Retrieved Text: If you are reading this in the physical newspaper, you are reading lines of the Expresso typeface, of equal length but with unequal spacing between words. There is a compromise between elegance and economy. Eric Gill might or might not have approved. Gill was a sculptor and a typeface designer of such typefaces as the enduring Gill Sans and the elegant Joanna face that he used in the book. In this treatise, first published in 1931, he describes in detail the artistry of the typographer – on one page he shows 29 examples of the letter “A”. But the essay is primarily a rant about the mechanisation of society, a process leaving the craftsman (printer, bookbinder or typographical designer) in danger of losing his “holy” craft and becoming a mere machine minder. Idiosyncratic and cranky, Gill’s thinking on the subject paves the way for works, such as the excellent recent Helvetica documentary, that open our eyes to the role of typography in how we read and how we see.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 37.588055
Retrieved Text: We engage with print design every day, whether it’s looking at a billboard poster on our way to work or picking up a magazine on our lunch break.
Despite the enormous growth of digital design in the last decade, print design retains an important tactile role that we simply couldn’t do without. Packaging, signage, books, flyers, tickets…the list of everyday items that print designers create goes on and on. Even websites and apps lift most of their design traits from their longer-established print relations.
But where did it all begin? Here, we’ll look at how print design came into being, how it evolved and how its role has developed in society today.
Many print designers would argue that print design only truly began with the invention of the printing press (see below), as this was the first time that identical copies of designs could be produced quickly and easily.
However, many of the sub-disciplines that contribute to print design as we know it today have much deeper origins. The very first evidence of people combining pictures and words onto media arguably marks the real birth of design.
Humans have always felt motivated to visualize the world around them. As early as 30,000 BC, paintings from the Chauvet Cave in southern France show how early artists created abstract interpretations of the animals and people they encountered in their daily lives.
In ancient Mesopotamia and Babylonia, a design was often used for economic or religious purposes. Clay seals and stamps dating from this period feature letterforms and glyphs arranged in sequences, which some design

########
Rank: 13
Score: 36.178345
Retrieved Text: In 1742, Alexander Wilson set up a type foundry in St Andrews, with a friend John Bain, when—after visiting a type foundry in London—they had the idea to make better typefaces. Two years later Wilson and Bain moved their type foundry to premises in Camlachie close to Glasgow, but in 1747 Bain moved to Dublin. Soon after this Bain quit the partnership leaving Wilson the sole owner of the type foundry.
The quality of the type produced by the foundry was outstanding, and the finest of all was a Greek type. The Foulis Press in Glasgow, run by the two brothers Robert and Andrew Foulis, used Wilson's type and produced some of the finest and most beautiful books which no other press could match. This creative relationship produced typography that earned the praise of their peers. The firm run by Wilson in partnership with his three sons continued to operate throughout his life, during which he published 'A Specimen of some of the Printing Types Cast in the Foundry of Alexander Wilson and Sons' in 1772 which provides a fine example of the capabilities of the firm. In fact Alexander Wilson and Sons continued to be a thriving business after the death of its founder and the headquarters moved from Glasgow to London in 1834, and has had a lasting impression on type designers and typefaces ever since.
Scotch Roman is a term which refers to class of typefaces popular in the 19th Century. Originating in the United States, it is derived from the term ' Scotch-face' ,

########
Rank: 14
Score: 35.983837
Retrieved Text: New Castle, DE: Oak Knoll Books, 1981. 5.5 x 8.5 inches. hardcover, dust jacket. xxii, 271 pages. With Incidental Alarums, and Excursions Into Collateral Fields. Checklist by Joseph W. Rogers. Reprint of the 1943 first edition which was printed in a very small number. Frank E. Hopkins set up a press in the attic of his "Red House" in Jamaica, New York in 1896 and named it after his daughter Marion. He printed the first... READ MORE about THE MARION PRESS, A SURVEY AND A CHECKLIST.
New Castle, Delaware: Oak Knoll Press, (2009). 9 x 12 inches. paperback. 398 pages. Reprint of the second, revised edition. Discover 1,600 classical as well as bizarre typefaces in one of the most massive tributes to the history of printing and metal types. This edition of American Metal Typefaces of the Twentieth Century contains 300 more typefaces in a clean, attractive format. This well-organized work captures the rapidly disappearing traditions and legacy that metal-type printing... READ MORE about AMERICAN METAL TYPEFACES OF THE TWENTIETH CENTURY.
New York: The Typophiles, 1997. small 8vo. cloth. xiii, 95, (3) pages. Limited to 500 copies. Chap Book, New Series, Number One. Short biography of Bruce Rogers (1870-1957), a reprint of the 1965 Master's Thesis by Mansbridge, who was acquainted with Mr. Rogers during the last decade or so of his life. (Facing the title page is a photo of the author and Mr. Rogers.) There is no discussion of books designed by Mr. Rogers... READ MORE about BRUCE ROGERS: AMERICAN TYPOGRAPHER.
INLAND PRINTERS: THE FINE-PRESS MOVEMENT IN

########
Rank: 15
Score: 35.83909
Retrieved Text: Eye Magazine | Opinion | Get the message?
Traditionally, legibility has been determined by a set of fixed criteria, absolute standards based on optical research: the “rules” of typography. But this approach denies the cultural connotations of type. Typefaces and typography communicate meanings and target their audience by class, age and gender. Neville Brody’s early reductions of words to signs in The Face magazine, for example, knew and found their audience. Legibility cannot be a blanket evaluation; it must take account of whether the target audience gets the message. Moreover, the concept of legibility itself raises the question: legible by whom?
Legibility must also be considered within the framework of history: standards may shift according to the period of history under consideration. Baskerville is perhaps the epitome of a legible typeface, embodying the traditional virtues of a classic. But when first introduced in 1757, Baskerville was heavily criticised for its illegibility – for being “fatiguing to the eye”, and indeed for “blinding the Nation” with “Baskerville pains”. The root of this supposed illegibility was the fineness of Baskerville’s serifs, made possible by improvements in printing and paper surfaces. Times change: what is readable now may well have been completely unreadable in the past. We live in the age of television, with a visually literate audience used to a sophisticated level of coding and pace. The audience has moved on, the technology has moved on, but the attitudes of some typographers have not. They prefer to jealousy guard their rules – their tablets of stone – rather than confront

########
Rank: 16
Score: 35.324764
Retrieved Text: Dala Floda has its roots in the typefaces of the Renaissance but adds the twist of being a stencil letterform. Originally inspired by worn gravestone lettering and lettering on shipping crates, the elegance of the forms belies their everyday origins.
First designed in 1997 for a logotype, Dala Floda eventually became the headline typeface for the art magazine Frieze in 2005. Since then the family has grown considerably with the addition of an italic and a range of heavier weights, all the way up to a fat weight. Its stencil form makes it well suited for headline use and especially for logotypes. The swashes are particularly noteworthy, bringing something unique and unexpected to the stencil category.
The Cyrillic version of Dala Floda was designed by Ilya Ruderman (CTSM Fonts) in 2016.
Paul Barnes is a graphic designer and typographer. A graduate of Reading University, he moved to New York in the early 1990s, where he worked for Roger Black (Font Bureau). His projects in those years included the redesign of the magazines Newsweek, Esquire (US and British editions) and Foreign Affairs. In 1995 Barnes set up as an independent designer in London. With Peter Saville, he worked on a diverse array of works as identities for Givenchy; Original Modern, an undertaking that was part of the City of Manchester’s regional marketing plan, and album covers for Gay Dad, New Order and Electronic. He has worked for large corporations and publishers as a designer and consultant. These clients include The Guardian, Wallpaper*, GQ, frieze and Harper’s Bazaar. In 2004 Barnes

########
Rank: 17
Score: 34.781296
Retrieved Text: The Mechanical Hand by Michael Taylor surveys artists involvement with print, through the work of Paupers Press fine art print studio. Specialising in etching, lithography and relief printing, Paupers Press works with many leading contemporary artists producing limited edition and unique prints, books and portfolio collections. The book is arranged by artist and features the work of Damien Hirst, Chris Offili, Tracey Emin, Keith Coventry and many more. The Mechanical Hand includes interviews with artists and essays on the nature of the print within contemporary artistic practice.
Michelangelo by Miles J Unger is the life of one of the most revolutionary artists in history, told through the story of six of his greatest masterpieces. Among the immortals--Leonardo, Rembrandt, Picasso--Michelangelo stands alone as a master of painting, sculpture, and architecture. He was not only the greatest artist in an age of giants, but a man who reinvented the practice of art itself.
Coloring Fish by Diana Vowles is a coloring book for grown-ups. The 44 finely detailed fish drawings represent some of the finest work of illustrator William Lizars (1788-1859), taken from William Jardine's 40-volume catalogue The Naturalist's Library. Here you will find sticklebacks and salmon, flying fish and seahorses, angel fish and sharks.
Fifty Typefaces That Changed the World by John L Walters is a witty and insightful book in which the author explores 50 of the most influential typefaces and shows them in use on posters, perfume packaging, buildings and more. From the power of Gotham - the typeface used in Obama's first presidential campaign - to the

########
Rank: 18
Score: 33.75737
Retrieved Text: Sans Forgetica is a typeface scientifically designed to help you remember your study materials and other written information.
Sans Forgetica: Study Mode is easy to use. Simply activate the Chrome extension in your browser, then highlight any on screen text that you wish to retain in memory. Sans Forgetica is best used as a highlighting tool for particular phrases, rather than whole texts.
★ What’s wrong with my regular font?
From its invention, the story of typeface design has been one of technological limitation. Today, however, typography has been unleashed. Digital formats allow us to think and craft beyond the physical restrictions of materials. Never before has it been so easy to craft letterforms that bend to the will of our imaginations.
But research has shown that the clean, smooth typefaces typically used in contemporary computer user interfaces may be less effective in presenting information to the reader. When a piece of information is too easily and cleanly perceived, it fails to engage our brains in the kind of deeper cognitive processing necessary for effective retention and recall.
Sans Forgetica was designed under the scientific guidance of Dr Janneke Blijlevens and Dr Jo Laban from RMIT’s Behavioural Business Lab. The font works using principles of psychology, fused with type design, to create a condition known as ‘desirable difficulty’ – obstructions to the learning process that aid the retention and recall of information.
The design of Sans Forgetica was led by RMIT Lecturer of Typography and renowned typographer Stephen Banham. Working in collaboration with RMIT’s Behavioural Business Lab, Stephen developed multiple typefaces at

########
Rank: 19
Score: 33.63823
Retrieved Text: The history of printing is rich with cultural traditions and modern technological advances and can be dated back to as early as 200 AD in China, where they used wooden blocks to print on textiles and paper. Throughout the centuries, printing has been picked up by different cultures and used widely across the world, and has slowly developed into the types of printing that we use today.
Printing in England was believed to have been started by a young entrepreneur named William Caxton, who was born in Kent and had moved to Bruges in Germany in 1446. His brief trip to Cologne was during Germany’s rapidly advancing printing industry where he had witnessed their intelligent and innovative printing techniques. He swiftly set up his own printing business and printed his first English language textbook in 1473. Upon his return to the UK in 1476, he started his own press in Westminster and continued his printing endeavours, forming the history of printing within England. Caxton was renowned for printing romantic fiction and classical works including history textbooks.
William Caxton was credited with forming the basis of the English language through his printed textbooks. He was believed to have expanded English vocabulary and the use of grammar and accents. Another icon in the history of printing was William Caslon, who in the early 1700s was designing typefaces for British press companies due to his ability to engrave barrels and gun locks with inventive typefaces. His work gained recognition for its creativity and later became hugely popular, with the United States

########
Rank: 20
Score: 33.55861
Retrieved Text: Just My Type is not just a font book, but a book of stories. About how Helvetica and Comic Sans took over the world. About why Barack Obama opted for Gotham, while Amy Winehouse found her soul in 30s Art Deco. About the great originators of type, from Baskerville to Zapf, or people like Neville Brody who threw out the rulebook, or Margaret Calvert, who invented the motorway signs that are used from Watford Gap to Abu Dhabi. About the pivotal moment when fonts left the world of Letraset and were loaded onto computers ... and typefaces became something we realised we all have an opinion about. As the Sunday Times review put it, the book is 'a kind of Eats, Shoots and Leaves for letters, revealing the extent to which fonts are not only shaped by but also define the world in which we live.' This edition is available with both black and silver covers.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 33.542046
Retrieved Text: Can’t breathe without Helvetica? We know the feeling. If typography gets you out of bed in the morning, Designer and Creative Technologist Dong Yoon Park has created an app for you. The TypeClock app features four different types of design, the ability to assign characters displayed, change type size and animation speed and grid mode.
Design Options include Black on White, White on Black, Black on Kraft Paper, Black on Matte Paper, Display Type Name and Display Grid. Typefaces provided by iOS include Cochin, Times New Roman, Palatino, Hoefler Text, Didot, Bodoni, Baskerville, Georgia, Arial, Verdana, Futura, Gill Sans, Optima, Trebuchet and of course, Helvetica.
Download it here ($.99). Want to know what fonts are used in some of the web’s most famous logos? Read here.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 33.187447
Retrieved Text: Johannise is a revival with size-specific considerations, based on Baskerville’s work in 1773, designed during Type@Paris.
Typefaces with size-specific considerations can be particularly useful for designers working on the web. They are difficult to use to their full potential, however, due to the massive variety of screens and devices readers are using. I decided to design a size-specific typeface that kept this constraint in mind, for ongoing explorations into responsive lettering and type design.
Like most visual communication challenges on the web, this problem isn’t as new as it’s made out to be: graphic designers have always needed size-specific type—in fact, for a long time, type was size specific by nature.
Each different type size was a physically different object, and different decisions and visual compensations for each size of type. I was reminded of this on many of our visits to different libraries and special collections throughout the trip, including the Typofonderie library. During our visit, Jean François suggested I could design a revival, perhaps basing it on a book he had that used Baskerville type.
The book was Shaftesbury’s Characteristicks of Men, Manners, Opinions, Times. It includes type set in a variety of sizes, from footnotes to larger capitals for the index. These would serve as the reference for the range of styles I would be designing.
It even seemed appropriate to review Baskerville’s work in France, where his work was appreciated much more than his native England. Fournier le Joeune even wrote that Baskerville’s italic was “the best found in any type-foundry in Europe” during their day (Benton,

########
Rank: 23
Score: 32.83592
Retrieved Text: Praised for an elegant readability that belied their rigorous engineering, Adrian Frutiger's typefaces have graced signs from the Paris Métro to London streets.
The Swiss typeface designer Adrian Frutiger passed away over the weekend, (you can read the New York Times obituary here). Throughout Frutiger’s prolifiic career, he created more than forty different typefaces that were widely praised for their ingenious engineering, style, and readability – appearing on signs in the Paris Métro (a custom adaptation of Univers) as well as, perhaps most iconically, on the street signs throughout London (Univers).
Univers was also a crucial design element of the 1972 Olympic Games in Munich. Another of his typefaces, named after himself (Frutiger), is utilized throughout John F. Kennedy International Airport in New York and Charles de Gaulle Airport in Paris.
The optical-character font he designed in 1968, OCR-B, was adopted five years later as the standard across the world, including appearing at the bottom of personal checks. Born in 1928 near Interlaken, Switzerland, Adrian Johann Frutiger graduated from the School of Applied Arts in Zurich in 1952, after which he moved to Paris and became a designer with the type foundry Deberny & Peignot. He went on to become artistic director of the firm, and it was during his time there that Frutiger created the fonts Président, Méridien, and Ondine. He also founded his own studio in Paris by the early 1960s.
Frutiger received many honors and awards throughout his lifetime, including the 1987 medal of the Type Directors Club. Additionally, an anthology of his work titled Adrian Frutiger

########
Rank: 24
Score: 32.58427
Retrieved Text: The alphabet is only part of a typeface that contains lots of different characters such as numbers, punctuation, mathematical and monetary symbols and ligatures. Ligatures are where two letters are combined together to make printing easier. Explore you computer keyboard to find some of the other characters. You will need to use your shift, alt and cntrl keys.
Choose a magazine, for example the Big Issue or Heat, and look at the main typefaces they use for the body text and headlines. Go to http://www.identifont.com and use the programme to identify the fonts. Look at the ranges of typefaces all around you and try to identify their distinguishing characteristics. Make notes in your learning log.
Below is a table I created from my computer keyboard.
On the second row I did the same as on row 1. The option key gave the second row results. As with the above rows ‘fn ‘ or ‘cmd’ did not give any different result.
I learned to type in Luxembourg which is a country that operates in both French and German. Hence the keyboards are Swiss/French i.e. QUERTZ instead of QUERTY. However much of my work was done in colaboration with French speakers so I was accustomed to an AZERTY keyboard. All of this confusion did nothing for my typing skills. I remain a sort of ‘semi’ touch typist!!!! But the course I took did wonders for my French bad language as the student behind me was French speaking with a short temper and a wide knowledge of expletives…. I resorted to always keeping

########
Rank: 25
Score: 32.45039
Retrieved Text: Any classically trained typographer worth their salt will tell you that you should only ever use a limited range of typefaces. The countless array of type candy that is all within easy range is a temptation that offers little benefit to design at all.
Celebrated Italian designer Massimo Vignelli controversially claimed “we use too many typefaces“.
Vignelli thought that half-a-dozen to a dozen typefaces were enough for any designer to work with. Of course there are many people who disagree, but there are also many designers who use an abomination of type combinations akin to throwing everything you can find on a Christmas tree and calling it stylish decoration. Potato. Po-ta-to.
Before being immersed in digital content my background lies in classic print design and I have spent many hours grafting at the coalface of typesetting, justifying large blocks of text by hand for magazines and books. I have studied grids, layouts and kerning. (Read The Elements of Typographic Style.) I know how to balance leading with the width of the type block and how to use white space to enhance page impact and I know how to deal with an orphan and a widow.
Having studied the craft, this puts me in a position of experience to have an opinion that strongly believes, the less we use in design the better. I also agree that to be a type purist you have to work with a single typeface for years before you understand how to achieve balanced perfection on a page.
With the rise of content production online the selection

########
Rank: 26
Score: 32.28473
Retrieved Text: Oh my goodness! Book By Its Cover just featured the INCREDIBLE sketchbook by typographer and graphic designer Will Miller. I love the range of typefaces and the three-dimensionality of his creations -- all in a tiny sketchbook page! Check out more photos here and more work here.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 32.249504
Retrieved Text: Here is a figure showing some of the excellent work of Dutch typographer Martin Majoor and his large family of fonts Scala, that include very closely matched serif and sans-serif faces.
His website explains that "In my opinion, mixing serif with sans only makes sense when the serif and the sans typefaces are both derived from the same foundation, or even from the same skeleton."
This figure shows how he made that come to life for Scala.
Top Left. How Majoor cretaed Scala Sans from his face Scala. "Scala Sans was literally derived from Scala. Using a black marker and some correction fluid, I changed the serif characters into sans."
Bottom Left. The lowercase letters a-g for serif (upper) and sans-serif (lower) show that the final published forms of the fonts retain the closeness of origin.
Top Right. Majoor shows that both serif and sans-serif sit on the same skeleton; "When I was designing Scala and Scala Sans my motto became: ‘two typefaces, one form principle’. This can be demonstrated by isolating the common skeleton of the roman and the italic in both Scala and in Scala Sans."
Bottom Right: Exactly overlain examples of a-b-c lower case are shown. Although both serif and sans-serif give markedley different texture and colour to a block of text set in the two different typefaces they differ less than about 10% in shape between the two faces.
Robert Bringhurst has a very complimentary write up on Majoors Scala faces in his book Elements of Typographic Style.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 32.10604
Retrieved Text: To create something new, we believe those disciplines need to be intertwined.
For us, the appeal of a good mechanical watch lies in its ability to operate independently of the modern world.
It‘s a refined, yet rugged beauty which transcends technology, trends and even owners.
The idea was born by a remote Highland lochan, Loch anOrdain, many years ago.
Early inspiration came from studying a collection of OS maps from the area.
The idea was born by a remote Highland lochan, Loch anOrdain many years ago.
Our typographer, Imogen, began to develop a series of typefaces inspired by the OS maps.
...our jeweller, Adam, immersed himself in enamelling.
Our jeweller, Adam, immersed himself in enamelling.
A visual language began to emerge from old inspirations and hallowed crafts in fresh hands.
The allure of enamel was irresistible - an incomparable depth of colour; colour which won’t fade over time, and of course the challenge of mastering one of watchmaking’s great arts.
We experimented with 168 enamels from five countries.
It took almost 4000 hours over three years at the bench to perfect our first enamel dial.
Our enamelist, Adam, and his apprentice, Morna, produce an average of eight dials per week.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 31.891563
Retrieved Text: Poster, with accompanying animation, about Morris Fuller Benton's typeface, Franklin Gothic.
This is a poster describing the typographer Morris Fuller Benton's and his classic typeface, Franklin Gothic.
Featured in the publication, "100 Best Typefaces Ever."

================



======= Instance Index 570 =========
Input Text: The word "drought" has multiple meanings. Does it have the same meaning in sentences 1 and 2? Yes or no?

Sentence 1: When England defeated Pakistan it ended a ten-year drought.
Sentence 2: Farmers most affected by the drought hope that there may yet be sufficient rain early in the growing season.

Target Text: No

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 49.51896
Retrieved Text: 1. a period of dry weather, esp. a long one that is injurious to crops.
2. an extended shortage; scarcity; dearth.
pron: Because drought and drouth represent two phonetic developments of the same Old English word and are pronounced (drout) and (drouth) respectively, the latter is not a mispronunciation of drought. The now unproductive suffix -th1 and its alternate form -t were formerly used to derive nouns from adjectives or verbs, resulting in such pairs as drouth/drought from dry, and highth/height (the former now obsolete) from high. In American English, drought is common everywhere in educated speech and is the usual printed form.
A long period of abnormally low rainfall.
Noun 1. drought - a shortage of rainfall; "farmers most affected by the drought hope that there may yet be sufficient rain early in the growing season"
2. drought - a prolonged shortage; "when England defeated Pakistan it ended a ten-year drought"
1. water shortage, dryness, dry weather, dry spell, aridity, lack of rain, drouth (Scot.), parchedness Drought and famines have killed up to two million people.
2. shortage, lack, deficit, deficiency, want, need, shortfall, scarcity, dearth, insufficiency The Western world was suffering through the oil drought.
More than 10,000 children from Baringo North, Tiaty, and Baringo South are on the verge of dropping out of school due to water scarcity and hunger.
8 billion people will be living in regions or countries with absolute water scarcity which has posing grave threat for those countries.
Egypt gets 85 percent of its water quota from the Ethiopian plateau and does face water scarcity as the citizen's quota

########
Rank: 1
Score: 47.344433
Retrieved Text: Thanks to a series of unseasonable weather spells and the ongoing impact of last year’s drought, this year’s harvest has proven a challenging one for the team at Robertson Winery. But despite a lower yield – particularly in terms of red wine – there’s plenty to look forward to as harvest season comes to an end.
While drought was the word on everyone’s lips in 2018, its damaging effects are only truly being felt this year, with many farmers struggling thanks to the limited availability of water in the period following last year’s harvest. Without sufficient supply for post-harvest irrigation and fertilisation, this is likely to be the country’s smallest harvest in 15-20 years, according to Briaan Stipp, head Viticulturist at Robertson Winery.
However, it isn’t only last year’s well-documented drought that’s wrought havoc with this season’s crops. Unseasonably warm weather in October hampered the growth of some berries, while a spell of heavy summer rain late in the harvest season slowed down sugar accumulation in some of the later ripening varieties.
But while there have been challenges aplenty, the fruits of this year’s harvest look set to be some of the best yet, particularly amongst the early-ripening varieties, which were harvested in optimal conditions.
Red grape varieties were more adversely affected this year – both by the drought and the 60mm of rain which fell mid-way through the harvest season. As a result, yields on the red side are down 18% compared to 2018, as opposed to just a 4% decline seen in production of white wine.
“With conditions less

########
Rank: 2
Score: 47.149822
Retrieved Text: Temperatures well above 20 degrees Celsius are being recorded far into the topmost northern regions of Europe. These sunny days are, however, accompanied by a lack of rain and low humidity. There are concerns about drought in several countries in north-west Europe. Further to the south, farmers have no issues with this. In some cases, it is just the opposite. Severe hailstorms have damaged crops in various countries.
The European Union is worried about this year's harvests. This is according to June's JRC MARS Bulletin. This document contains the harvest forecasts for the season. In general, estimates have been adjusted downward. The map below shows the areas of concern. From these, the division in Europe immediately becomes obvious. The north is dealing with a drought while further to the south there has been too much precipitation.
In Kent, UK, a cold spring was quickly followed by a hot summer. This has resulted in an erratic season. Raspberries are doing well at the moment. There are, however, fewer strawberries available. Traditionally, the demand for strawberries increases around the time Wimbledon is being played. Two weeks ago, this sector was struggling with an oversupply. This just goes to show how erratic the season is.
Higher-than-usual temperatures are being recorded on the east coast of Scotland. The outliers here are, however, not as extreme as in the south of the United Kingdom. Temperatures range between 17 and 21 degrees. These peaks in the season are putting pressure on the market; not only in sales but also in the chain. For example, it

########
Rank: 3
Score: 46.36299
Retrieved Text: (CNBC) – Dry weather in most of Ivory Coast’s cocoa-growing regions last week could hinder the development of the April-to-September mid-crop, farmers said on Monday.
The world’s top cocoa producer is in the midst of the dry season, which runs from November to late February. Harmattan winds sweep in sand from the Sahara, which can ravage cocoa pods and sap soil moisture, leading to smaller beans.
Farmers said the Harmattan was mild this week and that there were many flowers and pods on trees. They said high soil moisture content was sustaining trees through the dry season, but more rain was needed to help the mid-crop develop.
Supply from the bush had started to drop, the farmers added.
In the western region of Soubre, farmers complained about the heat and lack of rain.
“The past two weeks have been very hot. We need rain to protect the flowers and pods,” said Salame Kone, who farms on the outskirts of Soubre.
“The weather is sometimes cloudy. We hope it will rain this week,” Kone said.
Data collected by Reuters showed that rainfall in Soubre, including the regions of San Pedro and Sassandra, was at 0.7 millimeters (mm) last week, 2.9 mm below the five-year average.
In the center-western region of Daloa, which produces a quarter of national output, farmers said the mid-crop would be promising if the dry season was mild.
“Trees have not been damaged yet because the drought isn’t strong. If it rains well this week or next week, we think it will be okay,” said Raphael Kouame, who farms near Daloa.
Data showed that

########
Rank: 4
Score: 43.851116
Retrieved Text: The chaotic weather pattern over Sri Lanka continues to wreak havoc — with the South West monsoon lashing one half of the country in an extended stay, while October’s much-expected inter-monsoonal rains are yet to make an appearance to end the drought in the other half.
The Meteorological Department said the low pressure condition that had developed in the Bay of Bengal was delaying the onset of the inter-monsoonal rains.
Duty Meteorologist Dharshana Premathileka told the Sunday Times the conditions were still not conducive for the second inter-monsoonal rains to come.
Usually, inter-monsoonal rains are experienced island wide in October and November. During this period, the country receives heavy rains within a short time span.
The Met official said the department was hopeful that at least by the end of this month, the country would experience the inter-monsoonal rain to see an end to the prolonged drought in the Northern, North Western, North Central and Eastern regions and the Hambantota district in the Southern Province.
Meanwhile, All-island Farmers Federation National Organiser Namal Karunaratne said the livelihood of agriculture-dependent people in these areas was affected not only by the prolonged drought but also by the lopsided policies of the Government.
Although it rained occasionally, the irrigation tanks were still largely empty and therefore the farmers could not start cultivation, he said.
Hitting out at the Government’s water distribution policy, Mr. Karunaratne said it appeared that agriculture was not a top priority in the allocation of water. The agriculture sector received only the remnants after much of the water was distributed for hydroelectricity generation, drinking

########
Rank: 5
Score: 43.12286
Retrieved Text: * There is climatic risk. The main climatic risk is drought that causes crop and pasture failure or at least a severe reduction in yield. This climatic risk is difficult to insure for.
* There are personal and local risks. Illness or accident is a risk for for the principle worker. Local factors such as flooding, fire, hail or storm are risks that can be severe in their impact but they can be reduced through insurance.
* Market risk due to a fall in prices during the production cycle.
In this section I discuss the climatic risk - mainly drought - on the main rotations.
There are a number of economic responses to poor rainfall and drought.
The most obvious means of reducing risk of loss is to reduce costs.
Most of the costs of inputs for cereals, forages and pastures are lost if they fail.
There are some exceptions. Phosphate fertiliser will be available the following year if there is a drought.
Cultivation costs, seed, nitrogen fertiliser, herbicides and most other cost will be lost if there is no crop or forage.
Low cost production techniques that use very few inputs therefore carry less risk. Shallow cultivation is cheaper and therefore carries less risk than deep ploughing.
Nitrogen from legumes cheaper and is less risky than nitrogen fertiliser.
The cereal-fallow rotation is low cost and low risk but also low return. At the other end of the scale grain legumes are high cost and high risk. Below we show how medic pasture can be used to reduce risk.
Low cost production methods such as described in the

########
Rank: 6
Score: 42.78263
Retrieved Text: We might look back in years to come and talk about the big dry of ’06.
But living through it was not easy. Those in the city may love the warm sunny days, but each day that dawns clear and each time weather reporters say ‘and another lovely fine day’ we cringe.
As the black clouds loom then pass us by we try not to worry too much, just sigh and look towards the next cold front however far away it might be.
For city dwellers I guess the worst they can expect is water restrictions. Most of them will still have their green lawns and long showers and swimming pools. For us thought it means so much more. The lawn is the first thing to go, as dams get lower. Showers get shorter; we cram more clothes into the washing machine, or reuse the water. Gardens die or just make do with less watering.
We watch the sky; we watch the weather report wondering if we should put a crop in nor not. Is such a huge expense going to be justified if it does not rain? Some crop anyway in the hope that it will rain eventually. Some leave it till the last possible moment, knowing the risk of cropping too late, but not knowing what else to do.
No one can give advice, no-one really knows.
Do you buy more feed at huge prices, or wait a bit longer hoping for rain. What if there is no feed available if you wait, already stocks are disappearing.
And if it doesn’t

########
Rank: 7
Score: 42.55952
Retrieved Text: The Ethiopian Ministry of Health, with direct support from UNICEF and WHO has begun a major measles and vitamin A campaign in the drought-affected areas of the country. The emergency intervention targets a total of 2.6 million children in 15 zones in four drought-affected regions (SNNPR, Somali, Oromiya and Amhara). Along with the measles vaccination children are given vitamin A, a micronutrient, which, according to health experts, reduces the risk of septemic complications and blindness in malnourished children affected by measles and is lacking childrens diets throughout Ethiopia. The three-week vaccination campaign started 23 June in south Ethiopia.
UNICEF has provided organizational and coordination support and has been the main source of funding of the campaign while WHO has provided important technical assistance. Preparations have included training, procurement of essential vaccines, needles, syringes and cold chain equipment and the provision of operational costs. Social mobilization in support of the campaign has included a special focus on radio spots in the 12 languages broadcast in Radio Ethiopia, Radio Fana and in the BBC Somali language service.
Children, whose physical condition has been weakened due to malnutrition or lack of food, are particularly prone to high morbidity and mortality due to measles infections. The vaccination campaign aims to avert the risk of the outbreak of measles epidemics; according to WHO previous major outbreaks of the disease in Ethiopia have killed up to 20 % of the infected.
Planning for the campaign has required staff to travel to remote or nearly inaccessible areas with the vaccines, which need to be kept cold.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 42.381584
Retrieved Text: The South African wine industry has reached a challenging stage in the harvest season due to the continuing drought and low water supplies in the Western Cape.
According to the industry body Sawis (SA Wine Industry Information & Systems) a second crop estimate of the South African wine grape harvest in the second week of January predicts an even smaller harvest than previous estimates at the end of November 2017 – possibly the smallest since 2005.
Drought conditions have been prevalent in the Western Cape for the third consecutive season with major dam levels currently around 26.6% full compared to 41.6% in 2017. Most producers depend on irrigation water from the various irrigation schemes that have been rationed since early in the 2017 growing season. Water quotas have been cut between 50-80%.
The lack of rain, shrinking water supplies and continual hot days can further lead to a smaller 2018 crop.
The Olifants River region is affected worst by the drought and producers in this region were allocated less than 17% of their usual water quota from the Clanwilliam dam (now only 19.9% full) in the course of the season. The Orange River region is currently the only wine region not experiencing water shortages.
As an important provider of permanent and seasonal work in the agricultural industry, the drought will have an impact on especially seasonal workers as the harvest period will shorten due to the smaller crop. This could lead to further unemployment and will have a negative impact on the social welfare in the different communities.
“This is a difficult

########
Rank: 9
Score: 41.746143
Retrieved Text: THE first hint of a change in weather wasn't clouds or thunder for Tannymorel farmers Lyle and Peter Grayson.
One of the "little signs" handed down over generations, the Graysons know when turtles come crawling out of the creek there's a good chance some wet weather is on the way.
Like most farmers around the region, a weekend of rainfall won't be enough to break the drought or even make them confident enough to plant the millet and forage sorghum they would usually be putting in around this time of year.
But the drum of rain on the roof and 24mm in the gauge was enough to stir a bit of hope.
"The rain hasn't been enough, nowhere near. Not that would take any pressure off the way that drought is," Lyle said.
"But it is a good start. If we get follow-up rain, that would be good."
Lyle said it would take a flood to break the worst drought he has ever seen.
"The length of time it takes to rebuild things, that sort of thing is not usually understood," he said.
Peter said it would take most farmers in the region five months after good rain to start making an income and about a year to get back to where they were before the drought hit.
Between 50-80mm would be needed for farmers to consider planting, but few were lucky to get that much, according to Pacific Seeds territory manager Bill Smith.
"It was very good rain because it was nice and gentle but it is short of what most would need to put

########
Rank: 10
Score: 41.29272
Retrieved Text: Continuing with the trend witnessed over the past three years, ready-to-harvest Rabi crops got damaged due to unseasonal rainfall coupled with strong winds and hailstorm in eight states across north and central India in the last two days.
Weather experts attributed the cause of rainfall at this time of the year to mainly the western disturbance.
Reports from Punjab, Haryana, Uttar Pradesh and Maharashtra confirmed that thousands of acres of standing crops (mainly wheat and mustard) had been destroyed.
Remote areas in Uttarakhand, Jammu & Kashmir, Himachal Pradesh and Madhya Pradesh also witnessed hailstorm which caused extensive damage to horticultural crops. Besides wheat and mustard, pulses, linseed, barley and oat have been damaged.
According to reports, the most affected areas are the Vidarbha and Marathawada areas of Maharashtra, western Uttar Pradesh, eastern Rajasthan, Punjab and Haryana. Primary estimate says crop loss has been around 10-15 per cent till now.
This season Rabi crops were at the mercy of high temperatures than what is normal during the winter season. This affected the productivity as well as maturity of the wheat crop to a great extent.
It is the seventh consecutive agrarian crisis in rural India. The year 2013 started with crops being damaged due to unseasonal rainfall in the Rabi season followed by the destruction of Kharif crops due to extreme weather events. The next two years witnessed unseasonal rainfall and drought across the country.
In 2015-16, more than 10 states declared drought in view of a deficit monsoon.
Delhi-based non-profit Centre for Science and Environment (CSE) came out with a report last year which

########
Rank: 11
Score: 41.285667
Retrieved Text: CAPE TOWN, Jul 30 2016 (IPS) - Almost half a decade of drought across most of South Africa has led to small towns in crisis and food imports for the first time in over 20 years, as well as severely hampering the government’s planned land redistribution programme.
It’s the cost of food in an economic downturn that has been the immediate effect. But hidden from view is a growing social crisis as farmers retrench their workforce and the new class of black commercial farmers has been rocked by the drought. Also hidden from many is the effect on small towns across the north of the country in particular, which are now reporting business closures, growing unemployment and social instability.
According to emerging black farmers, the record high temperates and dry conditions of the last few years has led to an upsurge in bankruptcy cases and forced many off their newly redistributed farmland. While some have managed to take out loans to fund the capital-intensive commercial farming requirements, others aren’t so lucky. Even large-scale commercial farmers are now unable to service their debt.
“It’s terrible, terrible, terrible,” said African Association of Farmers business development strategist, Thomas Pitso Sekhoto.
BFAP farming systems analyst Divan van der Westhuizen says these farmers had already been struggling with increased costs and lower production.
“The depreciation of the rand has a strong correlation on the landed price of fertiliser and oil-based products. Year-on-year there’s an increase of 11 percent on fertiliser and 10 percent on fuel,” he said.
Agriculture development specialists say support for the sector has been

########
Rank: 12
Score: 41.01869
Retrieved Text: Forecasted El Niño conditions could lead to rainfall irregularities during the March-April season, impacting the start of the Primera harvest and below-average rainfall in certain areas of Honduras and Nicaragua for the Apante season. In Haiti, rainfall conditions were sufficient for the crops except in drought affected areas, in Nord and Nord-Est.
Losses in the dry corridor caused by the drought during the Primera harvest and the damages in the Postrera production due to excess of rainfall did not allow subsistence farmers’ households to ensure food stocks, resulting in an early start of lean season (March instead of May). Some poor households have depended on the market since September for the purchase of their staple foods.
In Central America, the main sources of temporary labor are expected to be normal during November – March, those sources are the production of tropical fruit, sugarcane, shrimp and mainly coffee harvest. In Haiti, local demand for agricultural labor is low, however, other sources of income such as temporary migration to the Dominican Republic, charcoal sales, petty trading, are available alternatives for poorest households.
In Central America, maize and bean market supplies are near average, supported by the Postrera harvest, stocks, and imports. Maize prices were above-average and stable in December while bean prices were below average to average. In Nicaragua, political tension continued to affect markets, pressuring maize prices. In Haiti, local maize prices increased while local black bean prices fell and imported rice prices were stable but above average.
The poorest households in the Dry corridor who lost their crops during the

########
Rank: 13
Score: 40.770905
Retrieved Text: South Africa, Africa's largest corn producer, said it will make its emergency weather warning systems more credible among farmers after drought reduced the country's white harvest.
"Our first priority is to have early-warning systems for farmers and to get them to respect them," Agriculture Minister Tina Joemat-Pettersson said on Tuesday. "We warned farmers the drought was imminent but if they doubt the credibility of the information then they're not going to do anything."
The harvest of white corn, used to make one of the country's staple foods, fell 20% in the year ended April to the smallest since the 2007 season after a drought in the main growing provinces, the Crop Estimates Committee said on November 29.
Grain SA, the nation's biggest representative of commercial farmers, said prices may surge as much as 27% if the North West province does not get more rain to enable farmers to plant by December 15. The government of the region, which produced a third of the country's white corn in 2012, declared a drought in September.
The state provided R43-million rand in a "first tranche" of drought aid to the North West, Joemat- Pettersson said.
The government is also concerned about a lack of rain in the Northern Cape, where table grapes are grown for export, and in the north of KwaZulu-Natal, where sugar cane is harvested, she said.
With more than 23 000 farmers having applied for assistance, the money is "completely ineffectual," Johannes Moller, president of growers' body AgriSA, told the Cape Town Press Club on November 29. Farmers organisations sought R400-million in

########
Rank: 14
Score: 40.739853
Retrieved Text: Farmers have indicated there could be problems with the wheat and barley harvest if there is no rain in the next few weeks.
There could be a serious threat to livelihoods as the once-in-a-generation drought continues to plague the country, according to the Irish Farmers Association.
IFA President Joe Healy said the current dry weather is causing problems for farmers who rely on solely on rainfall for grass and crop growth.
On Monday he said: “We are dealing with a once-in-a-generation weather event which is posing really difficult challenges for some farmers.
“For livestock farmers, soil moisture and high temperatures are impacting on grass growth rates.
Farmers have indicated there could be problems with the wheat and barley harvest if there is no rain in the next few weeks, as the crops depend on rainfall rather than irrigation.
Lettuce and other vegetables such as broccoli and cauliflower could be also face short supply as high temperatures and little rainfall can effect production.
Irish consumers could be forced to pay for the shortage as the knock-on effect will result in a price hike for vegetables affected by the heat.
“Crop losses look inevitable with growers facing a situation where winter crops in the ground are stressed, and spring crops planted about eight weeks ago have not had any rain since” Mr Healy added.
“The continuing trend of low prices on the one side and increasing input prices on the other is placing cereal and vegetable production in this country under threat.
Graham Cunningham, a buyer for Total Produce Food Service, said: “I’ve spoken to local growers who

########
Rank: 15
Score: 40.23948
Retrieved Text: Since the devastating 2012 drought, farmers spent the past five seasons rebuilding their herds and getting back to a sustainable level. Many have just started to feel like their feet are back under them. But with the dry months of summer now setting in, many Missouri cattle farmers are struggling to find hay and feed for their animals.
Unfortunately, after an abnormally dry spring, most of northern Missouri is now suffering drought conditions. Some or all of 35 counties are now experiencing severe drought, and nearly everywhere else north of the Missouri River is either classified as abnormally dry or experiencing moderate drought conditions. The area classified in severe drought nearly tripled between the second and third weeks in June.
The current drought has decreased forage growth by about half, according to many farmers. To make up for this loss, farmers would typically feed animals baled hay to supplement pasture grazing. However, several factors have converged to reduce the availability of extra hay.
In the drought-affected areas, last fall was also abnormally dry across much of the same region, leading to less hay production in the first place. After making it through winter with low hay stocks, farmers were looking forward to warmer weather and turning cattle out to graze once pastures began to grow.
In most years, northern Missouri farmers feed hay to their cattle until the end of March or first of April. But with this April being historically cold — with many areas even seeing snowstorms through the third week of the month — farmers had to

########
Rank: 16
Score: 40.19952
Retrieved Text: North Korea says it is facing its worst drought in a century, sparking fears of worsening food shortages.
State news agency KCNA said main rice-growing provinces had been badly affected and more than 30% of rice paddies were "parching up".
Some rainfall was reported on Wednesday but this is not unusual for a country that often veers between droughts and severe floods, according to BBC Weather's Phil Avery.
Any rainfall now will not make up for the dry weather in the last few months, a period crucial for the country's agrarian economy, and which has already severely hampered preparation for the wheat and rice crops.
The Mei-Yu weather front, which normally moves up from China later on in the summer, may provide more rain - but there is no guarantee that will happen or that it will not cause floods, as it has done in the past.
It is unusual for North Korea to talk openly of its shortages so the very appearance of the report in state media is significant. It indicates the situation is serious, and it may well indicate that North Korea wants outside help. The report of drought coincides with the release of two South Korean prisoners from North Korean custody, and that may underline the desire of the North to elicit sympathy and more tangible aid.
Polls in South Korea indicate conflicting views - most people support aid to the North but some also question why South Korea should help a country developing nuclear weapons targeted at the very donors of aid. In the last 10 years,

########
Rank: 17
Score: 40.08904
Retrieved Text: The European Association for Fruit and Vegetable Growers reported that the constant high temperatures in Europe have caused one of the worst crises in the European fruit and vegetable industry in the last 40 years. The report states: "The production volume in many vegetable production areas dropped sharply as a result of constant high temperatures and dry weather.
For Kauai farmers, recovering from a major flood event is more complicated that just removing silt. As communities continue the process of recovery, growers are looking at the long process of bringing their impacted fields back into production. This is a significant challenge for farmers of perennial crops that are not propagated from seeds, including important local crops like taro, sweet potato, and banana. It can be difficult to obtain sufficient cuttings to plant a new crop.
Rat infestation in rice farms in Negros Occidental resulted in production loss worth about P8.4 million, according to the Office of the Provincial Agriculturist (OPA). OPA data showed that from July to August, rats have attacked a total of 703 hectares of rice fields in four localities in the province. OPA head Japhet Masculino on Tuesday said the rodents infested the rice farms in four barangays of San Enrique, 11 barangays of Valladolid, three barangays of Bago City, and four barangays of Cadiz City.
The state made emergency farm loans available starting in late July to those who sustained damage due to cold weather last winter. Farmers in Tehama County had a rough winter earlier this year when a freeze caused severe crop damage

########
Rank: 18
Score: 40.02976
Retrieved Text: Arulraj is one among thousands of people in the North who find it difficult to access safe drinking water as nearly a million people are affected due to the worst drought in the country. They allege that authorities are slow to address their issues, which is affecting their livelihood.
Farmers complain that their paddy-fields are completely destroyed and they are compelled to look for other options, such as petty jobs, to make a living for their families.
There are no solutions in sight for these residents in the islets, and middle-class families are considering moving out.
Mr. Arulraj says that although every Grama Sevaka division was provided with rainwater harvesting tanks under the initiative of the Office for National Unity and Reconciliation, this remains a temporary relief.
The Disaster Management Unit says 1.05 million people in 13 districts are badly affected by the drought. Among the worst affected districts are Trincomalee, Mullaitivu, Jaffna, Anuradhapura, Kurunegala, Vavuniya, and Mannar. The Unit’s deputy director, Pradeep Kodippili, told the Sunday Times that district level disaster management units are involved in relief work.
Mullaitivu residents said the drought has worsened the prevailing poverty. Farmers complain that the Yala season cultivation has been destroyed because tanks and rivers have run dry. The Mullaitivu District Secretariat said at least 115,308 people from 35,730 families have been badly affected. Drinking water and dry rations are provided to residents.
“Out of 136 Grama Sevaka divisions in the district, some 60 divisions are currently being provided with drinking water through tankers. We have asked for more aid, but we are yet

########
Rank: 19
Score: 39.921978
Retrieved Text: The drought plaguing the Tri-Counties and the rest of the state has the agriculture industry on red alert. With 2014 forecast to be the driest year in California history, Gov. Jerry Brown has declared a drought emergency in the state, and the U.S. Department of Agriculture has designated 27 counties in California as primary natural disaster areas, including the tri-county region.
The drought plaguing the Tri-Counties and the rest of the state has the agriculture industry on red alert.
With 2014 forecast to be the driest year in California history, Gov. Jerry Brown has declared a drought emergency in the state, and the U.S. Department of Agriculture has designated 27 counties in California as primary natural disaster areas, including the tri-county region.
Brown’s emergency declaration on Jan. 17 directs state officials to assist farmers and communities that are economically impacted by dry conditions and calls on all Californians to reduce their water usage by 20 percent. The USDA designation announced Jan. 15 allows farmers and ranchers in affected areas to qualify for natural disaster assistance.
Local rainfall totals are dismal, with Santa Barbara County measuring 16 percent of normal for the current water year, which started Sept. 1. San Luis Obispo County is slightly worse off with 15 percent of normal, and Ventura County is reporting a meager 13 percent. Agricultural commodities in the three counties reached a combined value of $4.1 billion in 2012, the last year for which figures are available.
“We are in a very critical situation,” said Royce Larsen, area natural resource watershed adviser for the University

########
Rank: 20
Score: 39.843605
Retrieved Text: Crucial operations for the Kharif paddy cultivation like transplanting and beushaning (blind cultivation) have come to a standstill in Balangir district due to the lack of rainfall since the first week of August. There is a threat of drought here.
Most agricultural lands in the district are upland where paddy is sown by the broadcasting method. Agriculture official sources said that broadcasting of paddy cultivation has been taken up in 1,01,100 hectare of land. However, shortage of rainfall has affected beushaning.
Similarly, in Bahal (low land), transplanting has to be taken up in 77,000 hectares of land, but the absence of rain has affected the operation. The transplanting process has been completed only in 60 per cent of the Bahal land.
A few days ago, Bongomunda and Titilagarh blocks received good rain. However, there has been no rainfall in Patnagarh and Balangir blocks, said an agriculture official. Unless there is rainfall within the next seven days, the crop situation, first of all, in uplands would be really precarious. As such, 30 per cent of upland has not been covered at all, he pointed out.
If the prolonged dry spell continues, it may result in drought, said the agriculture official. As farmers point out, in previous years they used to complete all operations, including transplanting and beushaning by Shravan Purnima as there was hardly any problem of rain. The number of continuous rainy days, locally known as Jhadi Barsha, is absent this year.
There seems to be a drought-like situation. The district administration should prepare contingency plans for this, said president of

########
Rank: 21
Score: 39.782673
Retrieved Text: Nothing illustrates agriculture’s enormous risk like weather. Few businesses can be disrupted by Mother Nature’s whims quite like growing crops and livestock.
In the summer, farmers crane their necks to the sky with the hope of seeing a rain cloud. Few farmers will ever complain about a rain, but clearly, there are times when too much is problematic.
Like now for instance. Throw in some snow like we’ve seen on the Texas High Plains, and you can have a mess. Cotton is still in the fields and will be affected by the rain and snow. Cold, wet weather presents challenges in caring for livestock.
That’s to say nothing of spring thunderstorms that can pound crops into naked stalks with a downpour of hail.
On the bright side, stock tanks and ponds should be near capacity when the dry season starts. The cold winter some predict could kill more crop-devouring pests. The soil moisture profile should be good when the crops need it.
It’s all a gamble. Something farmers and ranchers understand very well.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 39.69801
Retrieved Text: Challenging seasonal conditions during winter and spring have been affirmed after South Australia’s 2018-19 grain harvest fell to an estimated 4.9 million tonnes with harvest now underway. The latest crop and pasture report from Primary Industries and Regions SA (PIRSA), released last week, reflects spring crop performance which was quite varied with several districts in the state experiencing drought. The 4.9 million tonne estimate grown from 3.5 million hectares comes in below South Australia’s long-term average of 7.5 million tonnes. Despite the below average harvest, the farmgate value of the state’s crop is estimated to hold up at $1.7 billion on the back of higher grain and fodder prices this season. In the Fleurieu crops are rapidly maturing and in areas with minimal to no soil moisture, crops are haying-off with little grain formed. There has reportedly been minor frost damage to crops and grain yields will be significantly below average, possibly up to 50 per cent. Livestock are average to below average in condition. Minister for Primary Industries and Regional Development Tim Whetstone said rainfall this growing season was below average across most of the state, with significant areas drought affected. “This year we’re experiencing quite a patchy situation – some areas are experiencing very good seasons while others are experiencing very difficult seasons,” said Minister Whetstone. “Most districts received very much below average rainfall in September. “Several strong winds and some widespread frosts occurred in late September and early October. “The widespread frosts damaged grain crops at their most vulnerable flowering to early grain

########
Rank: 23
Score: 39.44119
Retrieved Text: Africa is a large continent, with forests, grasslands, and deserts. Farmers in Africa grow crops each year to feed their families and animals, hoping that there will be something left over as seed for next season and to sell to other people. If something goes wrong and the fields do not produce enough food, farmers, their families, and other people who depend on them might not have enough to eat.
When little or no rain falls in an area that usually gets rain, crops and pastures there start to wither and die. This is called a drought. In most of North America, plants grow when the weather warms up and the spring rains come. In most of Africa, it is warm all year, and plants begin to grow whenever it rains.
Farming requires four basic things: sunshine, water, soil and seed.
Plants need sunshine to grow. Notice how the rains follow the sun north and south - this is because the warmth from the sun causes water to evaporate. It then forms clouds and eventually rain. So, in the tropics, the sun brings rain. Even if crops are watered from a well or a river, their survival and growth depend ultimately on rain. Rains fall at different times in different parts of Africa, and farmers have learned to plant their crops to match the usual rainfall patterns where they live. The yearly cycle of planting, growing crops and harvesting follows the sun and rains. If crops are poor, people may be hungry for a long time before they can

########
Rank: 24
Score: 39.2496
Retrieved Text: DES MOINES, Iowa - A growing season that began unusually wet and cold in the Midwest is finishing hot and dry, renewing worries of drought and its impact on crops.
Temperatures soared to records in recent days in parts of the region, reaching nearly 100 degrees in some areas. The heat wave struck many farm states - from the Dakotas to Wisconsin, down through Missouri - that have seen too little rain this growing season.
"It's about the worst-case scenario we could have with these high temperatures and the lack of water with soil moisture declining," said Roger Elmore, an agronomy professor at Iowa State University.
A wet, cool spring delayed planting and slowed crop growth - but it also replenished soil moisture in many crop-producing states, causing some of last year's widespread drought to retreat. The rain stopped in July in many of those states, however, and as the soil dried out, the heat set in and stressed corn and soybean crops.
The southeast Iowa city of Burlington, which is surrounded by corn fields, had its wettest spring on record at 19.23 inches of precipitation, nearly 8 inches above normal. Yet it's now on track to have its driest summer on record, with only 3.86 inches so far, 8.41 inches below normal.
Wayne Humphries farms about 1,000 acres about 45 miles north of Burlington at Columbus Junction. He grows corn and soybeans and raises hogs.
He said he delayed planting by about 30 days because of wet fields and now is watching the lower leaves of cornstalks turn brown from lack

########
Rank: 25
Score: 39.215965
Retrieved Text: With the effect of climate change around the globe many countries have been suffering from negative impacts. One of those impacts is droughts. Our country Belize has been known for rainfall which occurs during June to November, that is, the rainy season. It is noted that the transition from dry to the rainy season is very sharp and annual rainfall ranges from 60 inches (1524mm) in the north to 160 inches (4064mm) in the south.
This year however, those statistics will not be as expected causing a severe drought which has triggered millions of dollars in losses in the agriculture sector in the community of Indian Creek in the Orange Walk District, specifically to the corn and soy bean production. Today CTV3 News visited the Indian Creek fields and found out that the drought has indeed affected many farmers and their cultivation. Farmer John Knelsen contemplates on how this drought has been more severe than past years.
Despite the severe and devastating effects of the drought, farmers are not giving up. Instead they are finding alternatives to alleviate the problem. Some who have the available fund have invested in supplementary irrigation. It is an expensive alternative designed for the assistance of irrigating when rain is scarce but one which farmers have to take.
Many other areas of Indian Creek are being heavily affected, and farmers are not only seeking solutions but are also hoping for an external assistance. We will have more on this story in tomorrow’s newscast as we take a look at a fully functional supplementary irrigation

########
Rank: 26
Score: 38.944508
Retrieved Text: When rain keeps on dropping, you can't pick very much cotton. Cotton that gets wet loses its value. And, for Georgia farmers, that's no reason to whistle Dixie.
"We've had over 20 inches of rain since Sept. 25," said Steve Brown, a University of Georgia Extension Service agronomist. "Rain on cotton that's ready to harvest really declines its color, its quality, its grade and makes for considerable losses to Georgia farmers."
Brown estimates those losses to be between $50 million and $100 million just in quality factors alone in the 1997 Georgia crop. The crop has already been damaged by late-summer drought and insects.
Last year, Georgia ranked third in the nation's cotton production, behind Texas and California, bringing in more than 2 million bales from nearly 1.35 million acres harvested.
"Statistics indicate that we still have harvested only about 77 percent of our crop, compared to the more than 90 percent normally harvested at this time," Brown said. "Almost 25 percent of the crop is still in the field and farmers are really pushing to get it out."
Continued rainy weather is halting the harvest.
"A lot of folks are discouraged," Brown said. "Fields are so wet, it's going to take considerable drying before they can get back in and harvest."
Patience has always been the hallmark of prudent farmers, and this year is no different.
"Keep plugging," Brown advised. "When you get days of sunshine that allow you back in the field, try to make the most of it. Get just as much cotton as absolutely possible."
Getting in the field is a

########
Rank: 27
Score: 38.80334
Retrieved Text: SAN FRANCISCO — California’s 2017 harvest wrapped up early this fall following summer heat spurts and a growing season that saw significant rain throughout the state ending a five-year drought. While October wildfires in North Coast wine communities made international headlines, the state’s vineyards and wineries were not significantly affected. Napa, Sonoma and Mendocino counties, the regions most impacted, grow 12 percent of California’s winegrapes, and 90% percent of the harvest in Napa and Sonoma and 85% in Mendocino were already picked and in production at wineries before the fires.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 38.794235
Retrieved Text: Lane Stockbrugger just bought two shiny, new grain bins because he knows he is going to have a lot more canola carryout than usual on his farm near Englefeld, Sask.
That stored canola is worth less than it was a few months ago and many analysts think there is further depreciation ahead.
Canola that began 2019 with a cash price of about $10.50 per bushel is down to about $9.75. Some analysts believe it will be trading in the $9 to $9.50 range by summer.
“I wouldn’t be surprised if we did see prices in that range,” said Stockbrugger, who is chair of the Saskatchewan Canola Development Commission.
He said it is hard to assess what impact $9 canola would have on western Canadian farmers because everybody’s financial situation is different. But generally speaking it wouldn’t be good.
“This is going to be a challenge for farms for sure,” said Stockbrugger.
Saskatchewan Agriculture produces crop planning guides every year detailing the anticipated average revenues and expenses for each crop in the different soil zones.
The 2019 guide has a break-even price of $8.81 per bu. for canola grown in the dark brown soil zone. That is the price where farmers cover all their variable and fixed expenses given an average yield of 50.5 bu. an acre.
Bruce Burnett, director of markets and weather with Glacier’s MarketsFarm, said $9 canola would result in slim margins.
“If you’re not making any money on canola, then where are you making money from?” he said.
If farmers are hovering around the break-even point, achieving good yields is going to be

########
Rank: 29
Score: 38.764465
Retrieved Text: A rule by the Grain Inspection, Packers and Stockyards Administration on 5/3/2017.
The USDA and GIPSA is making a change to the U.S. Standards for Barley under the United States Grain Standards Act (USGSA). They have revised the definitions of other terms to remove Six-rowed Blue Malting Barley and the reference to kernels with white aleurone layers. GIPSA has also revised the barley standards to add the factors injured-by mold and mold-damaged kernels to the subclass Six-rowed Malting barley. The last revision made Two-rowed Malting Barley and Six-rowed Malting barley, and removing those for Six-rowed Blue Malting barley.
All of the above mentioned revisions will take effect on August 1, 2018.
To read more on the revisions, Click Here.
An intense storm developed over the central Plains and moved through the Midwest. This storm brought torrential rains and thunderstorms with wet snow on the back side. Specifically, for the Midwest too much moisture is a common theme. Drought is not an issue in the region. Looking ahead, over the next 5-7 days another storm will impact the Midwest from Missouri into Michigan.
A downpour of rain over the weekend could cost local Illinois farmers with new flood threats.
Four straight days of rain ended up dumping 3 inches of water on Decatur, IL. In the South and East, areas had 4 to 5 inches of rainfall.
Macon County Farm Bureau Executive Vice President Tim Stock said the effect of the flooding won't be known until the water drains off. "We're waiting to see what's been planted and whether or not it's all washed

================



======= Instance Index 305 =========
Input Text: The word "form" has multiple meanings. Does it have the same meaning in sentences 1 and 2? Yes or no?

Sentence 1: By adding "-ness", you can form a noun from an adjective.
Sentence 2: Form cylinders from the dough.

Target Text: No

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 48.939804
Retrieved Text: The other job that morphemes do is derivation, the process that creates new words. In English, one of the most common ways to derive a new word is by adding a derivational affix to a base. The newly-derived word can then serve as a base for another affix.
1. Which of the following best describes the derivation of the word assignment?
Noun + –ment ➔ Verb.
Adjective + –ment ➔ Noun.
Verb + –ment ➔ Noun.
Verb + –ment ➔ Verb.
2. Which of the following best describes the derivation of the word skillful?
Adjective + –ful ➔ Verb.
Adjective + –ful ➔ Adjective.
Verb + –ful ➔ Noun.
Noun + –ful ➔ Adjective.
3. Which of the following best describes the derivation of the word simplify?
Verb + –ify ➔ Verb.
Adjective + –ify ➔ Verb.
Noun + –ify ➔ Adjective.
Adjective + –ify ➔ Noun.
The last unit talked about inflection, which is one of the jobs that morphology can do. The other big job that morphemes have is a derivation. The derivation is the process of creating a new word. The new, derived word is related to the original word, but it has some new component of meaning to it, and often it belongs to a new category.
One of the most common ways that English derives new words is by affixing a derivational morpheme to a base. For example, if we start with a verb that describes an action, like teach and we add the morpheme –er, we derive a morphologically complex noun, teacher, that refers to the person who does the action of teaching. That same -er morpheme

########
Rank: 1
Score: 45.23548
Retrieved Text: Last week I posted a blog about part 3 of the Use of English exam, word formation. As promised, I’ve filled in the gaps with the correct word; there are explanations below this text to help you understand how to form the right word. So now it’s time to find out how well you did.
If you wish to see the original blog please clickhere.
You need to use the word at the end of each line to form a word that fits in the space in the same line. There is an example at the beginning (0). Write your words in the spaces provided.
least 8 out of 10 in this part of the paper.
(0) This adjective changes to an adverb by adding a suffix. ‘ly’ endings are nearly always adverbs. Adverbs can describe adjectives as well as verbs.
(2) This noun also changes to a noun by adding a suffix.
(3) This noun changes to an adjective by adding a suffix.
(4) This verb changes to a plural noun by adding a suffix and an ‘s’.
(5) This verb (which is also a noun) changes to a plural noun by adding a suffix and an ‘s’.
(6) This verb changes to an adjective by adding a suffix.
(7) This verb changes to a noun by adding a suffix.
(8) This verb (which is also a noun) changes to an adjective by adding a suffix.
(9) This verb changes to an adjective by adding a suffix.
(10)This noun changes to a negative adverb by adding a negative prefix and two suffixes.
I hope that you did well and

########
Rank: 2
Score: 39.46557
Retrieved Text: How are adverbs formed from adjectives?
* What is an adverb?
* What is an adjective?
* How are adverbs formed from adjectives?
Adverbs are parts of speech which modify a verb, which is a word denoting an occurrence, event or a state of being. Adverbs can also modify other adverbs or adjectives. While verbs are concerned with actions, occurrences and so forth, adverbs are concerned with expressing manner, place, time or degree. Verbs may tell you what someone was doing, but only adverbs will tell you how well, quickly, or where they were doing it. Let’s find out how adjectives can become adverbs.
An adverb is one of the eight parts of speech.
While adverbs, like adjectives, add color and description to a sentence, they are not indispensable parts of the sentence. It is the case that a sentence cannot be complete without a verb, but complete sentences that don’t have adverbs are plentiful.
Adverbs modify the verb, adverb, or adjective. If you’re ever confused regarding whether a descriptive term is an adjective or an adverb, simply ask yourself whether it’s modifying the noun/noun phrase or the adjective/ verb/ another adverb.
1. The car cornered beautifully.
2. George’s date conversed wittily.
3. The election was corruptly carried out.
From the examples above, you might be tempted to deduce that adverbs always modify verbs and that all adverbs end in ‘ly’.
Though it’s understandable to think this, it is not the case. Let’s consider the sentence: “George laughed very loudly.” What is the word ‘loudly’ modifying? The word ‘laugh’. George is the subject of the sentence, the verb

########
Rank: 3
Score: 39.33999
Retrieved Text: Past participle definition: A past participle is formed from a verb and modifies a noun, noun phrase, verb, or verb phrase. A past participle most often ends in –ed.
What does past participle mean? A past participle is formed from a verb. Because it is used to express actions that have already happened, it takes the past tense form. Most past participles end in -ed.
Past participles can be used to as adjectives. In this way, they modify nouns or noun phrases.
Even though they are acting like adjectives, past participles still look like verbs. Finding their placement in a sentence is key to understanding how they are being used in a sentence.
Sentence: The stormy weather ruined my good mood.
In this sentence, ruined serves as an adjective to modify the noun phrase my good mood.
Sentence: We were careful to avoid the broken glass.
In this sentence, broken serves as an adjective to modify the noun glass.
Past participles can also be used to create past participle phrases which act as adjectives.
In a participle phrase, the participle usually is the first word.
Sentence: Brushed with a comb, the dog’s fur felt smooth.
In this sentence, brushed with a comb serves as an adjective in a participle phrase to modify the dog’s fur.
Sentence: The child had a mind wracked with doubt.
In this sentence, wracked with doubt serves as an adjective in a participle phrase to modify the child’s mind.
The past participle of most regular verbs is formed by adding “-ed” to the end of the base (infinitive) form of the verb.
The past participle of verbs

########
Rank: 4
Score: 38.69233
Retrieved Text: There are several different kinds of words in English, such as NOUNS, VERBS, ADJECTIVES ADVERBS PRONOUNS AND CONNECTIVES, but for the work we are interested in for the FCE, CAE and CPE exams, we can separate these groups into two, NOUNS, VERBS, ADJECTIVES AND ADVERBS, and the rest.
An important part of the exams mentioned needs the student to understand how words in these groups are formed, using prefixes and suffixes, and then how words from one group can be changed into another group.
HAPPY is an adjective, but by replacing the Y with INESS, we get HAPPINESS, which is a noun, and by replacing INESS by ILY, we get HAPPILY, which is an adverb.
- They change the meaning.
- They change the part of speech.
- And they change the spelling.
The words we are studying have three parts, the prefix, the root and the suffix.
A prefix is a short word which goes at the beginning of the word.
Unhappy - UN is the prefix.
A suffix is a short word that goes at the end of the word.
unhappiNESS - NESS is a suffix.
The bit in the middle is the root of the word.
un HAPPY ness - HAPPY is the root of the word.
Prefixes and Suffixes are used for a reason, which is usually to change a word from one part of speech to another.
This is the aspect that is most important for the FCE, where you may be given a NOUN and you need a VERB or an ADJECTIVE.
This is the approach which we will look at in this section.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 38.13766
Retrieved Text: In Gujarati same can be achieved by appending નારો (nAro) to verb, as a masculine adjective.
As this adjective ends with ઓ (o) form of verb will change as per gender.
Refer lesson of adjectives for this.
Sometimes નાર(nAr) is appended to verb and it is used in all genders and multiplicities.
e.g. બોલનાર પુસ્તક (bolanAr pustak), ઉડનાર ચકલી (uDanAr chakalI) etc.
Oblique form of these adjective is created by adding નાર(nAr) to verb. When preposition is added with noun, oblique form of above adjectives are used.
2d) For few verbs past tense is created with suffix ધો(dho),ધી(dhI),ધું(dhuM).
For such verbs suffix for adjective is ધેલો(dhelo).
e.g. To eat -> ખાવું(khAvuM) Its simple past tense is ખાધો(khAdho), ખાધી (khAdhI) etc.
e.g. To drink -> પીવું(pIvuM) Its simple past tense is પીધું(pIdhuM),પીધી(pIdhI) etc.
Similarly you can create adjective for other verbs.
Needless to say, As this adjective ends with ઓ (o) form of verb will change as per gender.
This adjective is many times used instead of regular past perfect tense tense.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 37.884758
Retrieved Text: Adjective endings are usually the least favorite part of learning German, from both the students' and the teacher's viewpoints. I can't make them fun, but I can at least make them a little easier. Yes, they do require some memorization, but there is a logic to them. With some effort, you should be able to put the correct endings on adjectives without having to refer to a massive diagram or chart.
When does an adjective need an ending?
Das Haus ist schön. Das ist ein schönes Haus.
Meine Katze ist alt. Ich habe eine alte Katze.
What ending does it take?
This is of course the hard part. There are many ways to understand and learn adjective endings: if you were to simply memorize a chart, you would need to memorize 48 different possible combinations -- but it would work, if that's what you prefer. (I don't.) Instead, let's try to approach adjective endings from a more logic-oriented framework, with a set of rules.
Keep in mind 1: Something -- either an article (der/ein/dieser/etc.) or the adjective itself -- must show what gender the noun is. For example, der Mann clearly shows that Mann is masculine; ein Mann, on the other hand, does not show this, because ein could also be applied to a neuter noun (ein Kind).
Keep in mind 2: Some articles show that a noun has changed from its original nominative case, others do not. For example, in the sentence "ich sehe einen Mann", einen shows clearly that Mann is no longer in the nominative case. In the sentence "ich

########
Rank: 7
Score: 37.73542
Retrieved Text: *: The prefect grabbed me by the shoulders and steered me down a passageway, and down another and finally through a door that led into a long, low dining-room crowded with loudly breakfasting boys sitting on long, shiny oak forms, as benches used to be called.
*: Those whom form of laws / Condemned to die.
*: Though well we may not pass upon his life / Without the form of justice.
*: Its fair to say she has form on this: she has criticised David Camerons proposal to create all-women shortlists for prospective MPs, tried to ban women wearing high heels at work as the resulting pain made them take time off work, and tried to reduce the point at which an abortion can take place from 24 to 21 weeks.
*: One other day after afternoon school, Mr. Percival came behind me and put his hand on me. "Let me see, whats your name? Which form are you in?nb..."
*: From the sixth form will come the scholars and the administrators.
: ux|en|To apply for the position, complete the application form.
*: The Egyptians therefore in their hieroglyphics expressed a melancholy man by a hare sitting in her form, as being a most timorous and solitary creature.
*: Hares left their snug ‘forms’ in the cold grass.
*: While it is quite amazing how much one can do with Visual Basic with the code attached to a single form, to take full advantage of VB youll need to start using multiple forms and having the code on all the forms in your project

########
Rank: 8
Score: 37.650085
Retrieved Text: Adjectives modify a noun by simply giving more information about the noun's state or possibly location. While it is simple to say that a man has shoes, what state is this man in? Is he happy? Sad? We can therefore use an adjective to describe this man, and in this case we will say that the happy man has shoes. "Happy" here describes man.
Adjectives have the same role in Latin as well. In most Latin sentences written in this dictionary, you will see that the adjective will appear after the noun that it modifies, though since word order doesn't matter it can also proceed the noun. It is important however that the adjective be adjacent to the noun it modifies.
Furthermore, some nouns may have more than one adjective modifying it.
Just as in nouns there were declensions, and in verbs there were conjugations, there are indeed a few type of adjectives. However, there is no need to worry due to the way adjectives form. Latin adjectives since they modify nouns also form similarly to nouns. In fact, you can say that they decline in much the same way because nouns take the same endings as nouns do!
Mainly, there are seven types of nouns. These types are related to certain noun declensions which are shown on the below chart.
For now, we will only concentrate on the First/Second and First/Second R adjectives.
As you may have noticed, for instance in the First/Second adjective section, I listed what appears to be three adjectives that look almost the same. Actually, all three

########
Rank: 9
Score: 37.470234
Retrieved Text: FREE, adjective. Not imprisoned or enslaved.
FREE, adjective. Unconstrained by timidity or distrust; unreserved; frank; communicative.
FREE, adjective. (obsolete) Clear of offence or crime; guiltless; innocent.
FREE, adjective. Thrown open, or made accessible, to all; to be enjoyed without limitations; unrestricted; not obstructed, engrossed, or appropriated; open; said of a thing to be possessed or enjoyed.
FREE, adjective. Not arbitrary or despotic; assuring liberty; defending individual rights against encroachment by any person or class; instituted by a free people; said of a government, institutions, etc.
FREE, adjective. (software) With no or only freedom-preserving limitations on distribution or modification.
FREE, adjective. (software) Intended for release, as opposed to a checked version.
FREE, adjective. Obtainable without any payment.
FREE, adjective. (by extension) (chiefly advertising slang) Obtainable without additional payment, as a bonus given when paying for something else.
FREE, adjective. (mathematics) Unconstrained by relators.
FREE, adjective. (mathematics) (logic) Unconstrained by quantifiers.
FREE, adjective. (programming) Of identifiers, not bound.
FREE, adjective. (of a morpheme) That can be used by itself, unattached to another morpheme.
FREE, adjective. Unobstructed, without blockages.
FREE, adjective. Unattached or uncombined.
FREE, adjective. Not currently in use; not taken; unoccupied.
FREE, adjective. (botany) (mycology) Not attached; loose.
FREE, adjective. Without; not containing (what is specified); exempt; clear; liberated.
FREE, adjective. (dated) Ready; eager; acting without spurring or whipping; spirited.
FREE, adjective. (dated) Invested with a particular freedom or franchise; enjoying certain immunities or privileges; admitted to special rights; followed by of.
FREE, adjective. (UK) (legal) (obsolete) Certain or honourable; the opposite of base.
FREE, adjective. (legal) Privileged or individual; the opposite of common.
FREE, adverb. Without needing to pay.
FREE, adverb. (obsolete) Freely; willingly.
FREE, verb. (transitive) To make free;

########
Rank: 10
Score: 36.942028
Retrieved Text: An absolute adjective is an adjective that is used as a noun. For example, the adjective dead is an absolute adjective. A dead person cannot be ‘deader’ or ‘more dead’ than another dead person. An absolute adjective cannot therefore be used in a comparative sentence as it cannot take a comparative or superlative form.
Absolute adjectives have a meaning that is about the same as superlative, and they therefore cannot be modified by adverbs such as very, extremely or rather. For example, a dead person cannot be very dead or extremely dead.
Absolute adjectives, however, can be intensified with words such as almost, nearly, quite, truly, and utterly.
A truly unique characteristic is the small, stunted trees in the island.
The houses in the remote village retain much of the medieval architecture which makes it quite unique.
Attributive: A unique characteristic is the small, stunted trees in the island.
An adjective complement is a phrase, usually a prepositiional phrase, or a clause, usually a noun clause, that modifies an adjective or provides information to complete the meaning of an adjective phrase. If the complement consists of only one word, it is very likely to be an adjective.
She was worried about her sick dog.
His girlfriend was quite annoyed by his remarks.
Her parents are very happy she is finally married.
Both sides are hopeful that a peaceful solution will be found.
She was only too glad to escape from the conversation.
The residents are getting ready to protest.
An object complement can be an adjective. It follows and modifies the direct object which is a noun or pronoun.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 36.915207
Retrieved Text: Possible methods to recognize many adjectives?
Adjectives are parts of speech. But, it is difficult to point out an adjective based only on its definition.
Adjectives are describing words. They describe or, modify nouns. A modifier should be placed as close as possible to the word it modifies. So, we can recognize an adjective by its proximity to a noun. There are two places where an adjective can be placed. [i] Before a noun, as in: `He is an honest man`. And, [ii] after the verb, as in: `The girl is nice`.
We see that when an adjective comes before a noun it has an article preceding it. So, if we see an article we can guess that there is a noun following and if there is a word, or, words in between the noun and the article, we can guess that they are adjectives. When the adjective follows the verb, the verb, usually, does not show deliberate action, as in: `He looked calm` and `The girl is beautiful` etc.
An adjective also compares two things. When two nouns are being compared the adjective has the suffix `–er` as in ` That boy is taller than his friend` and `This table is smaller than the other`. If the adjective has more than two syllables then it has `more` prefixing it. For example, ` He is more intelligent than his friend`. We can thus recognize the comaprative by these two affixes.
When more than two nouns are being compared then the adjective takes the suffix `-est`, or, the prefix `most`, as in:

########
Rank: 12
Score: 36.858902
Retrieved Text: agitato adjective (a.) Sung or played in a restless, hurried, and spasmodic manner.
avigato noun (n.) See Avocado.
carapato noun (n.) A south American tick of the genus Amblyomma. There are several species, very troublesome to man and beast.
castrato noun (n.) A male person castrated for the purpose of improving his voice for singing; an artificial, or male, soprano.
erato noun (n.) The Muse who presided over lyric and amatory poetry.
fugato noun (n.) A composition resembling a fugue.
adjective (a.) in the gugue style, but not strictly like a fugue.
inamorato noun (n.) A male lover.
legato adjective (a.) Connected; tied; -- a term used when successive tones are to be produced in a closely connected, smoothly gliding manner. It is often indicated by a tie, thus /, /, or /, /, written over or under the notes to be so performed; -- opposed to staccato.
marcato adjective (a.) In a marked emphatic manner; -- used adverbially as a direction.
misurato adjective (a.) Measured; -- a direction to perform a passage in strict or measured time.
nippitato noun (n.) Strong liquor.
obligato adjective (a.) See Obbligato.
potato noun (n.) A plant (Solanum tuberosum) of the Nightshade family, and its esculent farinaceous tuber, of which there are numerous varieties used for food. It is native of South America, but a form of the species is found native as far north as New Mexico.
noun (n.) The sweet potato (see below).
rabato noun (n.) A kind of ruff for the neck; a turned-down collar; a rebato.
rebato noun (n.) Same as Rabato.
rubato adjective (a.) Robbed; borrowed.
sforzato adjective (a.) Forcing or forced; --

########
Rank: 13
Score: 36.367104
Retrieved Text: Three common types of root compounds with examples.
In morphology, a root compound is a compound construction in which the head element is not derived from a verb. Also called a primary compound or an analytic compound. Contrast with synthetic compound.
Root compounds are made up of free morphemes, and the semantic relation between the two elements in a root compound is not inherently restricted.
"Let us call a NN [noun-noun] compound like hairnet or mosquito net, in which the right-hand noun is not derived from a verb and whose interpretation is therefore not precisely predictable on a purely linguistic basis, a primary or root compound. (The term 'root compound' is well established but not particularly appropriate, because primary compounds include many, such as climbing equipment or fitness campaigner, neither of whose components is a root in the sense [discussed earlier in the text]). Let us call a NN compound like hair restorer or slum clearance, in which the first element is interpreted as the object of the verb contained within the second, a secondary or verbal compound. (Yet another term sometimes used is synthetic compound.) Paradoxically, then, although verbs are relatively rare as elements in compounds in English (the swearword pattern is unusual), verbal compounds, in the sense just defined, are common."
"Synthetic compounding is highly productive in English, as is the root compounding of nouns. Noun-adjective (sky-blue), adjective-noun (blackboard), and adjective-adjective (red hot) root compounds are also relatively productive. Root compounds of other categories are harder to form and relatively unproductive (for example, verb-verb compounds such as stir-fry

########
Rank: 14
Score: 36.093693
Retrieved Text: Derivation, which is studied in derivational morphology, could be seen as process of emerging new word by adding affixes on certain stem or basic word. It this general view, derivation is similar to word-formation that affixes might either cause change of word class such as noun to noun, verb into noun, noun to verb, adjective to verb etc. or result to the emergence of new word; semantically or grammatically.
Process of word class changing generally could be viewed on how each affix would function as marker. In derivational morphology, some affixes are introduced in group of noun markers, verb markers, adjective markers, and adverb marker.
In English vocabularies, noun markers are shown in some suffixes like –cy (as in consistency), –ion (as in action), –ty (as in continuity), –ship (as in partnership), –al (as in denial), –er (as in worker), –or (as in corruptor), –ist (as in journalist), –ce (as in confidence), –ing (as in working), –ate (as in decorate), –logy (as in morphology), -0 (as in drum). In addition, noun not only drives from a verb (as in propose–proposal), an adjective (as in sweet–sweetness), but also from noun itself (as in company-companion). However, noun could not drive from any adverb.
Verb markers, similar to noun markers, function to change certain word (word class) into new action word (verb). In English verb markers are like –en (as in lighten), -ize (as in characterize), en– (as in endanger), -0 (as in tie). Verb or action word derives particularly from noun (as in joy-enjoy), adjective (as in modern-modernize), and adverb (as

########
Rank: 15
Score: 36.071907
Retrieved Text: patricianism noun (n.) The rank or character of patricians.
patriciate noun (n.) The patrician class; the aristocracy; also, the office of patriarch.
indicia noun (n. pl.) Discriminating marks; signs; tokens; indications; appearances.
dystocia noun (n.) Difficult delivery pr parturition.
gastromalacia noun (n.) A softening of the coats of the stomach; -- usually a post-morten change.
monoecia noun (n. pl.) A Linnaean class of plants, whose stamens and pistils are in distinct flowers in the same plant.
pistacia noun (n.) The name of a genus of trees, including the tree which bears the pistachio, the Mediterranean mastic tree (Pistacia Lentiscus), and the species (P. Terebinthus) which yields Chian or Cyprus turpentine.
semuncia noun (n.) A Roman coin equivalent to one twenty-fourth part of a Roman pound.
tri/cia noun (n. pl.) The third order of the Linnaean class Polygamia.
valencia noun (n.) A kind of woven fabric for waistcoats, having the weft of wool and the warp of silk or cotton.
patricidal adjective (a.) Of or pertaining to patricide; parricidal.
patricide noun (n.) The murderer of his father.
noun (n.) The crime of one who murders his father. Same as Parricide.
patrial noun (n.) A patrial noun. Thus Romanus, a Roman, and Troas, a woman of Troy, are patrial nouns, or patrials.
adjective (a.) Derived from the name of a country, and designating an inhabitant of the country; gentile; -- said of a noun.
patriarch noun (n.) The father and ruler of a family; one who governs his family or descendants by paternal right; -- usually applied to heads of families in ancient history, especially in Biblical and Jewish history to those who

########
Rank: 16
Score: 36.06512
Retrieved Text: calcarine adjective (a.) Pertaining to, or situated near, the calcar of the brain.
aquamarine noun (n.) A transparent, pale green variety of beryl, used as a gem. See Beryl.
calabarine noun (n.) An alkaloid resembling physostigmine and occurring with it in the calabar bean.
cinnabarine adjective (a.) Pertaining to, or resembling, cinnabar; consisting of cinnabar, or containing it; as, cinnabarine sand.
curarine noun (n.) A deadly alkaloid extracted from the curare poison and from the Strychnos toxifera. It is obtained in crystalline colorless salts.
escharine adjective (a.) Like, or pertaining to, the genus Eschara, or family Escharidae.
estuarine adjective (a.) Pertaining to an estuary; estuary.
fumarine noun (n.) An alkaloid extracted from fumitory, as a white crystalline substance.
gregarine noun (n.) One of the Gregarinae.
adjective (a.) Of or pertaining to the Gregarinae.
larine adjective (a.) Of or pertaining to the Gull family (Laridae).
mazarine noun (n.) Mazarine blue.
noun (n.) A forcemeat entree.
adjective (a.) Of or pertaining to Cardinal Mazarin, prime minister of France, 1643-1661.
margarine noun (n.) Artificial butter; oleomargarine.
narine adjective (a.) Of or belonging to the nostrils.
nectarine noun (n.) A smooth-skinned variety of peach.
nodosarine noun (n.) A foraminifer of the genus Nodosaria or of an allied genus.
adjective (a.) Resembling in form or structure a foraminiferous shell of the genus Nodosaria.
oleomargarine noun (n.) A liquid oil made from animal fats (esp. beef fat) by separating the greater portion of the solid fat or stearin, by crystallization. It is mainly a mixture of olein and palmitin with some little stearin.
noun (n.) An artificial butter made by churning this oil with more or less milk.
ouarine noun (n.) A Brazilian

########
Rank: 17
Score: 35.995556
Retrieved Text: brussels noun (n.) A city of Belgium, giving its name to a kind of carpet, a kind of lace, etc.
cerussite noun (n.) Native lead carbonate; a mineral occurring in colorless, white, or yellowish transparent crystals, with an adamantine, also massive and compact.
ferriprussiate noun (n.) A ferricyanate; a ferricyanide.
ferroprussiate noun (n.) A ferrocyanate; a ferocyanide.
nitroprussic adjective (a.) Pertaining to, derived from, or designating, a complex acid called nitroprussic acid, obtained indirectly by the action of nitric acid on potassium ferrocyanide (yellow prussiate), as a red crystalline unstable substance. It forms salts called nitroprussides, which give a rich purple color with alkaline subphides.
nitroprusside noun (n.) See Nitroprussic.
prussian noun (n.) A native or inhabitant of Prussia.
adjective (a.) Of or pertaining to Prussia.
prussiate noun (n.) A salt of prussic acid; a cyanide.
prussic adjective (a.) designating the acid now called hydrocyanic acid, but formerly called prussic acid, because Prussian blue is derived from it or its compounds. See Hydrocyanic.
russ noun (n. sing. & pl.) A Russian, or the Russians.
noun (n. sing. & pl.) The language of the Russians.
adjective (a.) Of or pertaining to the Russians.
russet noun (n.) A russet color; a pigment of a russet color.
noun (n.) Cloth or clothing of a russet color.
noun (n.) A country dress; -- so called because often of a russet color.
noun (n.) An apple, or a pear, of a russet color; as, the English russet, and the Roxbury russet.
adjective (a.) Of a reddish brown color, or (by some called) a red gray; of the color composed of blue, red, and yellow in equal strength, but

########
Rank: 18
Score: 35.62458
Retrieved Text: Adjectives are the third major class of words in English, after nouns and verbs. Adjectives are words expressing properties of objects (e.g. large, blue, simple, clever, economic, progressive, productive, etc) and, hence, qualifying nouns.
Adjectives in English do not change for number or case. The only grammatical category they have is the degrees of comparison. They are also characterized by functions in the sentence.
Most one-syllable adjectives, and most two-syllable adjectives ending in -y, -ow, -er, or consonant +-le , with loud stress on the first syllable and weak stress on the second, form their comparative and superlative by the addition of the suffixes -er and -est.
In a very few cases, English permits a choice between the two devices: commoner / more common, commonest / the most common. Ordinary, when one form is prescribed by the rules, the other is forbidden.
There are some adjectives that, on account of their meaning, do not admit of comparison at all, e.g. perfect, unique, full, empty, square, round, wooden, daily, upper, major, outer, whole, only and some others.
My mother was the proudest of women, and she was vain, but in the end she had an eye for truth.
He had the consolation of noting that his friend was less sluggish than before.
e.g. There seem to be a change for the better in your uncle. He had a very hearty dinner yesterday.
e.g. It did not take him long to make up his mind. None the less she showed her scorn for his hesitation.
If we wish to refer to a particular group of persons (not

########
Rank: 19
Score: 35.44782
Retrieved Text: myna noun (n.) Any one of numerous species of Asiatic starlings of the genera Acridotheres, Sturnopastor, Sturnia, Gracula, and allied genera. In habits they resemble the European starlings, and like them are often caged and taught to talk. See Hill myna, under Hill, and Mino bird.
chylaceous adjective (a.) Possessed of the properties of chyle; consisting of chyle.
chylaqueous adjective (a.) Consisting of chyle much diluted with water; -- said of a liquid which forms the circulating fluid of some inferior animals.
chyle noun (n.) A milky fluid containing the fatty matter of the food in a state of emulsion, or fine mechanical division; formed from chyme by the action of the intestinal juices. It is absorbed by the lacteals, and conveyed into the blood by the thoracic duct.
chylifaction noun (n.) The act or process by which chyle is formed from food in animal bodies; chylification, -- a digestive process.
chylifactive adjective (a.) Producing, or converting into, chyle; having the power to form chyle.
chyliferous adjective (a.) Transmitting or conveying chyle; as, chyliferous vessels.
chylification noun (n.) The formation of chyle. See Chylifaction.
chylopoetic adjective (a.) Concerned in the formation of chyle; as, the chylopoetic organs.
chylous adjective (a.) Consisting of, or similar to, chyle.
chyluria noun (n.) A morbid condition in which the urine contains chyle or fatty matter, giving it a milky appearance.
chyme noun (n.) The pulpy mass of semi-digested food in the small intestines just after its passage from the stomach. It is separated in the intestines into chyle and excrement. See Chyle.
chymiferous adjective (a.) Bearing or containing chyme.
chymification noun (n.) The

########
Rank: 20
Score: 35.325745
Retrieved Text: catling noun (n.) A little cat; a kitten.
noun (n.) Catgut; a catgut string.
noun (n.) A double-edged, sharp-pointed dismembering knife.
catlinite noun (n.) A red clay from the Upper Missouri region, used by the Indians for their pipes.
cat noun (n.) An animal of various species of the genera Felis and Lynx. The domestic cat is Felis domestica. The European wild cat (Felis catus) is much larger than the domestic cat. In the United States the name wild cat is commonly applied to the bay lynx (Lynx rufus) See Wild cat, and Tiger cat.
noun (n.) A strong vessel with a narrow stern, projecting quarters, and deep waist. It is employed in the coal and timber trade.
noun (n.) A strong tackle used to draw an anchor up to the cathead of a ship.
noun (n.) A double tripod (for holding a plate, etc.), having six feet, of which three rest on the ground, in whatever position in is placed.
noun (n.) An old game; (a) The game of tipcat and the implement with which it is played. See Tipcat. (c) A game of ball, called, according to the number of batters, one old cat, two old cat, etc.
noun (n.) A cat o' nine tails. See below.
verb (v. t.) To bring to the cathead; as, to cat an anchor. See Anchor.
catabaptist noun (n.) One who opposes baptism, especially of infants.
catabasion noun (n.) A vault under altar of a Greek church.
catabiotic adjective (a.) See under Force.
catacaustic noun (n.) A caustic curve formed by reflection of light.
adjective (a.) Relating to, or having the properties of,

########
Rank: 21
Score: 35.259113
Retrieved Text: Bengali Word -ইEnglish definition(suffix) denoting 1 certainty: আমি যাবই যাব, go I must. 2 emphasis: তুমিই এ কাজ করেছ, it is you who have done it. 3 singularity: ধনীরাই সুখী, The rich alone are happy. 4 slight/contempt: সে যা-ই বলুক তাতে কিছু আসে যায় না, no matter whatever he says. 5 excess/abundance: যতই করিবে দান তত যাবে বেড়ে, the more you will give it, the more will it increase. 6 a condition/ stipulation/ qualification: যদি সে আসেই, if he comes at all. 7 the motivating force of an act: এতে করেই তো ঝগড়াটা বেঁধে গেল, this is exactly what led to the quarrel.
Bengali Word -ইন্দ্রEnglish definition(suffix) denoting chief; king or sovereign (নর+ইন্দ্র=নরেন্দ্র, বীর+ইন্দ্র=বীরেন্দ্র).
Bengali Word -ইয়াEnglish definitionBengali inflexion: হলুদ+ইয়া=হলুদিয়া, yellowish.
Bengali Word ইEnglish definition(noun) third vowel of the Bengali alphabet. it is a short vowel and is equivalent to English ‘i' in ‘bit'. Added to a consonant letter, it changes its form to ‘ি’, eg ক + ই = কি.
Bengali Word ইঁচাEnglish definition(noun) the prawn or the shrimp: ইঁচা মাছ.
Bengali Word ইঁচড়, ইচড়English definition(noun) green or unripe jackfruit (cooked as food). ইঁচড়ে-পাকা (adjective) 1 prematurely clever; precocious. 2 (figurative) talkative; saucy; impudent.
Bengali Word ইঁদারা, ইন্দারাEnglish definition(noun) masonry-well; draw-well.
Bengali Word ইঁদুর, ইন্দুরEnglish definition(noun) the rat; the mouse.
Bengali Word ইংরেজEnglish definition[Portuguese] (noun) native of England; an Englishman. ইংরেজ জাতি (noun) the English.
Bengali Word ইংরেজিEnglish definition(noun) the English language; English. ইংরেজিনবিশ (noun), (adjective) one who can read and write English. ইংরেজিয়ানা (noun) blind imitation of the Englishmen; Anglomania.
Bengali Word ইংরেজি ২English definition(adjective) 1 pertaining to the English. 2 produced in England:

########
Rank: 22
Score: 35.25794
Retrieved Text: Translation:No, this is not possible.
I'll explain what I can!
-hat / -het is a suffix that makes what you could call a "verb of possibility." Írhat = "can write", hívhat "can call", énekelhet "can sing" and so on. This generally has to do with physical, logical, or logistical possibily; it's not about knowing how and it's not about permission or being allowed to do something.
Some common verbs have slightly irregular -hat / -het forms that come from their slightly irregular infinitives. Among those are ehet "can eat", ihat "can drink"; mehet "can go" from the infinitives enni, inni, and menni respectively.
And lenni (to be) gives us lehet. So lehet is a verb meaning "can be" or "is possible."
The endings -hatatlan / -hetetlen added to verbs form adjectives that describe the impossibility of doing something. They often translate into "in-...-able" or "un-...-able" words in English.
...so lenni gives us lehetetlen - "un - be - able" or "impossible", more or less directly from the verb.
The verb also gives rise to the abstract noun lehetőség which means "possibility." (Érdekes lehetőséget látok itt - I see an interesting possibility here.) There's an intermediate step involving the adjective lehető which I think is not so common except in a certain construction, but -ság / ség need to go on an adjective.
Anyway a noun with the +s ending that I mentioned a few times in the birthday song lyrics the other day gives rise to an adjective. So lehetőség + -s (basically) gives us lehetséges the adjective "possibility-ish" or in normal English, possible.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 34.999172
Retrieved Text: CRESCENT, noun. The figure of the moon as it appears in its first or last quarter, with concave and convex edges terminating in points.
CRESCENT, noun. A curved pastry.
CRESCENT, noun. A curved street, often presenting a continuous façade, as of row houses.
CRESCENT, noun. (NZ) A crescent spanner.
CRESCENT, noun. (historical) Any of three orders of knighthood conferred upon foreigners to whom Turkey might be indebted for valuable services.
CRESCENT, noun. (heraldiccharge) The emblem of the waxing Moon with horns directed upward, when used in a coat of arms; often used as a mark of cadency to distinguish a second son and his descendants.
CRESCENT, noun. A crescentspot butterfly.
CRESCENT, adjective. (dated) (rare) marked by an increase; waxing, like the Moon.
CRESCENT, adjective. Shaped like a crescent.
CRESCENT, verb. (transitive) To form into a crescent, or something resembling a crescent.
CRESCENT, verb. (transitive) To adorn with crescents.
CRESCENT FRESH, adjective. (US) (slang) Very fresh.
CRESCENT ROLL, noun. (North America) a croissant.
CRESCENT SPANNER, noun. (AU) (NZ) An adjustable hand tool for tightening and loosening nuts and bolts.
CRESCENT, noun. Any shape resembling the curved shape of the moon in its first or last quarters.
CRESCENT, adjective. Resembling the new moon in shape.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 34.95455
Retrieved Text: Grammar [ˈɡræm.ɚ] – the rules about how words change their form and combine with other words to make sentences.
Grammatical [ɡrəˈmæt.ɪ.kəl] – relating to grammar or obeying the rules of grammar: a grammatical (= grammatically correct) sentence.
Morphology [mɔːˈfɒl.ə.dʒi] – grammatical classes and groups of words, their grammatical categories and systems of forms (paradigms) in which these categories actually exist.
Morphological [ˌmɔː.fəˈlɒdʒ.ɪ.kəl] – relating to the study of the form of words and phrases.
Syntax [ˈsɪn.tæks] – the set of rules, principles, and processes that govern the structure of sentences in a given language, usually including word order.
Syntactic [sɪnˈtæk.tɪk] – relating to the grammatical arrangement of words in a sentence.
Semantics [sɪˈmæn.tɪks] – the study of meanings in a language: Syntax describes the rules by which words can be combined into sentences, while semantics describes what they mean.
Semantic [sɪˈmæn.tɪks] – connected with the meanings of words.
Grammatical category [grəˈmætɪkəl] [ˈkætɪgəri] – a unit of grammar based on a morphological opposition of grammatical meaning presented in grammatical forms.
Grammatical meaning [grəˈmætɪkəl] [ˈmiːnɪŋ] – the meaning conveyed in a sentence by word order and other grammatical signals.
Categorial meaning [ˌkætɪˈgɒrɪəl] [ˈmiːnɪŋ] – process presented as being developed in time and being embedded in the semantics of all verbs.
Form [fɔːm] – the sum total of all formal means constantly employed to render this or that grammatical meaning. Grammatical forms divided into synthetic, analytical and suppletive forms.
Grammatical function [grəˈmætɪkəl] [ˈfʌnŋkʃən] – the syntactic role played by a word or phrase in the context of a particular clause, or sentence. Sometimes called simply function.
Opposition [ˌɒpəˈzɪʃən] – a generalized correlation

########
Rank: 25
Score: 34.940975
Retrieved Text: Bengali Word অ ১English definition(noun) the written form of the first vowel sound and 1st letter of the Bengali alphabet. Unlike other vowels অ has no shortened sign (like া ি ী). অ-আ, অ-আ-ক-খ (noun(s)) 1 the letters of the Bengali alphabet. 2 elementary knowledge; the rudiments of learning; ABC: ব্যাকরণের অ-আ-ক-খ.
Bengali Word অ ২English definition(prefix) used before (noun(s)), (adjective(s)) and (adverb(s)), it indicates negation, absence, want, shortage, contrariety, and hostility (eg অবাঙালি, অকারণ, অযত্ন, অপরিণত, অঘাট, অধর্ম) and is equivalent to various negative prefixes in English, ie, non-, un-, il-, im-, in-, ir-, dis-, mis-, etc; when prefixed by a word beginning with a vowel, অ is replaced by অন, eg অ+অভিজ্ঞ = অনভিজ্ঞ, অ + ঐক্য=অনৈক্য, অ+ঊর্বর = অনূর্বর, etc.
Bengali Word অংশEnglish definition(noun) 1 portion or piece of a whole; a section; a constituent or organic part: দেহের অর্ধাংশ (অর্ধ+অংশ); যন্ত্রের অংশ (যন্ত্রাংশ); শহরের পশ্চিমাংশ (পশ্চিম+অংশ); সমাজের বুদ্ধিজীবী অংশ, the intellectual section of the society. 2 an incomplete portion; a fragment or decimal fraction: ভগ্নাংশ (ভগ্ন+অংশ) (1/5, 0.20). 3 a region or geographical division: পার্বত্য অংশ. 4 a share or allotment: সম্পত্তির অংশ, কারবারের অংশ. 5 (geography) 1/360th part of the earth’s circumference; a degree: অক্ষের অংশ (অক্ষাংশ). 6 (astrology) 1/12th part or one of the 12 signs of the zodiac: রাশিচক্রের অংশ (রাশি). 7 begetting power of male deities: অবতার দেবতার অংশে জাত, an Avatara is begotten/born of a god. 8 incarnation or personation: বিষ্ণুর অংশ রূপে ধরাধামে আবির্ভূত, incarnation of Vishnu on earth. 9 point(s) of consideration; any aspect(s) of something: কোনো

########
Rank: 26
Score: 34.92445
Retrieved Text: 'Es un coche de rojo.' What do these Spanish words mean in English?
This Spanish Easy Review comprehension quiz challenges you on putting nouns and adjectives together. Around this point of learning Spanish many people feel that they know a lot of words but they don’t know what to do with them. Part of the process of knowing what to do with words is understanding how words relate to each other. This process is also true in English. As you may recall from your English lessons, a noun is a person, place or thing and an adjective is a word that describes, identifies or further defines a noun or a pronoun. For example, let’s look at a car. The car is the noun as it is a thing. Now let’s say it’s a red car.
Red is an adjective as it describes the car. In English, the adjective will often come before the noun but not always. For example, you could say, “His car is red.” In this case, the adjective comes after the noun. In Spanish, however, the adjective will always come after the noun.
Looking at the example above, in Spanish, 'red car' would be written as either 'coche de rojo' or 'coche rojo' (car of red). It would never be written as 'rojo coche'. If you look at the Spanish Easy Review quiz titled The Role of the Word 'Of' it will explain the importance of the word 'de' (of) when linking a noun to an adjective. In that quiz it only linked colors with a

########
Rank: 27
Score: 34.797176
Retrieved Text: An adverb is a word that modifies a verb, adjective, determiner, clause, preposition, or sentence. Adverbs typically express manner, place, time, frequency, degree, level of certainty, etc., answering questions such as how?, in what way?, when?, where?, and to what extent?. This function is called the adverbial function, and may be realized by single words (adverbs) or by multi-word expressions (adverbial phrases and adverbial clauses).
When the function of an adverb is performed by an expression consisting of more than one word, it is called an adverbial phrase or adverbial clause, or simply an adverbial.
In English, adverbs of manner (answering the question how?) are often formed by adding -ly to adjectives. Other languages often have similar methods for deriving adverbs from adjectives (French, for example, uses the suffix -ment), or else use the same form for both adjectives and adverbs, as in German and Dutch where for example schnell or snel, respectively, can mean either "quick" or "quickly", depending on the context. Many other adverbs, however, are not related to adjectives in this way; they may be derived from other words or phrases, or may be single morphemes. Examples of such adverbs in English include here, there, together, yesterday, aboard, very, almost, etc.
Where the meaning permits, adverbs may undergo comparison, taking comparative and superlative forms. In English this is usually done by adding more and most before the adverb (more slowly, most slowly), although there are a few adverbs that take inflected forms, such as well, for which better and best are used.
For more information about the

########
Rank: 28
Score: 34.70669
Retrieved Text: Most students learn that adjectives are words that modify (describe) nouns. Adjectives do not modify verbs or adverbs or other adjectives.
In the context of this sentence, homeless is functioning as a noun. It can be hard to wrap your head around this if you think of adjectives and nouns only as particular classes of words. But the terms “adjective” and “noun” aren’t just about a word’s form—they’re also about its function.
We’ll end with a few words about adjectives and style. It’s one thing to know how to use an adjective; it’s another to know when using one is a good idea. Good writing is precise and concise. Sometimes, you need an adjective to convey exactly what you mean. It’s hard to describe a red sports car without the word “red.” But, often, choosing the right noun eliminates the need to tack on an adjective. Is it a big house, or is it a mansion? A large crowd, or a throng? A mixed-breed dog, or a mutt? A dark night, or just . . . night? Always remember to make every word count in your writing. If you need an adjective, use it. But if it’s not pulling its weight, delete it. Careful editing is the best way to avoid the dreaded (and yecchy) adjective soup.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 34.66932
Retrieved Text: The Irish Study Card 2 displays nouns and adjectives as well as pronouns. Understanding what they are in the English language, will make it easier for you to understand the peculiar changes that happen in the Irish language. For more information about the definition of these grammar points, check this section: Glossary.
The Irish Card part 2 displays 25 independent tables with grammar content. The colours green and orange are used in the same way as in your Irish card Part 1. They help you identify when séimhiú or urú takes place.
The 3 main shades of colours used for pronouns and verbs in Part 1, are used in tá__ ag, tá__ ar tables and in the Prepositional Pronouns. Each colour indicates the word needed for each person. Remember that the light and dark shade represent the singular and plural pronouns respectively.
With your card in hand, go through this section to find the explanations on the content of your Irish Study Card part 2. Or skip to the name of the table you wish to expand your information on.
This section is intended to be a general explanation on grammar created for you to understand the layout of your card in order to take full advantage of it. By no means should this section be considered a course on its own. While it is possible to group certain rules, Irish has many exceptions, which are not contained in this section.
To say to have in Irish, you need to use tá and the preposition ag. You need to use the

================



======= Instance Index 9 =========
Input Text: The word "home" has multiple meanings. Does it have the same meaning in sentences 1 and 2? Yes or no?

Sentence 1: Canadian tariffs enabled United States lumber companies to raise prices at home.
Sentence 2: His home is New Jersey.

Target Text: Yes

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 48.760464
Retrieved Text: MONTREAL, June 20, 2017 /CNW Telbec/ - The antidumping duties on Canadian softwood lumber that will be announced Friday by the United States, which could be as high as 10%, will once again penalize Canadian workers and American consumers, according to calculations carried out by the MEI.
Added to countervailing duties of around 20% imposed by the United States in April 2017, this new protectionist measure could reduce Canadian producers' market share. This share was just 27% one month after the imposition of the tariffs, whereas it averaged 32% in 2016. This drop in market share represents monthly losses of $102 million across Canada, including $66 million in British Columbia and $16 million in Quebec.
"The tariffs are already having negative effects, but it is still too soon to evaluate these effects over the long term since there is much uncertainty in the market, with each player pursuing its own strategy," explains Alexandre Moreau, Public Policy Analyst at the MEI. "For the moment, the weakness of the Canadian dollar, the strong demand on the American side, and high prices are allowing Canadian producers to partially absorb the effect of the tariffs."
American consumers, for their part, have certainly felt the effects of this uncertainty. Between January and May 2017, the price of softwood lumber increased by 17% due to speculation and the imposition of tariffs on Canadian softwood lumber. It now costs American consumers an additional US$2,400 for the construction of a single-family home in the United States.
"We all lose with protectionism," adds Mr. Moreau. "Only a small group

########
Rank: 1
Score: 48.26827
Retrieved Text: The United States rekindled an old trade conflict with Canada when it announced Monday that it was slapping new tariffs on Canadian softwood lumber imports.
The US Commerce Department said it had reached a “preliminary determination” that Canada is improperly subsidizing softwood lumber exports to the United States. Softwood lumber is used mainly for home building.
The Commerce Department said that, after talks failed to reach an agreement, it would impose “countervailing duties” of between three and 24 percent.
Furthermore, “certain companies will be subject to the retroactive collection of cash deposits” for up to 90 days.
Officials in Canada, the second most important US trade partner, rejected claims of subsidies.
The US Commerce Department said that in 2016 softwood lumber imports from Canada were valued at $5.66 billion.
Canada “will vigorously defend the interests of the Canadian softwood lumber industry, including through litigation,” it said, adding that it has prevailed in international tribunals on the issue since 1983.
The softwood lumber dispute between Washington and Ottawa has seen many twists and turns for nearly 35 years, with US producers accusing their Canadian counterparts of exporting lumber at subsidized prices.
Canada, the United States and Mexico are part of the North American Free Trade Agreement. However, Canadian softwood exports are regulated under a bilateral agreement reached in 2006, which expired in 2015.
President Donald Trump, who took office in January, spent much of his campaign blasting the NAFTA agreement and stating that he would renegotiate it to get a better deal.
Trump’s campaign attacks focused mainly on Mexico, but recently he has focused on Canada, especially

########
Rank: 2
Score: 46.324844
Retrieved Text: You are here: Home / Money / Business / U.S. vs Canada vs Politics Of Trade Tariffs.
U.S. vs Canada vs Politics Of Trade Tariffs.
(ThyBlackMan.com) The Canadian government, lining the pockets of its dairy producers, imposes high tariffs on American dairy imports. That forces Canadians to pay higher prices for dairy products. For example, Canadians pay $5.24 for a 10.5-ounce block of cheddar. In Washington, D.C., that same amount of cheddar sells for $3.64. Canadians pay $3.99 for a 1-pound container of yogurt. In Washington, D.C., you can get nearly twice as much yogurt for a little over $4. It’s clear that the Canadian government’s tariffs screw its citizens by forcing them to pay higher prices for dairy products.
What should the U.S. response be to Canada’s screwing its citizens? If you were in the Trump administration, you might propose imposing tariffs on soft wood products that Americans import from Canada — in other words, retaliate against Canada by screwing American citizens. Canadian lumber — such as that from pine, spruce and fir trees — is used in U.S. homebuilding. Guess what tariffs on Canadian lumber do to home prices. If you answered that they raise the cost and American homebuyers are forced to pay higher prices, go to the head of the class.
The ruse used to promote producer interests through tariff policy is concern about our large trade deficit. It’s true that we have a large current account trade deficit. However, that’s matched exactly by a very large capital account surplus. Translated, that means Americans buy more

########
Rank: 3
Score: 46.150574
Retrieved Text: The Editorial Board, NY Times: The North American Free Trade Agreement is a nearly 25-year-old agreement that needs to be modernized to address new technologies, update intellectual property rights and protect American industry and workers from unfair competition. Instead, President Trump has proposed replacing Nafta with something worse, a vague agreement that could hurt American workers and raise prices for American consumers while antagonizing America’s neighbors.
Under the revised, don’t-call-it-Nafta bilateral deal with Mexico that he awkwardly announced last week, 75 percent of the value of vehicles exported to the United States would have to come from North American-made parts, up from the current 62.5 percent. And 40-to-45 percent of the value would have to be made by workers who earn at least $16 an hour, even though no Mexican autoworkers earn $16 an hour, and none will. Otherwise, Mexican-assembled vehicles would be subject to a 2.5 percent tariff.
The logic here is that auto-related jobs would supposedly flood back to the United States as labor costs rise in Mexico. That logic is dubious. Automakers in Mexico would rather pay the 2.5 percent tariff, figuring it would not raise prices enough to hurt sales seriously. If it did, they could stop making those cars for the American market.
Mr. Trump has particular animus for the dairy industry in Canada. There’s no question that protectionist constraints keep milk prices there high and farmers profitable. The Canadians have pointed to subsidies that American farmers get and are resisting Mr. Trump’s no-compromise demand to throw their cows under the bus. Mr. Trump

########
Rank: 4
Score: 45.88809
Retrieved Text: Canadian softwood lumber producers are getting a temporary reprieve as a large portion of preliminary duties in place for four months have ended pending a final decision.
Most lumber companies will pay 6.87 per cent in anti-dumping tariffs after a 19.88 rate for countervailing duties formally ended as of Saturday.
Five producers singled out have paid duties between 9.89 and 30.88 per cent. All others paid 26.75 per cent.
U.S. Secretary of Commerce Wilbur Ross announced late Monday that the Department of Commerce postponed the final determinations in the anti-dumping duty and countervailing duty investigations of imports of softwood lumber from Canada until no later than Nov. 14.
"I remain hopeful that we can reach a negotiated solution that satisfies the concerns of all parties," Ross said in a statement. "This extension could provide the time needed to address the complex issues at hand and to reach an equitable and durable suspension agreement."
Although countervailing duties formally came off in recent days, Canadian producers have been able to ship products south of the border without CVDs since Aug. 14 by delaying paperwork by up to 10 days, says lumber analyst Hamir Patel of CIBC World Markets.
Quebec Premier Philippe Couillard said Monday that higher lumber prices have raised prices for American consumers buying new homes and hurt U.S., not Canadian, workers.
"It will become more and more apparent that the most threatened jobs by these policies are not Canadian but American jobs in several states, notably in the construction sector," he told reporters after a meeting in Charlottetown between eastern Canadian premiers and

########
Rank: 5
Score: 44.90625
Retrieved Text: As former senators representing Montana and New Hampshire, both of which border Canada, we experienced firsthand the value in a close relationship with America’s northern neighbor as a friend, strategic ally and trading partner.
While the U.S. and Canada have had policy disagreements about nuanced issues, our strong relationship means that, generally, we work them out. This includes one of today’s most talked about topics: free trade. To work appropriately, free trade must also be fair trade. Otherwise, one side of the trading partnership loses drastically.
There is a very fine line between fair and unfair trade, and finding a balance between the two can take some work. For example, Canada’s domestic policy is to subsidize its lumber producers, thus they produce softwood lumber materials below market prices.
This becomes problematic when Canada exports its lumber to the global market, as it can leverage government subsidies to sell its lumber cheaper than other countries (like the United States), that instead rely on prevailing market rates to price their goods. This is simply unfair and gives Canada an artificial advantage over other producers.
To be clear, we are not advocating for special privileges or advantages for American companies. We firmly believe trade policy should exist to ensure that all parties — domestic and international — are competing on a level playing field. This fosters an economic system where companies thrive because of their own ingenuity, efficiency and skill.
In the case of softwood lumber, Canadian federal and provincial governments subsidize their lumber operations, sheltering producers from market lows and giving advantages during

########
Rank: 6
Score: 44.114063
Retrieved Text: A worker transfers steel cables at a steel factory in Qingdao in east China's Shandong province. The Trump administration on Monday, July 16, brought cases against China, the European Union, Canada, Mexico and Turkey at the World Trade Organization for retaliating against American tariffs on imported steel and aluminum.
At first blush, President Donald Trump’s escalating trade war with major Colorado trading partners such as Canada, China, the European Union and Mexico would not appear to have too much impact on a resort area such as Eagle County, with very little agriculture or manufacturing.
After all, we’re not growing a lot of corn in Gypsum or building a lot of cars in Eagle.
But expert observers say the interconnected nature of the global economy means Eagle County is already seeing a spike in the cost of goods ranging from lumber, steel and aluminum in construction to tech products to food in local grocery stores and restaurants.
Chris Romer, president and CEO of the local Vail Valley Partnership chamber of commerce, echoed the sentiments of the national chamber.
“Retaliatory tariffs imposed by other countries on U.S. exports will make American-made goods more expensive, resulting in lost sales and, ultimately, lost jobs here,” Romer said. “Tariffs are simply a fear-based response to an age-old problem.
Trump has already imposed a 25 percent tariff on $34 billion in Chinese goods, which prompted retaliation on an equal amount of American goods by China. In an effort to reduce the $375 billion trade deficit with China, the United States is now considering tariffs on an additional $200

########
Rank: 7
Score: 43.100903
Retrieved Text: Why spend $1 for 65¢ worth of material?
You pay No state sales tax, you pay No US Import duties of 31%, and you receive a Currency Exchange Credit... which all together, saves you thousands of dollars!"
All our homes use "panelized," pre-built wall panels, stairs and a pre-cut roofing system which cuts building time and saves thousands in labor and building costs.
The best lumber comes from Canada, at the best price. But big local lumber yards like "Lowes" and "Home Depot" pay 31% more to import Canadian lumber.
The result: This costs you thousands more for lumber, labor and higher building costs!
Reprint Courtesy, "The Washington Post"
As US lumber prices continue to rise, US companies offering building materials packages from Canada can save consumers thousands of dollars when it's time to build.
Under "NAFTA," the North American Free Trade Agreement, US companies with mills and suppliers in Canada can ship top-quality lumber, plywood and other building materials at prices up to 38% less than the prices charged by your local lumber store or building center.
Here's why: To protect the large US lumber producers, the US government charges 31% in duties and import fees on all Canadian lumber, plywood and building materials. But for US companies operating under NAFTA, there are no tariffs and no import fees. And no state sales tax.
Canada has long been recognized for high quality lumber and plywood... the main building components in every home.
With interest rates near record lows, saving thousands in building costs can be another incentive for customers to build the home or vacation

########
Rank: 8
Score: 41.79792
Retrieved Text: The U.S. has slapped duties on lumber imports from Canada—yet again. These duties average almost 20 per cent. Worse, the duties apply retroactively from January 28 to April 27. This is likely to hurt the profitability of some Canadian lumber producers.
We last published our Canadian forestry stocks survey in November, 2016. At that time, we wrote: “In 2017 . . . we expect forestry stocks to face challenges. One is growing protectionist sentiment in the U.S.” Indeed, the U.S. is imposing duties averaging almost 20 per cent on imports of Canadian lumber.
It’s possible that some American companies will protest against these duties. Home builders, for instance, will face substantially higher costs for their lumber. Home-improvement chains such as The Home Depot and Lowe’s Companies sell lumber to consumers. Significantly higher prices is likely to reduce their profit margins and demand for lumber.
Then again, the American, Canadian, Japanese, Chinese and some European economies continue to grow—albeit more slowly than before the financial crisis of 2008.
Canada’s trade agreement with the European Union could open up new opportunities for Canadian forestry producers.
Until this trade agreement gains traction, the U.S., China and Japan are likely to remain Canada’s top markets for exports of forestry products.
Western Forest Products (TSX—WEF) says China and Japan are its “key markets”. That’s likely why it’s doing relatively well. The company says Chinese urbanization has created a need to build 20 million new homes a year. Pacific Rim demand for lumber may rise since wood homes are safer than concrete buildings during Asian earthquakes.
Policy makers worldwide

########
Rank: 9
Score: 41.759876
Retrieved Text: President Donald Trump imposed a tariff on importing Canadian softwood lumber. Tariffs between 3 and 24.1 percent are to be imposed on five Canadian lumber companies: West Fraser Mills, Tolko Marketing and Sales, J.D. Irving, Canfor Corporation and Resolute FP Canada.
The lumber tariff originates from suspicions that Canadian lumber companies have been receiving unfair subsidies from their government since the 1980s. The hope is to offset this advantage with tariffs to make US lumber companies competitive.
Canadian lumber firms and government officials have criticized this decision, which could cost Canadian firms thousands of jobs. Resolute FP denied receiving any subsidies, calling the allegations "baseless and unfounded."
The move that sparked Trump's action stemmed from US and Canadian talks about dairy tariffs. US milk exports can face tariffs as high as 292%, according to Canada's Agriculture Department. These tariffs may change once renegotiations of NAFTA begin.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 41.572006
Retrieved Text: (MENAFN - AFP) Canada announced Monday it will appeal the World Trade Organization's approval of a controversial method the US uses for calculating tariffs in a trade spat over lumber.
A WTO Dispute Settlement Body panel last week rejected Ottawa's argument that the US use of the method known as "zeroing" violated international trade rules.
In a statement, Foreign Minister Chrystia Freeland said: "The WTO has ruled more than 20 times (in the past) that zeroing, a method of calculating and applying artificially high and unfair duty rates, is inconsistent with WTO rules."
The United States has repeatedly lost cases before the WTO over its use of zeroing, which calculates the price of imports compared to the normal value in the United States to determine predatory pricing.
But in its ruling last Tuesday, the WTO panel "agreed with the United States that such type of zeroing is permissible" in cases where targeted dumping is suspected.
The repeated rulings by the WTO appeals body especially against the use of zeroing had been one of Washington's main complaints against the global trade body.
It is one of the issues mentioned by Washington to justify its blocking of appointments of new judges to the appellate branch of a WTO dispute panel, which could force it to shut down by the end of this year.
Canadian softwood lumber has been a source of conflict in US-Canadian trade for more than three decades.
Ottawa brought its latest trade dispute with the United States over the US softwood lumber tariffs to the WTO in November 2017, after the US Commerce

########
Rank: 11
Score: 41.391148
Retrieved Text: Traiffs announced by the Trump administration last week would raise the cost of building materials and hinder home construction of affordable homes.
Homebuyers in the U.S. were already facing significant hurdles to the American dream in 2018: higher interest rates, rising values, news tax laws and increased labor costs in the construction industry.
The headwinds will be that much stronger if President Trump goes ahead with new tariffs on steel and aluminum, housing experts say.
"Tariffs could measurably raise the cost of building materials and hinder home construction of affordable homes," Lawrence Yun, chief economist of the National Association of Realtors, said in a statement.
Homebuilders are struggling to keep up with the demand for housing, and most metro areas of the country are woefully short of available homes -- despite residential construction rising to a 10-year high last year.
The Trump administration has already imposed duties of as much as 21 percent on Canadian lumber, which accounts for about a third of the softwood used in home construction in the U.S. According to Bloomberg, lumber prices are up more than 30 percent.
The levies the president announced last week could add 25 percent to the price of steel, which is used in flooring and foundations in single-family homes and parking garages and elevator shafts in most multi-family projects.
That will mean higher costs for homebuilders, said Randy Noel, chairman of the National Association of Home Builders (NAHB), which would be passed along to homebuyers.
“This announcement by the president could not have come at a worse time," he said. "Tariffs hurt consumers and

########
Rank: 12
Score: 41.35991
Retrieved Text: Thirty years ago; Canada and the United States negotiated their first, supposed “free trade agreement”, the Canada – United States Free Trade Agreement. One of the key trade irritants between the two nations at the time was the softwood lumber dispute between Canada and the U.S.
The nexus of the dispute was the claim by the U.S. that there was an intrinsic price for softwood lumber, totally independent of market fundamentals, and the U.S. insisted that its own calculation of that (arbitrary) number was the “correct price” for softwood lumber. As a result, any Canadian softwood lumber sold into the U.S. below this arbitrary number was deemed to be “subsidized” and then hit with punitive U.S. tariffs.
Supposedly, the initial Canada/U.S. trade agreement had a dispute resolution mechanism. The problem was that the panel which heard such disputes was only able to issue non-binding decisions – the proverbial toothless tiger.
Thirty years later; nothing has changed. The U.S. continues to assess punitive duties on Canadian softwood lumber exports to the U.S. It continues to insist that it is able to dictate the “correct price” (the U.S. price) for softwood lumber, irrespective of the supply/demand fundamentals for Canadian producers. The U.S. position is totally outside of all previous precedents when it comes to assessing tariffs on natural resource products.
The U.S. has lost several hearings on this issue but simply refuses to rescind its tariffs on Canadian softwood lumber. The bottom line is that though there is supposed “free trade” between the U.S. and Canada, Canadian softwood lumber producers are limited

########
Rank: 13
Score: 41.008022
Retrieved Text: That the current crop of politicians don’t understand trade and tariffs is well known. Donald Trump and his administration really do seem to be labouring under the impression that imports make us all poorer. Entirely the wrong way around of course, imports are what make us richer, they’re the very point in having trade in the first place. We only send our own labour off overseas in order to gain access to what Johnny Foreigner can do better and cheaper than we can.
However, we might expect the distinguished politicians of earlier generations to have a better grasp on this but sadly not as Jimmy Carter has shown. This concerns those tariffs on the Canadian softwood imports. As I’ve pointed out before charging a tax upon such imports raises the price of such softwood in the US. Which makes houses–the US building style uses a lot of such wood–more expensive. This is not known as a way of making the populace richer, making it more expensive to build a place to come in out of the rain.
Think through that allegation there. Canadian people pay taxes, which the Canadian government uses to subsidise lumber, which means that houses in the United States are cheaper. You can see why the Canadian hordes might not be all that keen on this but why on Earth would Americans object? Don’t they like cheap houses or something?
Someone really needs to sit Donald Trump down with the standard entry level textbook. The point of trade is to get imports and the cheaper the

########
Rank: 14
Score: 40.074295
Retrieved Text: As tariff tiffs ratchet up between the United States and its key trading partners, especially China, economists are warning of the potential for a full-blown trade war and global economic crisis — and everyone from American manufacturers to farmers are increasingly on edge about what the future holds. But consumers ought to worry, too.
President Trump announced Monday he would press ahead with tariffs on another $200 billion worth of Chinese imports, on top of $50 billion already taxed earlier this year — meaning nearly half of all goods imported from China will be subject to trade duties. This new wave of tariffs will start at 10 percent on Sept. 24, before climbing to 25 percent at year’s end. Experts expect China will take retaliatory action on American exports, though Trump threatened to slap tariffs on another $267 billion in Chinese goods in response.
What does this escalation mean for you? By many accounts, a heightened trade war would not only increase costs for U.S. businesses, it would also hurt the average American consumer by way of increased prices and even jobs losses.
A trade war would impact Americans in a number of ways. Perhaps the most obvious is that U.S. tariffs on goods from other countries increase the prices of products we import from that country.
In addition, anything in the supply chain that’s hit with a tariff will result in prices being nudged upward. “So, if we put tariffs on steel or aluminum, any product with steel or aluminum increases in cost,” continued Harvey.
One reason countries raise tariffs

########
Rank: 15
Score: 39.59523
Retrieved Text: OTTAWA (Reuters) - Canada will retaliate against any U.S. tariffs on steel and aluminum products, officials said on Thursday, as Ottawa faced what could be one of the biggest economic threats since Donald Trump became president.
Trump unveiled the tariffs on Thursday but did not make clear whether they would apply to Canada and Mexico, which together with the United States are trying to renegotiate the 24-year-old North American Free Trade Agreement.
She did not give details, and Canadian officials were not immediately available for comment on what measures she might have in mind.
Canada sends 75 percent of its goods exports to the United States and would be vulnerable if a trade war erupted. Canada is also the largest supplier of both steel and aluminum to the United States.
Miner Rio Tinto, the largest producer of aluminum in Canada, Alcoa Corp and the United Steelworkers union, which represents workers in both the United States and Canada, all said Canada should be spared from any tariffs.
A Canadian government official, asked whether Ottawa would be pressing for an exemption, said “Our efforts have never diminished nor altered” since the question of possible steel tariffs first emerged last year.
Canada buys more American steel than any other country, accounting for 50 percent of U.S. exports, and the steel and aluminum industry is highly integrated, Freeland said.
Joseph Galimberti, president of the Canadian Steel Producers Association, said there was still room for Canada to be granted an exemption.
“The government has been quite active ... in putting forward the case for our exemption and we expect

########
Rank: 16
Score: 38.958885
Retrieved Text: When the metal tariffs were announced in March, Trump administration officials suggested that an exemption might be available for Canada and Mexico if they moved toward a deal to update the North American Free Trade Agreement.
TORONTO — The new North American trade pact may have patched up one open trade wound, but for Canadian auto businesses, tariffs on steel and aluminum remain a festering sore.
When the metal tariffs were announced in March, Trump administration officials suggested that an exemption might be available for Canada and Mexico if they moved toward a deal to update the North American Free Trade Agreement, creating linkage between the two issues. But no deal was reached then, and when the tariffs took effect in May, no exemption was made.
And now, even after the countries agreed to terms on the new U.S.-Mexico-Canada Agreement, the 25 per cent tariff on imported steel and the 10 per cent tariff on aluminum remain in place. Canada's retaliatory tariffs on U.S. steel, aluminum and other products also remain.
Nantais: Costs hit all countries.
Mark Nantais, president of the Canadian Vehicle Manufacturers' Association, said the tariffs would continue raising costs for automakers if left unaddressed. The association represents the Canadian operations of the Detroit 3, which combine to run five assembly plants in the country.
"Those tariffs continue to be a problem, in the sense of raising costs for companies in all three countries, including the United States," Nantais said. "We hope it will be resolved."
Canadian businesses were nonetheless relieved last week that their negotiators were able to reach an

########
Rank: 17
Score: 38.909218
Retrieved Text: Wyden pit-stopped at a Roseburg Forest Products mill in Dillard Tuesday morning to share the latest on talks to hammer out the agreement, which would succeed the Softwood Lumber Agreement that limits the amount of lumber Canada can export to the U.S.
The agreement, which was ratified in 2006, expired last October and gave way to lumber from the neighbors up north to come pouring in. According to Grady Mulberry, CEO of Roseburg Forest Products, lumber from Canada is up 43 percent since the deal expired and prices have been driven down by nearly a quarter on the dollar. “It’s certainly very impactful on Oregon mills like ours and it certainly makes it very hard for us to compete,” Mulberry said.
The last agreement was established in 2006, but trade deals over lumber between Canada and the U.S. reportedly date back to the 1980s. Domestic lumber companies have contended that harvests up north were aided by subsidies from the Canadian government and created a product too cheap for local companies to compete with.
But the pact expired last fall, bringing along with it a one-year freeze on trade tariffs and paving the way for Canadian companies to import freely until this October. With that deadline approaching, some fear what will happen to the domestic market if a deal isn’t struck soon.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 38.76255
Retrieved Text: The United States: Hurricanes Harvey and Irma trimmed US economic activity in September, slowing manufacturing output. However, the nation’s economy remains resilient. Here is a comment from IHS Markit.
Credit: The Toys R Us filing has catapulted this year’s DIP financing to the highest level since 2009.
China: Goldman expects to see inflows in August – for the first time since 2014.
Commodities: The US protectionist move against Canada’s lumber hasn’t worked out as intended. Lumber prices soared as Canadian firms pass the tariffs (and higher margins) to the buyers. New US homes will become more expensive.
The United Kingdom: Here is the regional breakdown of UK’s economic activity.
Emerging Markets: Economists are projecting a strong quarter for emerging markets’ economic growth.
The Eurozone: Germany’s far-right party (Alternative for Germany) won nearly 13.5% of the vote. The traditional coalition, which has been in place for years, no longer has the votes to form a government.
All of a sudden, Germany has some political uncertainty ahead – which is not great news for the euro. Will traders begin paying more attention to the rate differential between the Eurozone and the US?
Food for Thought: Advertising revenue trends.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 38.66088
Retrieved Text: The escalating conflict between the world's two largest economies has rattled markets and companies, which fear disruption to their global supply chains.
A paper published by Canadian think tank the CD Howe Institute suggests that Mr Trump's threats are having an effect on USA manufacturing by using "uncertainty as a new weapon in trade protection".
Stocks are trading lower at midday Tuesday on fresh worries about a trade dispute between the USA and China, although they've recovered somewhat from an early slump. "But the United States will no longer be taken advantage of on trade by China and other countries in the world".
China's proposed tariffs on United States petroleum imports, part of a mounting trade war between the two countries, would crimp sales to the shale industry's largest customer, adding new pressure on US crude prices, energy executives and analysts said in interviews this week.
Canada has pledged $16.6 billion in countermeasures to respond to USA tariffs on Canadian steel and aluminum.
Oxford Economics estimates that if President Donald Trump imposed the $200 billion in duties that he threatened to implement late Monday, and China responded in kind, US growth could slow by 0.3 percentage point next year. Combined, the potential tariffs on Beijing could cover $450 billion - a sum equal to 89 percent of Chinese goods imported to the United States a year ago.
"The tariffs announced thus far should have relatively small macro effects, but there is clearly a risk of further escalation", its analysts wrote in a note late Sunday.
"China apparently has no intention of changing its

########
Rank: 20
Score: 38.629837
Retrieved Text: Ranjit Sharma is a custom home builder, who specializes in upscale houses with fine trim and old world woodwork.
His company, Copper Creek Homes in Blue Ash, Ohio, has been on a tear the past 5 years, thanks to the soaring housing market.
But he now worries about rising prices from tariffs on Canadian lumber, that have sent the price of the beams, joists, and other wood he uses up almost 10% this year.
"Everything from the framing, to the roofing, to the interior trim," he said," has had price hikes."
It's not just tariffs causing the price spike: Western wildfires and last year's hurricanes in Texas and Florida are also causing many of Sharma's suppliers to raise prices on materials like drywall.
"We have also seen prices on steel, drywall, flooring, concrete, and just about everything go up," he said.
And these soaring prices can impact you not only if you are building a new home, but even if you are just rehabbing your kitchen, or replacing your back deck.
Outside a Home Depot store in Deerfield Township, Jack Allen was loading supplies to build a deck and fence.
He says the price of cedar, that he was hoping to use for the fence, has almost doubled in the past year.
"Can't afford a cedar fence any longer. Each picket is about $4, and there are two pickets every one foot."
As a result, he's downgrading to cheaper pressure treated lumber, which will lower his fence cost by a third.
For now, builder Ranjit Sharma is not passing along the price hikes to his home buyers.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 38.624268
Retrieved Text: Cedar planks are stacked at a lumber yard, Tuesday, April 25, 2017 in Montreal.
WASHINGTON – Canada is prepared to pursue a permanent settlement in softwood lumber within the North American Free Trade Agreement if the U.S. lumber industry keeps blocking a deal, Canada’s ambassador to the U.S. suggested Thursday.
David MacNaughton expressed frustration at the industry using what is effectively its veto power to block any deal between the national governments and he raised the possibility of working around it to achieve a long-term solution.
Free trade in softwood lumber has never been part of any continental trade pact and the Canadian government has been wary of injecting it into this current negotiation, fearful that adding a contentious issue would make the already complex talks that much more difficult.
“We’re open to anything that’s going to resolve it. Because it’s just crazy right now,” MacNaughton said, when asked about adding softwood into NAFTA.
The reason the U.S. industry has veto power over any deal is that part of any softwood agreement would require it to sign away its right to launch trade actions against Canada.
The American industry alleges unfair subsidies in Canada and about once a decade launches trade actions, which lead to duties on lumber imports, higher prices, and years of international litigation, before there’s a new temporary deal.
MacNaughton accused the industry of dragging its feet because it serves its own financial interest: “They’re making a lot of money right now,” he said during a public forum organized by Politico.
He called it unfortunate that U.S. consumers have no say

########
Rank: 22
Score: 38.449474
Retrieved Text: Uh Oh Canada: Trump Starts Up With Our Neighbors to the North; Marissa Mayer Walks Away Golden; Nasdaq Yowza!
As if things weren’t awkward enough between the President and Mexico, now it’s the U.S.’s relations with Canada that are getting the Trump treatment. This time it’s Canada’s lumber industry that’s getting caught up in the import debate as the President’s plan calls for a tariff of up to 24% on Canada’s lumber products. Canadian lumber companies are pretty ticked off and Canada’s Prime Minister, Justin Trudeau, is itching to fight back. Just how remains to be seen. In case you didn’t know, Canada is the world’s largest soft-wood lumber exporter and the U.S. is its biggest customer, reportedly importing $6 billion worth of the resource just in 2016. But here’s where things get dicey, well for the U.S. anyway – shares of home-building companies took a very unwelcome dive on the soft-lumber dispute, as Wall Street realized raw materials could get a whole a lot pricier. That will likely end up leading to a very unpleasant domino effect on other related industries. If you’re looking to buy a home, take note that this Canada lumber is issue is sending home prices up as well. Incidentally, Canada is going to stop importing U.S. dairy products, as a sort of retaliatory action. Sort of. But basically, this means dairy farmers are getting screwed here too. And don’t you hate when that happens? On the flip side, U.S. lumber producers said that cheap lumber imports from Canada, which are they

########
Rank: 23
Score: 38.403297
Retrieved Text: Wednesday. U.S. Senator Doug Jones (D-Alabama) praised the decision by the International Trade Commission (ITC) to halt the tariffs on newsprint from Canada imposed by the Trump Administration earlier this year. Senator Jones has consistently fought against these tariffs due to what he claims are the significant impacts they have had on small community newspapers throughout Alabama and the United States.
The tariffs were initially imposed in response to a complaint to the U.S. Department of Commerce made by a hedge fund-owned paper manufacturer, North Pacific Paper Company (NORPAC), in Washington State, that claimed that Canadian government subsidies allowed their producers to sell newsprint at unfairly low prices.
In April, Senator Jones wrote a letter to U.S. Department of Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross calling for an end to the tariffs, and he cosponsored bipartisan legislation to suspend the tariffs while the Commerce Department examined the impacts of the tariffs on the printing and publishing industry. Sen. Jones even testified at a hearing of the ITC on this issue. Jones testified that there would be devastating consequences for newspapers, particularly those that operate in small or rural communities, if the tariffs remained in place.
Canadian newsprint producers began paying six percent more to export their products to the U.S. in January after the Commerce Department investigation concluded that would help offset the foreign paper mills’ advantage over American companies. In March, the tariff was increased by another 22 percent.
The United States and Canada are in intense negotiations to renegotiate the North American Free Trade Agreement. This decision by the ITC

########
Rank: 24
Score: 37.918427
Retrieved Text: In the iconic film, Groundhog Day, the hero is obliged to relive the day's events over and over again. That also describes the softwood-lumber dispute between Canada and the United States.
The two most important points to understand about the latest round in this never-ending dispute are these. First, it was not triggered by U.S. President Donald Trump's aggressive "America First" agenda. The dispute, in its current form, dates back to the early 1980s (some would say 1880s) and is now in its fifth iteration. Groundhog Day, indeed. Second, it truly has little to do with Canadian resource-management practices, although these have long been used as the pretext by U.S. industry protectionists and their agents in successive administrations and U.S. Congresses. Imports from Canada reduce lumber prices in the United States, to the benefit of American home buyers and builders, but at the expense of producers. It is worth billions of dollars to these producers to be able to raise prices without fear of being undercut by more efficient producers from the north. And a small fraction of those billions is enough to buy the highest-priced lawyers, lobbyists and legislators.
The Canadians used the newly established machinery of the free-trade agreement to arbitrate the dispute, and the panel ruled in Canada's favour and tossed out the case. After further machinations, the Americans agreed to drop the pretexts and settled for an arrangement to limit imports from Canada to just less than 35 million cubic metres per annum – enough, they believed, to keep U.S. prices up. When that

########
Rank: 25
Score: 37.82911
Retrieved Text: Canadian lumber company Resolute Forest Products Inc RFP.N said its move to temporarily lay off 1,282 employees was related to the United States’ decision last month to impose preliminary anti-subsidy duties on imports of Canadian softwood lumber.
“Real people are now being impacted by the baseless actions of the U.S. Department of Commerce. They not only hurt Canadians, as demonstrated clearly with these actions, but American Consumers are also hit hard by market volatility,” Resolute Forest’s spokesman Seth Kursman told Reuters on Monday.
The U.S. tariffs, which affect nearly $5.66 billion worth of imports of construction material, were imposed at a time when the two countries and Mexico are preparing to renegotiate the 23-year-old North American Free Trade Agreement.
Canadian firms affected by the tariff include West Fraser Timber Co Ltd WFT.TO, Canfor Corp CFP.TO, Conifex Timber Inc CFF.TO, Western Forest Products Inc WEF.TO and Interfor Corp IFP.TO, apart from Resolute Forest Products.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 37.79098
Retrieved Text: The U.S. is in the midst of negotiations with Canada over an agreement on Canadian lumber imports. Many U.S. sawmill owners argue that the Canadian mills receive government subsidies on government-owned lands, making it difficult for the U.S. market to compete. The 2006 softwood lumber trade agreement, meant to level the playing field, expired last year and a one-year freeze on tariffs, a tax on imported goods and services, ends in October. The uncertainty of new tariffs is affecting Southeast timber.
The U.S. and Canadian governments have been at odds for decades on whether Canadian sawmills receive government subsidies, particularly “stumpage” fees, a tax on harvested trees. Mills in the states say that gives Canadian producers an unfair advantage in the U.S. market.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 37.594284
Retrieved Text: President Trump announced on Tuesday that the U.S. was withdrawing from the multilateral nuclear accord between the U.S., Iran, Russia, China, and European allies, maintaining a campaign promise. He also announced that his administration would impose harsh sanctions on Iran, which could affect European companies who have invested heavily in Iranian businesses.
Fears of larger conflicts shot energy markets higher, with crude oil approaching $72 per barrel for the first time since 2014. Higher oil prices drove gasoline and diesel prices to multiyear highs as well, rising by more than 5 cents per gallon this week.
On Thursday, the USDA updated its monthly Supply & Demand estimates, showing a much tighter supply outlook for soybeans.
The USDA is projecting much lower global soybean production than most analysts had anticipated, and expects that U.S. stockpiles could be as low as 415 million bushels at the end of next summer, compared with expectations of 535 million bushels.
This caused a brief rally in the market, but by Friday, soybeans had tumbled to a five-week low at $10.02 per bushel, driven primarily by ongoing concerns that trade disputes will hurt Chinese demand for U.S. beans.
Lumber prices continued rattling higher this week, topping $600 per thousand board feet for the first time in history. U.S. tariffs against Canadian lumber imports, which account for one third of our lumber demand, have restricted the supply of wood coming into the U.S., while rapid new home construction is increasing demand.
Over the last three years, lumber prices have nearly tripled, rising from a mere $215 in September 2015

########
Rank: 28
Score: 37.21226
Retrieved Text: British Columbia’s major lumber producers continue to book substantial profits on near record lumber prices almost a year after the U.S. Department of Commerce first hit Canadian producers with punishing duties.
The benchmark price for 1,000 board-feet of top-quality western Canadian two-by-fours hit US$540 about a month ago, according to the trade publication Madison’s Lumber Reporter, compared with US$315 at the start of 2017 before U.S. interests re-ignited the ongoing trade dispute.
Bottlenecks in rail transportation plaguing all industries are one reason lumber prices have spiked so high, but solid demand has also allowed producers to simply pass the price of tariffs along to consumers in prices, said Susan Yurkovich, president of the B.C. Lumber Trade Council.
“It just reminds everyone that the fact the U.S. industry is claiming it has been injured is just preposterous,” Yurkovich said.
The U.S. case is that Canadian, particularly British Columbian, lumber producers are unfairly subsidized because the province’s methods of granting access to Crown-owned timber doesn’t constitute a fair market, allowing B.C. producers to undercut American mills.
Last year, however, B.C.’s lumber production shrank slightly due in large part to the record wildfires that interrupted logging and burned timber supplies.
B.C.’s total lumber exports fell nine per cent to 25.3 million cubic metres in 2017 with shipments to the U.S., the province’s biggest customer, down 10 per cent to 16.1 million cubic metres.
“We’ve always predicted there would be a shortage of lumber in North America,” said Russ Taylor, publisher of trade publication Wood Markets.
That is because B.C. has to reduce timber harvests for several decades

########
Rank: 29
Score: 37.155457
Retrieved Text: The new trade deal between the U.S., Canada and Mexico that will replace the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA) with the United States-Mexico-Canada Agreement, or USMCA, has the potential to yield positive developments regarding the ongoing U.S.-Canada lumber trade dispute.
All three nations must still ratify the new agreement.
Under NAFTA, the Chapter 19 mechanism has been successfully used by Canada in the past to challenge the U.S. on its softwood lumber trade restrictions.
NAHB Chairman Randy Noel has sent a letter to President Trump urging him to negotiate now.
There is no justification for Trump’s tariffs on Canadian soft lumber.
There is, if the tariffs have been lopsided like we’ve seen with China and other countries.
There is no justification for the US to be subjected to unfair trading practices. Be thankful for the economy because people with jobs buy houses. I am thankful for regulation changes that make borrowing money to develop and build possible. Private builders are unleashed. Trade with the USA and Canada, including lumber, will be back to normal soon. A small amount of pain for a whole lot of gain for different segments of our economy.
I agree 100% . We need to look at the big picture.
How about all the tariffs and limits that Canada puts on us?
Trump is winning against Canada’s one sided dealings.
The tariffs imposed on lumber is part of a much bigger picture that has gotten the US in a much better position in regards to trade. Though you are correct that it wasn’t necessary to put them on lumber, it has

================



======= Instance Index 451 =========
Input Text: The word "aim" has multiple meanings. Does it have the same meaning in sentences 1 and 2? Yes or no?

Sentence 1: She wanted to aim a pun.
Sentence 2: He aimed his fists towards his opponent's face.

Target Text: No

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 48.00074
Retrieved Text: What is the meaning of aim?
An anticipated outcome that is intended or that guides your planned actions.
usage: "his intent was to provide a new translation"; "good intentions are not enough"; "it was created with the conscious aim of answering immediate needs"; "he made no secret of his designs"
usage: "the sole object of her trip was to see her children"
usage: "he took aim and fired"
usage: "Please don't aim at your little brother"; "He trained his gun on the burglar"; "Don't train your camera on the women"; "Take a swipe at one's opponent"
usage: "I aim to arrive at noon"
Intend (something) to move towards a certain goal.
usage: "He aimed his fists towards his opponent's face"; "criticism directed at her superior"; "direct your anger towards others, not towards yourself"
usage: "She wanted to aim a pun"
Have an ambitious plan or a lofty goal.
Chicago WordNet. 2010. "aim" http://smartdefine.org/aim/definitions/1192207 (accessed April 23, 2019).
Harvard WordNet 2010, aim, Smart Define, viewed 23 April, 2019, <http://smartdefine.org/aim/definitions/1192207>.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 38.442535
Retrieved Text: a. To direct (a weapon or camera) toward a point.
b. To direct or propel (an object, such as a ball) toward a point: aimed the pass at a wide receiver; aimed the shot at the lower right corner of the goal.
2. To direct toward or intend for a particular goal or group: The publicity campaign was aimed at improving the eating habits of children.
a. To direct a weapon or camera: The sniper aimed carefully.
b. To direct or propel an object toward a point: aimed for the far goalpost.
2. To determine a course or direct an effort: aim for a better education.
3. To propose to do something; intend: The historical society is aiming to restore the town hall.
a. The act of aiming: Take careful aim.
b. The ability to hit a target or intended point: a marksman with extraordinary aim.
c. The degree of accuracy of a weapon or of a person aiming a weapon or propelled object: Your aim was way off on that throw.
2. A purpose or intention toward which one's efforts are directed: My aim was to try to make him laugh. See Synonyms at intention.
These verbs mean to turn something toward an intended goal or target: aimed the camera at the guests; directed our attention toward the screen; leveled criticism at the administration; pointing a finger at the suspect; trained the gun on the intruder. See Also Synonyms at intention.
3. (intr; foll by at or an infinitive) to propose or intend: we aim to leave early.
4. (intr; often foll by at or for) to direct

########
Rank: 2
Score: 35.754684
Retrieved Text: Bruno Joe, The Champion Pup, is a playable character in Fates Forever. In order to play him, you need to purchase him from the in-game store.
Bruno Joe was on his knees. It was the third round and he was tired, drained, exhausted and up against the toughest opponent he had ever faced in the ring. Ever.
Somehow, an opponent of incredible size possesed such incredible speed. Incredible finesse. Incredible prowess in battle.
Bruno Joe took a deep breath. He wasn't one to go down so easily. He had fans to please. He had something to prove.
To himself. To his father. To his brother. He failed to protect them once. He wouldn't lose this time around. He would not give up.
Slowly rising to his knees, Bruno Joe cracked a grin. His opponent took a slight step back, not expecting such a delighted expression from Bruno Joe.
Bruno Joe raised his fists towards his opponent and spoke.
"You want a Challenge? You got a Challenge."
With that said, he shouted "Furious Fists!" while launching a ball of energy at his incredible opponent.
Caught off guard, his opponent stumbled backwards from the impact. The bright light from the attack was blinding and his opponent was forced to shield his eyes.
As soon as the light faded and his eye opened, all he saw was a bright red knee right in front of him.
Bruno Joe yelled as his signature move connected with his opponent's face.
Stunned and surprised, Bruno Joe's opponent flew backwards with such impact that he fell over the edge of the ring.
The crowd was silent

########
Rank: 3
Score: 34.9845
Retrieved Text: James Wade, who is bipolar and suffers from ADHD, says he is sorry for the way he acted and that his opponent is a great player.
A darts player has apologised after yelling in his opponent's face during a world championship match, blaming it on an episode of hypomania.
In a post-match interview, James Wade said he "wanted to really hurt him in his face" after beating Japanese player Seigo Asada three sets to two.
In a statement, the world number nine said he had a "hypomania episode" before taking to the oche for the second-round tie and was "fighting a battle with myself".
Having trailed two sets to one at Alexandra Palace on Wednesday, Wade, 35, fought back to take the match to sudden death before beating Asada 3-2.
After levelling the match at one set all, Wade, who is bipolar and suffers from attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), yelled in the Japanese player's face.
When he threw the winning double, he again yelled aggressively several times, towards the audience and the board, with arms and fists clenched.
Asada politely shook hands with wade and the officials, bowing as he did so.
Wade tweeted his statement, which said: "I am disappointed in myself with the way I acted both on the stage and in my interviews after the match... No one is more upset than I am about what happened.
"Seigo Asada is a great player and I would like to say sorry to him, the fans and the PDC," Wade added.
Hypomania is defined as periods of over-active and excited behaviour that have a

########
Rank: 4
Score: 34.880642
Retrieved Text: Yesterday's muay thai exhibition matches at Amphawa, Samut Songkhram Province in Thailand saw a handful of kids slug it out for a one-thousand-baht winner's prize.
Coaches shouted instructions and cornermen watched as these kids pummeled each other with elbows, knees, fists and feet. At one point a kids takes a massive kick to the stomach and stops to wince in pain. The coach shouts at him to continue fighting.
A final round sees both coaches going to their charges. The moment is so intense they neglect to go to their corners. They often look down the fighter's groin, perhaps checking for damage.
Jab, cross, leg kick! Another coach tells his fighter to continue with his combo. This kid will end his match with a knockout punch to his opponent's face. He will look on with concern as the boy is carried out of the ring.
The next fighter awaits his turn on the ring, and the matches continue throughout the night.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 32.323
Retrieved Text: A facebuster, also known as a faceplant, is generally a takedown move in professional wrestling in which an attacking wrestler forces his/her opponent down to the mat face-first without involving a headlock or facelock. If these are used then the move is either a DDT or bulldog variation. Inverted mat slams are commonly referred to and considered to be facebusters. A standard facebuster, also known as a jumping facebuster, involves the wrestler grabbing hold of the opponent's head / hair and jumping down to their knees, forcing the opponent's face into the mat.
The attacking wrestler places an opponent in an Argentine backbreaker rack, where the opponent is held face-up across both the shoulders of the wrestler, from here the wrestler falls sideways (towards the side where the opponent's head is held) while still holding the opponent's head with one arm and flipping the opponent's legs over with the other, driving them down to the mat face-first.
From a position in which the opponent is bent forward against the wrestler's midsection, the wrestler grabs around his or her opponent's midsection and lifts so that the opponent is held upside down, facing in the same direction as the wrestler. The wrestler then hooks both arms of the opponent using his or her legs, and then falls forward planting the opponent's body into the mat face-first. The move often sees the wrestler keep his/her legs hooked under the arms of the opponent after hitting the move, using the underhooking technique to turn the opponent on to their back into a

########
Rank: 6
Score: 32.02359
Retrieved Text: A facebuster, also known as a faceplant, is generally a takedown move in professional wrestling in which an attacking wrestler forces his/her opponent down to the mat face-first without involving a headlock or facelock. A standard facebuster, also known as a jumping facebuster, involves the wrestler grabbing hold of the opponent's head / hair and dropping down to their knees, forcing the opponent's face into the mat.
Styles preparing to perform the Styles Clash on Matt Hardy.
Styles performing the Styles Clash on Matt Hardy.
From a position in which the opponent is bent forward against the wrestler's midsection, the wrestler grabs around his or her opponent's midsection and lifts so that the opponent is held upside down, facing in the same direction as the wrestler. The wrestler then hooks both arms of the opponent using his or her legs, and then falls forward planting the opponent's body into the mat face-first. The move often sees the wrestler keep his/her legs hooked under the arms of the opponent after hitting the move, using the underhooking technique to turn the opponent on to their back into a Rana style pinning position. This move was innovated by Col. DeBeers and was made famous by A.J. Styles, who refers to the move as the Styles Clash. Styles performs the maneuver with a variation, as seen in the photos to the right: he does not hook the opponent's arms before performing the slam, but takes two steps and moves his legs in front of the opponent's arms enabling him to use his legs

########
Rank: 7
Score: 31.273245
Retrieved Text: Watchog (Japanese: ミルホッグ Miruhog) is a Colorless-type Stage 1 Pokémon card. It is part of the Furious Fists expansion.
Your opponent reveals his or her hand. Choose an Item card you find there. Your opponent shuffles that card into his or her deck.
Flip 2 coins. For each heads, discard an Energy attached to your opponent's Active Pokémon.
This page was last edited on 7 January 2015, at 04:06.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 30.588953
Retrieved Text: Step 1. Your opponent grabs a hold of your right wrist from the top with his right hand (Figure 5-22). Place your left hand on top of his right hand and cinch your thumb down on his index finger (Figure 5-23). Raise your right arm up clockwise up to neutralize his grab (Figure 5-24).
Step 2. Push your left hand towards your right hand, while hooking the fingers of your right hand onto his wrist and begin extending your arms toward his body (Figure 5-25). As he begins to go down, take a step back with your right foot, maintain the pressure on his wrist, and control him down to the floor (Figure 5-26).
When you rotate your forearm up, let the pivoting point of the clockwise circle be as close to the location of the grab as possible. This will allow you to use minimal force to neutralize the grab. Next, while keeping your elbow pointing down, extend your arm forward and down towards your opponent.
In executing this technique, you are creating a Z angle with your opponent's arm, and twisting while bending your opponent's forearm and wrist. When you extend your arms forward, extend at a 90 degree angle towards the plane of your opponent's body. When executing the technique, maintain constant pressure on your opponent's wrist. By holding onto your opponent's fingers, you prevent your opponent from escaping from your Qinna.
When you step back you lower your opponent to the floor and move your body away from your opponent's reach. The technique is completed when

########
Rank: 9
Score: 29.943518
Retrieved Text: He screamed in my face as I felt my ears, and cheeks turn warm and red. He balled up his fists and they started bleeding because of how hard he was digging his nails into his palms. I began feeling my tears drip down my cheeks as I backed away from him. His brown skinned face turned to blazing red in a matter of moments, his words slurring as he moved towards me more and more. I was backed up against a wall with fear in my eyes. As he continued yelling in my face his breath smelling of pure alcohol, his saliva spitting into my face. I tried pushing him off of me but he was far too strong gripping my hands and pinning them against the wall. Even though his dreads covered his eyes I could still see his bloodshot red eyes in between the gaps. I begged him to stop but he just got angrier. I didn’t know what I did wrong asking him for forgiveness. Scared of the thought the love of my life might hurt me. He reluctantly looked down into my eyes calling me “honey” as he loosened his grip crying. Repeating how sorry he was for hurting me. He put his head into my chest before falling to his knees holding my shaking hands. I fell to my knees and cried with him whispering into his ears “i forgive you”.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 29.331913
Retrieved Text: The Boston crab is a professional wrestling hold that typically starts with the opponent laying supine on the mat, with the wrestler standing and facing them. It is a type of spinal lock where the wrestler hooks each of the opponent’s legs in one of his arms, and then turns the opponent face-down, stepping over him in the process. The final position has the wrestler in a semi-sitting position and facing away from his opponent, with the opponent’s back and legs bent back toward his face. This often sees the attacking wrestler perform double leg takedown while remaining upright with the opponent's legs hook so they can be turned into the Boston crab.
The original name for the maneuver was the backbreaker, before that term became known for its current usage. In modern wrestling, the Boston crab is not treated as a lethal submission maneuver, even though it was considered a match-ending hold in the past. The only exception is when the hold is applied by Chris Jericho, who uses the elevated variation of the Boston crab as his finisher which he calls the Walls of Jericho. He also uses another version of the maneuver that he dubbed The Liontamer, where he drives a knee into his opponent's back while performing the move to make it more painful.
This variation of a normal Boston crab sees the attacking wrestler get a hold of both of the opponent's feet, then crossing both legs over before tucking both legs under its opposite armpit (i.e. left leg under wrestler’s right armpit).

########
Rank: 11
Score: 28.461504
Retrieved Text: Although the Engraved Dragon Blade’s grade was low, with the support of the Monarch Occult Force, the sword blade’s surface layer was wrapped with layers upon layers of Profound Spirit Qi, becoming surprisingly sharp, and in that moment, was similar to a deadly god weapon.
However, Sun Zhi Miao was not some nobody. When the Engraved Dragon Blade slashed at his waist, his glove quickly took out gold powder from the storage ring on his waist and threw it at Su Yun!
The moment it was flung at Su Yun, the gold powder released light auras.
The moment that the gold powder released light, they all became as heavy as a thousand catties which were incomparably tough. The Engraved Dragon Blade that was slashing through was immediately blocked by the gold powder, and the remaining gold powder that landed on Su Yun’s body were like many small hills smashing on his body, they were extremely heavy, causing Su Yun’s entire being to suddenly smash into the ground.
Sun Zhi Miao’s mouth arched upwards, he suddenly took a breath, and instead of landing on the ground, he soared up further into the sky. After reaching around 1km up in the sky, he suddenly dove down, and when he was close enough, he released both fists that struck towards Su Yun.
Sun Zhi Miao bellowed, the iron fists releasing gigantic fist silhouettes, bombing indiscriminately towards the ground.
The ground that had just experienced the tremor was once again bombarded by a storm of crazy fist energy that struck multiple times. The surrounding spectators all

########
Rank: 12
Score: 28.205826
Retrieved Text: The beginning of the shuto section of the kata. The end of the sequence differs slightly between the Pinan and Heian versions.
Opponent begins holding your left forearm or wrist with his right hand.
Pull down towards your chest with your left arm.
The down right to upper left upstroke of the shuto movement catches the opponent's arm at the elbow forcing it to bend to 90° using your upper forearm.
The cross stroke left to right of the "block" portion of the shuto-uke moves the opponent's elbow to the right, his hand still grips your left wrist.
The movement and your forward step rotates the opponent anti-clockwise and causes him to bend. Your right hand now rests on his upper arm and his right forearm is trapped in the crook of your right elbow.
The upstroke of the shuto-uke frees your left arm from the grip of your opponent's right arm.
Step forward and the cross stroke of the shuto from right to left places the left hand on the back of the opponent's head.
The nukite pushes through the opponent's locked arm, over his shoulder. There is a difference between the Heian version and Pinan version in that the Heian version pushes the opponent's head directly downwards, while the Pinan version grabs the hair or similar and pulls it down and back towards the left hip. In the Heian version, the nukite goes over the back of the opponent's neck and the Pinan version over the front.
Both versions over-rotate the opponent's shoulder and potentially dislocate it, the Pinan version levers the shoulder

########
Rank: 13
Score: 27.961246
Retrieved Text: I said last night they should be looking at Sampaoli when the domestic season finishes as the next round of games aren't until August.
They're going nowhere under Bauza, crazy tactics and crazy team selections. He's just a very crazy guy.
It wasn't. He was given 22 years. However, he appealed that sentence. Seven years later, the appeal has still not been heard (delays in Brazil are appalling). So he made an application to be released pending the appeal, which was granted. The appeal still has to be heard. If anything, the fact he has now been released will probably delay the appeal further, as it loses urgency. Lucky for him, I suppose.
Yeah, he is a top man. It is all just a misunderstanding.
Great piece, well worth a read.
You don't get characters like that anymore and the world is a poorer place for it.
I think my favourite part is yerman getting sent off for "headbutting his opponent's fists"
The comments of "Surprised Mayo weren't involved"
Fullbacks will be their weak link.
Agree very attacking line up, Casermiro will obviously drop back when they go forward but can see them getting caught out against quick counter attacking teams.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 27.803267
Retrieved Text: If this card battles with a DARK monster, increase the ATK of this card by 500 points during the Damage Step.
When your opponent's card(s) are discarded to the Graveyard, inflict 500 points of damage to his/her Life Points for each card that was discarded.
FLIP: Discard 5 cards from the top of your opponent's Deck to his/her Graveyard.
Each time this card inflicts battle damage to your opponent's Life Points, you can remove up to 2 monster cards in your opponent's Graveyard from play.
In addition, as long as this card remains face-up on the field, your opponent cannot remove any cards in either Graveyard from play.
You can remove up to 3 monster cards in your Graveyard from play to increase the ATK of this monster by 300 points for each card removed from play until the end of your opponent's next turn. This effect can only be used once during your turn.
Special Summon 1 Zombie-Type monster from your Graveyard in face-up Attack or Defense Position and remove 1 monster in your opponent's Graveyard from play.
When an effect that inflicts damage to your Life Points is activated (except Battle Damage), negate the damage to your Life Points. Your opponent then selects 1 card from his/her hand and discards it to his/her Graveyard.
You can substitute this card for any 1 Fusion-Material Monster. When you do this, the other Fusion-Material Monster(s) must be the correct one(s).
Randomly discard 1 card from your hand to the Graveyard to destroy all Special Summoned monsters on the field. In addition, as long as this card

########
Rank: 15
Score: 27.495737
Retrieved Text: Kazuya dodged to the left, easily avoiding the swift chop that Lee had aimed at his head.
With a grunt, Kazuya darted forward, bringing both his fists in front of himself, preparing to hit Lee with the full force of his fury. Lee jumped back, but Kazuya, anticipating the move, charged an extra step, connecting both of his fists with Lee's stomach, sending the silver haired young man back through the air like a cannon shot. As Lee collided with the ground in a spray of dust and dirt, Kazuya crossed his arms and smiled.
"In future you'll know better then to mess wth me" muttered Kazuya. "I don't know why I even wasted my time coming out here."
Lee moaned and pushed himself to his knees, a gentle breeze ruffling his hair. "I.." he said, his voice low and weak. "I...called you out to this fight becaus..."
"Because?!" Roared Kazuya, taking a step toward the fallen Lee. "Tell me before I crush you into the ground."
Lee coughed and climbed to his feet. "Because..."
Kazuya slammed his right fist hard into Lee's chest, knocking him back to the ground, small flecks of blood flying from his mouth. "Tell me now or die" uttered Kazuya, his voice full of malice.
"Because I need...needed to see you..."
Kazuya tilted his head slightly to the side, wondering just what that was supposed to mean. All he knew is that Lee had called him out to this park in the dead of night, proposing a one on one fight. Kazuya had accepted out of boredom, and the

########
Rank: 16
Score: 27.329805
Retrieved Text: ‘I can see that’, he said, eyeing the delicate porcelain that covered every surface. There was silence; he, I supposed, pondering what offer to make and I imaging the big white room bare at last.
‘Ah yes, such a pretty girl. No wonder she loved beautiful things.’ He continued to study the portrait closely. ‘I can see a lot of you in her,’ he said.
I could not think what; I have dark hair, and I wear it short.
‘And corkscrew curls!’ he exclaimed, ‘Fancy!’ He shook his head in wonderment. ‘No,’ he went on, ‘the likeness isn’t in the colouring. It’s more in the eyes… They are very determined for a little girl,’ and turning away from the picture to me, he peered for a moment into my eyes.
‘The collection,’ I began, but he was still standing in front of the portrait of my mother.
I lay down and turned my face to the wall.
She came upstairs again when the baby started crying. Cissie was just old enough to notice that our mother had kissed me good-night, but not her. She stood up in the cot, clutching the rail with fat little fists and howled.
Through the half-open door of the night-nursery, I watched mother cross the landing. She was holding the Chinese Vase, so old, so fragile that she moved as though an uneven step would shatter it. She paused in the doorway.
I turned my head as she bent towards the cot. Cissie had lifted her arms towards her; she swayed for a second on her tiny, soft feet

########
Rank: 17
Score: 27.293947
Retrieved Text: Hit the opponent's ken down.
Control the opponent's right wrist.
Flow to the left raise the ken and strike.
Step off to the right and strike his face.
Strike with Shomen Uchi Komi.
Flowing with his thrust, step to the left. Do Gedan Gaeshi and hit his side.
Thrust stepping forward with the left foot.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 27.110983
Retrieved Text: If your opponent shoots in and you don't manage to sprawl in time, you want to avoid landing flat on your back because you will most likely get stuck there. When I get taken down, I'll do everything in my power to land on my side. From there, I will post one hand on the mat and push on my opponent's head with my other hand. When done quickly, it allows me to pull my legs out from underneath him and stand right back up. If you manage to block the majority of your opponent's shots, as well as quickly pop up every time he takes you down, it starts messing with his head, especially if he wants nothing to do with your stand-up skills. He'll start thinking, "Man, I can't take this guy to the ground." Meanwhile, you're just landing unreal punches to his face.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 26.931105
Retrieved Text: Curtis Jackson has confirmed he plans to travel to Russia to meet Khabib Nurmagomedov after offering the UFC star the opportunity to fight at Bellator.
Nurmagomedov defended his lightweight title against Conor McGregor at UFC 229, but the fight was marred by subsequent scenes as the Russian clashed with individuals in his opponent's camp.
UFC president Dana White suggested Nurmagomedov could be stripped of his title, while the fighter claimed he might quit the competition, leading rapper and businessman Jackson, commonly known as '50 Cent', to give him an opportunity at rival promotion Bellator.
"I'm taking Khabib up on his offer and I'm going to see him and his team in Dagestan after I wrap directing Power," Jackson wrote, alongside Nurmagomedov's replies.
He added: "The new face of contact sports is Khabib Nurmagomedov. He is the real deal. I mean he is real and I'm making the deal."
In a video uploaded to Ellerbe's Instagram page, Nurmagomedov revealed his intention to face boxer Floyd Mayweather Jr.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 26.751102
Retrieved Text: Concluding his series, AJ shows his favorite sweep using his leg lasso guard. From spider guard, he throws the leg lasso on one arm and keeps his other foot in the other biceps. He then moves the foot in the biceps to the hip and pushes his opponent away, before undoing his leg lasso and changing it to a regular foot in the biceps hook. His foot on the hip goes to the ground to help bring his opponent forward. Next he brings his leg to the back of his opponent's thigh, grabs his ankles and sweeps him backward.
AJ shows a sweep he uses when he has the leg lasso, and his opponent drives his knee down to put pressure on him. With both grips on his opponent's sleeves, AJ pushes his opponent away to make space for him to use his leg lasso as a De La Riva hook. Next he places his free foot on the mat, tips his opponent over to the leg lasso side, and comes up to establish side control.
AJ shows the armbar he used to finish Vitor Schlosser in the BJJ Library Challenge. As AJ was attempting to pass Vitor's guard, Vitor grabbed a kimura grip on AJ's arm, so AJ spun around Vitor's head and went straight for the armbar. AJ emphasizes the importance of speed for this position.
AJ shows the flying triangle/armbar setup he used to finish Brian Mingia and Dennis Hallman in the BJJ LIbrary Challenge. AJ typically jumps and goes for the triangle lock, but finishes

########
Rank: 21
Score: 26.741701
Retrieved Text: From the 50/50 guard, Imanari does the same set up as the last position to get the kneebar. But now, for whatever reason, he can't finish the kneebar, he slides himself to his back, moving his opponent's leg back to the other side of his body. Now he can easily trap the foot and finish a heel hook. He also shows how to continue the movement over and over as a drill.
From the 50/50 guard, Imanari first pulls his opponent's leg across his body to the outside, and pinches it against his side. He plants his outside foot to escape his hips, and brings the foot underneath his opponent's leg, hooking the hamstring. Now he plants his head on the mat and rolls to the outside, straightening the leg as he rolls. He hugs the leg in his armpit and stretches to finish the kneebar.
Luiz finishes his seminar at the University of Jiu-Jitsu with his bread and butter. Starting from the open guard, Luiz places one foot on the hip, and brings the other leg behind his opponent's knee and sweeps him like a tripod sweep. Once his opponent lands on the mat, he is in position to set up the 50/50 guard and immediately attacks the foot lock.
Luiz starts these techniques in the 50/50 guard, but now his opponent has a grip on his sleeve, stopping him from tying up the foot as he did before. In the first position, he just grabs his shin, pinches his elbow and finishes the foot lock. In the

########
Rank: 22
Score: 26.53309
Retrieved Text: Stats in parentheses are from the game's Easy Mode.
Shiny RoboBowser is an enhanced version of Bowser and the final boss of Mario & Luigi: Paper Jam. After Mario, Luigi, and Paper Mario fight both the real-world Bowser and Paper Bowser for some time, Paper Bowser fuses with many of his paper minions, which Bowser then joins with to form the boss. Shiny RoboBowser is a giant version of the "real" Bowser, wearing cardboard armor in his own image (apparently formed from Paper Bowser and his minions). As Shiny RoboBowser takes damage, his armor breaks, ultimately destroying his helmet and allowing Bowser himself to be targeted. After his HP is fully depleted, the boss explodes and Paper Bowser and Bowser fall to the ground, but Bowser stumbles off the arena and falls out of his castle.
One of Shiny RoboBowser's attacks involves clashing his fists a number of times before punching at the Mario Bros. After a few punches, he blows a stream of fire at Paper Mario, followed by a giant fireball that slowly goes across the screen. The player must jump as soon as the boss punches, shoots a stream of fire and then the fireball towards Paper Mario, or they will receive massive damage and will be blown off the screen. The amount of times Shiny RoboBowser clashes his fists is the amount of times he will hit the bros before unleashing the stream of fire towards Paper Mario.
Shiny RoboBowser's next attack involves him leaping off-screen and then landing on the targeted bro, squishing them.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 26.484026
Retrieved Text: This card cannot be Special Summoned. This card returns to the owner's hand during the End Phase of the turn that it is Normal Summoned, Flip Summoned or flipped face-up. When this card inflicts Battle Damage to your opponent's Life Points, your opponent skips his/her next Draw Phase.
As long as this card remains face-up on the field, negate the effects of Effect Monsters destroyed by Fiend-Type monsters on your side of the field in Battle. This card cannot be Special Summoned from the Graveyard.
"Possessed Dark Soul" + "Frontier Wiseman" This monster can only be Fusion Summoned by the above Fusion-Material Monsters. When a Normal Magic Card is activated, negate the effect by paying 1000 Life Points. Also negate the effect of an Effect Monster that is destroyed by this monster in Battle.
As long as this monster remains face-up on the field, monsters destroyed by this monster in battle are removed from play instead of being sent to the Graveyard.
Offer this face-up card as a Tribute to take control of all face-up Level 3 or lower monsters on your opponent's side of the field until they are destroyed or removed from the field.
Offer this face-up card as a Tribute to select 1 Fiend-Type monster and increase its ATK and DEF by 700 points as long as it remains face-up on the field.
If you Tribute Summon a monster by offering this monster as a Tribute, Special Summon 1 "Skull Knight #2" from your Deck in face-up Attack or Defense Position. Your Deck is then shuffled.
When this card is

########
Rank: 24
Score: 26.410843
Retrieved Text: Rowdy by nature, fighting against strong opponents fires it up. Possessing great physical abilities as well as a sturdy fist, it always seeks for opportunities to test its power.
I'ma punch your body in with a bam!
Eri's Buddy Appmon. It has the personality of a gentle giant.
An action game app Appmon.
It loves Eri. It respects Gatchmon as its "Aniki".
This profile matches the one used on the Toei Animation site, except for different paragraphing.
It is rambunctious by nature, so it loves fighting powerful opponents!
Possessing great physical abilities as well as a sturdy fist, it always seeks for opportunities to test his power. Its Special Move is Dokkan Punch.
An action game (Game attribute) Appmon. Rowdy by nature, fighting against strong opponents fires him up. Possessing great physical abilities as well as a sturdy fist, it always seeks for opportunities to test his power.
Doka (ドカッ) is an onomatopoeia for the sound of punching.
3.2.2 Appli Monsters: Appmon Academy!!
Dokkan Punch  Booming Punch ドッカンパンチ Dokkan Panchi A powerful, fiery punch.
ドカドカラッシュ Doka Doka Rasshu Flies at the enemy with a flurry of punches.
Dokamon with Eri in Digimon Universe Appli Monsters.
Dokamon is the Buddy Appmon of Karan Eri.
Debuts in I'll Dokkan Punch Your Heart! Eri is an Appmon Idol!.
The stronger the opponent, the more heated this rough brawler gets.
A close combat fighter with great confidence in its powerful fists.
A combat warrior with great physical ability, it is always testing the limits of its power.
Rowdy by nature, fighting against strong opponents fires it up. Possessing great physical abilities as well as sturdy fists, it is

########
Rank: 25
Score: 26.390734
Retrieved Text: Over the course of his Senate career and continuing into the Obama administration, Kennedy continued his efforts to enact universal health care, which he called the "cause of my life." By the later years of his life, Kennedy had come to be viewed as a major figure and spokesman for American progressivism.
In 2008, Kennedy was hospitalized after suffering a seizure and was diagnosed with a malignant brain tumor, which limited his appearances in the Senate.
As he said many times, in many parts of this nation, to those he touched and who sought to touch him: "Some men see things as they are and say why.
I dream things that never were and say why not." At the chaotic August 1968 Democratic National Convention, Mayor of Chicago Richard J.
John asked to be the newborn's godfather, a request his parents honored, though they did not agree to his request to name the baby George Washington Kennedy (the newborn had entered the world on the first president's 200th birthday); they named him after their father's assistant instead.
The plane crashed into an apple orchard in the western Massachusetts town of Southampton on the final approach to the Barnes Municipal Airport in Westfield. should tell South Vietnam, "Shape up or we're going to ship out." Once Eugene Mc Carthy's strong showing in the New Hampshire primary led to Robert's presidential campaign starting in March 1968, Ted recruited political leaders for endorsements to his brother in the Western states.
I was going to be a fashion nun the rest of my life.
There are generations

########
Rank: 26
Score: 26.381237
Retrieved Text: It’s dusk and the promenade is rain-licked and grey. The flat expanse of concrete curls clean along the lip of the sea, which is punching great cold fists of water against it in a frenzy of February cold.
Down along the seafront at intermittent intervals the concrete dips down to face the sea; a moment for boats departing or waves arriving. There, the fist of the sea claws at the incline like it would smash it to shingle and drag it under.
And there, standing perfectly still, just against the sea, are a couple; ramrod straight. He is arms crossed and bespectacled. She is small and domestic; a biscuit-baking denizen of the middle-class kitchen.
And there, just where the waves claw over the wall and send flumes of foam and saline in an ejaculate of Neptune’s frustration fast towards them, are their children. He is about five and his sister, her hair a tangle of cold salt and seaweed, about eight.
They are facing the waves and every time one catches the declining wall to rear up its frothy head, it drenches them; violent and chill viridian. They are braced against the wall and welcoming each assault of the ocean with glee; elemental, dancing in joy and freezing cold against the grey sky.
Their father turns fractionally towards me and inclines his head very gently, expressionless. His posture is grave, his rationality impeccable and gravity irreproachable. Just the faintest of grins twisting at the corner of his mouth betrays that inside he’s laughing; he’s laughing fit to burst.
For more delightful stuff

########
Rank: 27
Score: 26.353119
Retrieved Text: He falls to the ground into to ever-growing pool of blood. His hands tighten into fists as he forces himself to all fours before a savage boot is launched into his side, sending him back to the ground once more.
Darrius gently places a boot onto one of Lucas’ hands and slowly increases the pressure until the sound on snapping bone and ripping flesh escape from beneath it. Lucas tightly squeezes his lips together, twisting his face in pain.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 26.306627
Retrieved Text: In film, the big difference between pastiche and homage is the underlying attitude towards an original source. Pastiche – often a lazy assemblage of genre elements – is aimed at mocking something the filmmaker feels superior to (like the recent Disco Exorcist). Homage, on the other hand, arises from admiration for the source, respect and even love. The debut of writer-director RZA falls into the latter category.
Given that RZA was one of the founders on the Wu-Tang Clan, named after one of the two primary classes of Chinese martial arts (the other being Shaolin), it’s not surprising that he displays a deep knowledge and affection for traditional Chinese martial arts movies in The Man With the Iron Fists. Although shot in English, everything about the movie feels authentic. It has that gaudily colourful, slightly grainy look of ’70s Chinese action movies; the fights are superbly choreographed by the great Corey Yuen and filmed with a respect for the action rather than obscured by excessive editing. The characters are larger-than-life in that operatic way which is a mark of the genre.
The complicated plot involves a large shipment of imperial gold which is to pass through Jungle Village with the protection of the Lion Clan. But the ambitious Silver Lion (Byron Man) has other plans and assassinates leader Gold Lion (Kuan Tai Chen), intending to hijack the gold with the help of the sinister Poison Dagger (Daniel Wu). The action centres around the elegant local brothel run by Madam Blossom (Lucy Liu), where the mysterious European Jack Knife

########
Rank: 29
Score: 26.089903
Retrieved Text: The Goliath Fechtbuch (MS German Quarto 2020) is a German fencing manual created between 1510 and 1520. The original currently rests in the holdings of the Biblioteka Jagiellońska in Kraków, Poland. Zabinski speculates based on a number of factors that it was commissioned for Maximilian I (1459-1519), a well-known aficionado of military texts. The manuscript appears to have at least three different scribes, but uses a single artist throughout. It is generally nicknamed "Goliath" due to the depiction of the Biblical confrontation between David and the giant Goliath on the inside cover. The reason for the inclusion of this painting is entirely unclear, but it may be an allusion to the size of the swords depicted in the illustrations of unarmored long sword fencing.
The Goliath Fechtbuch is a compilation text consisting of treatises on a variety of martial topics by several different masters, most of whom who stood in the tradition of the grand master Johannes Liechtenauer. The first several sections include elaborately painted illustrations, but the images cease abruptly toward the beginning of the section on armored fencing, with the final few illustrations being merely rough line drawings. This in addition to the presence of blank spaces through the rest of the manuscript seems to suggest that additional illustrations were planned but never completed (perhaps due to the emperor's death).
Written between 1510 and 1520 in southern Germany, possibly commissioned by Maximilian I or a member of the Imperial court.
before 1564 – partially copied by Lienhart Sollinger into a manuscript included in the Codex I.6.2º.2.
before 1923

================



======= Instance Index 626 =========
Input Text: The word "tilt" has multiple meanings. Does it have the same meaning in sentences 1 and 2? Yes or no?

Sentence 1: The court's tilt toward conservative rulings.
Sentence 2: The tower had a pronounced tilt.

Target Text: No

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 47.687717
Retrieved Text: (verb): To incline or bend from a vertical position.
(verb): Charge with a tilt.
(verb): Move sideways or in an unsteady way.
(noun): Pitching dangerously to one side.
(noun): The property possessed by a line or surface that departs from the vertical.
Example: "The tower had a pronounced tilt"
(noun): A combat between two mounted knights tilting against each other with blunted lances.
(noun): A slight but noticeable partiality.
Example: "The court's tilt toward conservative rulings"
(noun): A contentious speech act; a dispute where there is strong disagreement.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 34.61891
Retrieved Text: WASHINGTON - Presidential elections and judicial selections matter, the Supreme Court demonstrated Monday in a series of 5-4 rulings that underlined the court's move to the right.
President Bush filled two high court openings early in his second term with Chief Justice John Roberts and Justice Samuel Alito. They wrote the main opinions in rulings that relaxed rules on corporate and union political spending, limited students' speech and shielded the White House faith-based program from legal challenge.
Five justices - Roberts, Alito, Anthony Kennedy, Antonin Scalia and Clarence Thomas - formed the majority in each decision. The court's four liberals, Stephen Breyer, Ruth Bader Ginsburg, David Souter and John Paul Stevens, dissented each time.
Kennedy, the only justice in the majority in all 21 of the court's 5-4 decisions this term, has voted with his conservative colleagues more often in recent close cases.
Democratic presidential candidate John Edwards was among those who bemoaned the court's rightward tilt.
The court "is moving the right wing's agenda faster than we've seen in decades - slamming the courthouse doors in the faces of ordinary people, favoring big businesses over civil rights and undermining protections for women and the environment."
But White House spokeswoman Dana Perino said Monday's decisions included a loss for the administration in the campaign finance case.
"The president's position is that in any case you're going to have someone who loses and someone who wins, but we can all be confident that we have fantastic Supreme Court justices. These are the type of people that the president wanted to have on the bench,"

########
Rank: 2
Score: 30.715508
Retrieved Text: (verb): To incline or bend from a vertical position.
(verb): Charge with a tilt.
(verb): Move sideways or in an unsteady way.
(noun): Pitching dangerously to one side.
(noun): The property possessed by a line or surface that departs from the vertical.
Example: "The tower had a pronounced tilt"
(noun): A combat between two mounted knights tilting against each other with blunted lances.
(noun): A slight but noticeable partiality.
Example: "The court's tilt toward conservative rulings"
(noun): A contentious speech act; a dispute where there is strong disagreement.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 27.834578
Retrieved Text: The court's order reflected a split among its conservative justices and an accusation from Justice Clarence Thomas that his colleagues seemed to be ducking the case for political reasons. New Justice Brett Kavanaugh was among the justices who opted not to hear the case.
The two states were appealing lower court rulings that had blocked them from withholding money that is used for health services for low-income women. The money is not used for abortions. Abortion opponents have said Planned Parenthood should not receive any government money because of heavily edited videos that claimed to show the nation's largest abortion provider profiting from sales of fetal tissue for medical research.
The dispute at the high court has nothing to do with abortion, as Thomas pointed out in a dissent that was joined by Justices Samuel Alito and Neil Gorsuch. Kavanaugh's decision not to join the three justices was his first discernible vote on the court. Had he or Chief Justice John Roberts voted to hear the case, there would have been the four votes necessary to set the case for arguments.
"So what explains the court's refusal to do its job here? I suspect it has something to do with the fact that some respondents in these cases are named 'Planned Parenthood.' That makes the Court's decision particularly troubling, as the question presented has nothing to do with abortion," Thomas wrote.
Catherine Glenn Foster, president and CEO of the anti-abortion Americans United for Life, said the court should have heard the case. "But the good news is that there are

########
Rank: 4
Score: 27.0311
Retrieved Text: The contrast is stark. Conservative versus liberal Justices. The number of dissents last term. Both writing dissents and casting votes in dissent. The conservative Justices didn't dissent nearly as frequently as the liberal Justices did. They apparently had much less to complain about. Chief Justice Roberts, and Justices Scalia, Thomas and Alito were apparently much happier with the Court's decisions than were Justices Stevens, Souter, Ginsburg and Breyer.
As reflected quite vividly in Graph 1, the liberal Justices authored nearly twice as many dissenting opinions as did the conservatives. And the liberal Justices cast more than 1 and 1/2 times as many votes in dissent as did the conservatives. Total dissenting opinions: liberals 54, conservatives 29. Total dissenting votes: liberals 105, conservatives 66.
So it's clear who's winning the battle of dissents. But, of course, that also means it's clear who must be winning the battle of majority opinions. Winning the battle of decisions. Winning the battle of winning at the Court. The conservatives.
Back to the flip side for the liberals. They were dissenting much more. Complaining much more about the Court's decisions. Losing much more. Without looking at a single individual decision, these numbers say a lot about how the liberals and the conservatives fared last term. About the state of the Court and its case law last term.
In the previous post on New York Court Watcher, we looked at the number of dissenting opinions written last term by each Justice. (See Supreme Court: Dissents 2008-09 Term, or Who's Been Complaining?, Sept. 15, 2009.) Now let's look

########
Rank: 5
Score: 26.139412
Retrieved Text: PLEASE TAKE NOTICE THAT at 9:00 a.m., on August 27, 2007, before the Honorable M. Lynn Duryee, in Department L of this Court, located at the Marin County Superior Court, Hall of Justice, 3501 Civic Center Drive, San Rafael California 94903, plaintiff Church of Scientology International, will and hereby does move for reinstatement of the sentences of contempt issued against defendant Gerald Armstrong, and for the issuance of a warrant for his arrest.
records in this action and any argument which may be presented at the hearing thereon.
Gerald Armstrong has repeatedly been held in contempt of this Court's orders over the past 10 years. Warrants were issued for his arrest, but he fled the jurisdiction and thumbed his nose at the Court's rulings.
In April 2004, this Court again found Armstrong in contempt for further violations of Court orders, however, discharged the warrants pending against him and ordered that the jail time imposed on the prior citations be deemed served. Armstrong took this as vindication and asserted he was thereafter free to flaunt the Court's orders, stated the Court was powerless to restrain him, and proceeded to act accordingly.
Plaintiff thus appealed this Court's ruling, which was reversed in part by the Court of Appeals. Armstrong sought certiorari from the California Supreme Court, and that too was denied.
While plaintiff hoped these rulings would result in Armstrong obeying the Court's orders, he continues to flaunt the law and brags that he need not and will not comply.
As the only means available to attempt to acquire compliance, plaintiff accordingly moves for

########
Rank: 6
Score: 25.855204
Retrieved Text: The court in Strasbourg ruled that the house-arrest order had not been justified and noted that it was apparent that Navalny had been treated in that way in order to curtail his public activities. It ordered Russia to pay Navalny 20,000 euros ($22,550) in damages.
Putin's spokesman, Dmitry Peskov, said the Kremlin disagrees with the ruling, adding that it will be up to the Russian Justice Ministry to take the necessary action. Russia could appeal the verdict to the court's highest chamber.
It's the second time that the court has ruled against Russia in a matter of months. Last November, the court's highest chamber found that Russian authorities violated multiple human rights in detaining Navalny seven times from 2012 to 2014, and that two of the arrests were expressly aimed at "suppressing political pluralism."
It ordered Russia to pay Navalny 63,000 euros in damages, and called on Russia to fix legislation to "take due regard of the fundamental importance of the right to peaceful assembly."
Russia is obliged to carry out the court's rulings, which enforce the European Convention on Human Rights, but it has delayed implementing past rulings from the court and argued against them as encroaching on Russian judicial sovereignty.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 25.775066
Retrieved Text: Private businesses in Europe can forbid Muslim women in their employ from wearing headscarves if the ban is part of a policy of neutrality within the company and not a sign of prejudice against a particular religion, the European Court of Justice said Tuesday.
Such a ban doesn't constitute what Europe's high court calls "direct discrimination."
The conclusion by the highest court in the 28-nation European Union was in response to two cases brought by a Belgian and a French woman, both fired for refusing to remove their headscarves. It clarifies a long-standing question about whether partial bans by some countries on religious symbols can include the workplace.
The court's response fed right into the French presidential campaign, bolstering the platforms of far-right leader Marine Le Pen, a leading contender in the spring election who wants to do away with all "ostentatious" religious symbols in the name of secularism, and conservative Francois Fillon, who hailed the court's decisions. France already bans headscarves and other religious symbols in classrooms as well as face-covering veils in streets.
However, critics quickly voiced fears that the decision risks becoming a setback to all working Muslim women.
"Today's disappointing rulings ... give greater leeway to employers to discriminate against women — and men — on the grounds of religious belief," said a statement by Amnesty International. "At a time when identity and appearance has become a political battleground, people need more protection against prejudice, not less."
The Open Society Justice Initiative, which submitted a brief supporting the women, expressed disappointment.
"The group's policy officer, Maryam Hmadoum, contended that

########
Rank: 8
Score: 25.184284
Retrieved Text: FindACase | Barabin v. Scapa Dryer Fabrics, Inc.
Barabin v. Scapa Dryer Fabrics, Inc.
SCAPA DRYER FABRICS, INC., et al., Defendants.
Ms. Barabin's counsel James Nevin sponsored Exhibit 176 with the statement that Mr. Sayers subsequently worked at Scapa and thus, his knowledge about the hazards of asbestos dust-evidenced by Mr. Sayer's 1967 report-accompanied him to Scapa. Thus, Mr. Nevin sponsored Exhibit 176 to demonstrate Scapa's knowledge of the hazards of asbestos dust. The court ruled that it would not allow the admission of Exhibit 176 because it is third-party hearsay, but the court allowed testimony regarding the historical availability of literature detailing the hazards of asbestos at the time.
After the court's rulings on the various exhibits, Mr. Nevin called Dr. Richard Cohen, who testified to the historical record of the public knowledge regarding the hazards of asbestos. Dr. Cohen did not discuss Exhibit 176.
Later that afternoon, Mr. Nevin read portions of a deposition previously taken of Scapa corporate representative, Ivan Fearnhead. Mr. Fearnhead was asked in his deposition about Mr. Sayers and Mr. Sayers's report-the same document that the court excluded as Exhibit 176. As part of his reading, Mr. Nevin quoted portions of Mr. Sayers's report to the jury, stating that mesothelioma can occur in people after a brief exposure and may even occur after a single exposure. Scapa objected. The court sustained the objection and struck the testimony.
Mr. Nevin's reading of Exhibit 176 directly contradicts two of the court's earlier rulings: (1) the court's Daubert order on causation, which held that experts who would testify that

########
Rank: 9
Score: 25.18407
Retrieved Text: WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A U.S. Supreme Court ruling that struck down the overall cap on federal election contributions is sending ripples across American politics, as states have begun backing away from their own restrictions on donations and lawyers are forecasting a new wave of challenges to campaign finance laws nationwide.
The court's 5-4 ruling on Wednesday was unsettling for many Washington fundraisers, donors and lobbyists who were comfortable with federal rules that had limited total donations to candidates and party groups to $123,200 in the 2014 election cycle.
Now, thanks to the court's decision in McCutcheon v. Federal Election Commission, donors who are able to give millions of dollars to candidates and their parties will see their influence expanded - much as it was by a 2010 ruling that inspired the creation of independent "Super PACs" and other groups that could receive unlimited donations.
Both rulings are part of a series of decisions by the conservative-led Supreme Court that have given big-money donors more influence in U.S. elections.
Republicans, who generally favor lifting finance limits, have praised the rulings as a boost to political free speech. Democrats, who typically argue for tighter restrictions based on concerns that the wealthy otherwise could have undue influence over American politics, have criticized the court's ruling.
On Thursday, there was a sense in both parties that Republicans and other boosters of free spending in elections not only were winning the legal war over campaign finance, but were likely to keep winning it.
The Supreme Court's ruling a day earlier dealt with federal election laws, but 12

########
Rank: 10
Score: 24.966324
Retrieved Text: III. The U.S. Supreme Court's Intervention and Per Curiam Rulings on the Merits, and the Negative Effect Thereof.
The falsity of this pivotal assertion was subsequently attested to by a distinguished member of the Florida Supreme Court, Justice Leander J. Shaw, Jr., whose rebuke to the U.S. Supreme Court majority is especially noteworthy in that Justice Shaw was one of the 3 Florida Supreme Court justices who dissented in the Florida Supreme Court's 4-3 ruling in favor of Albert Gore on December 8, 2000; viz.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 24.883535
Retrieved Text: The U.S. Supreme Court, in two 5-to-4 rulings roughly a decade ago, determined that the Second Amendment enshrines an individual constitutional right to the possession of a firearm at home for self-defense, inviolable by federal, state or municipal law. However, the court left the precise scope of this right, and of permissible regulation, undefined — even as it noted that long-standing prohibitions such as gun possession by, or sales to, felons could stand.
In the interim, legislatures and courts at all levels have reached a variety of conclusions as to what gun measures are necessary, appropriate and constitutional — without further guidance from the justices.
For those of us who advocate sensible restrictions, the court's abstention left open the hope that its Second Amendment jurisprudence would leave room for robust regulation — especially necessary in response to the plague of mass shootings — and the fear that it would not.
Now comes new reason for concern in the form of the court's decision Tuesday to hear its first major Second Amendment case since 2010. At issue is a New York City law that prohibits most licensed gun owners from taking their weapons anywhere outside their homes, except to an authorized practice range within the five boroughs. Opponents portray this as an odious burden on their Second Amendment rights and their freedom to travel that irrationally prevents them from, say, taking a gun for protection to a second home upstate.
True, the rule does draw an arbitrary line between a firing range in Staten Island and another in Fort Lee, New

########
Rank: 12
Score: 24.66738
Retrieved Text: The United States Immigration and Naturalization Service (INS) appealed the district court's rulings that § 236(c) of the Immigration and Nationality Act, 8 U.S.C. § 1226(c), (INA) was unconstitutional as violative of both substantive and procedural due process. On appeal, we affirmed the district court's rulings. Relying heavily upon Zadvydas v. Davis, 533 U.S. 678 (2001), we concluded "that the government has failed to show special justifications for the mandatory detention provision contained in § 236(c) which are sufficient to outweigh a lawful permanent resident alien's constitutionally protected liberty interest in avoiding physical restraint without an individualized determination of flight risk or danger to the public." Hoang v. Comfort, 282 F.3d 1247, 1260 (10th Cir. 2002). The United States Supreme Court granted a writ of certiorari, vacated our judgments, and remanded the matters to us for further consideration in light of Demore v. Kim, 123 S. Ct. 1708 (2003).
In Demore, the Supreme Court reviewed Kim v. Ziglar, 276 F. 3d 523 (9th Cir. 2002) (which held § 236(c) violated substantive due process as applied to Kim because INS "has not provided a 'special justification' for no-bail civil detention sufficient to overcome a lawful permanent resident alien's liberty interest on an individualized determination of flight risk and dangerousness" (276 F.3d at 535)). The Demore Court, distinguishing its opinion in Zadvydas, held "that Congress, justifiably concerned that deportable criminal aliens who are not detained continue to engage in crime and fail to appear for their removal hearings in large numbers, may require that persons such as [Kim] be

########
Rank: 13
Score: 23.417145
Retrieved Text: Pivotal votes cast by U.S. Chief Justice John Roberts in abortion and death penalty cases have underscored his new standing as the Supreme Court's ideological center and the outsized role he may play in major rulings for years to come. The soccer player contacted friends from a flight that later vanished over the English Channel, saying the aircraft seemed to be falling to pieces.
Virginia Governor Ralph Northam made his first public appearance on Saturday since defying calls a week ago to step down over a racist yearbook photograph, as his potential successor, a fellow Democrat, resisted growing pressure to quit over sexual assault allegations. In this weeks episode, Saru faces an almost certain death, and the writers end up cheating the audience.
Canadian private equity firm Brookfield Asset Management is in preliminary talks with India's Reliance Industries to buy a stake in its optical fibre and telecom tower assets, The Times of India newspaper reported on Friday.
After church officials urged her to stay silent for more than a year, a nun who says the bishop raped her 13 times finally sees her case move toward trial.
The artists light projection piece, which focused on gun violence, was slated to appear during the desert exhibitions opening weekend.
In a wide-open year, how can each of the eight contenders win? We show you.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 23.360273
Retrieved Text: President Franklin D. Roosevelt, for example, picked justices such as William O. Douglas when the New Deal was hot. They ended up three decades later deciding issues relating to civil rights and the Vietnam War; Douglas was on the court until 1975.
Other predictions can go awry once a lifetime tenured justice joins the court. Souter, himself, is a prime example. Former Republican Sen. Warren Rudman of New Hampshire, Souter's main political patron, famously assured then-President George H.W. Bush that the largely unknown Souter would be a reliably conservative vote.
Instead, Souter earned the ire of conservative activists by frequently joining liberals Ruth Bader Ginsburg, John Paul Stevens, and Stephen Breyer on decisions.
Souter's own Supreme Court hero, Oliver Wendell Holmes Jr., became famous for angering President Theodore Roosevelt by opposing Roosevelt's trust-busting powers.
"Justice Souter's political legacy is that Republicans felt he betrayed the conservative cause," noted Goodwin Liu, a former Supreme Court clerk, who now teaches at the University of California's Berkeley Law School.
Souter's replacement is virtually certain to confront crucial national security issues including ongoing questions over U.S. treatment of detainees. The new justice will likewise face an ongoing shift in how much power the federal government may have relative to the states.
Executive power disputes are not only certain, but also will frequently defy conventional liberal versus conservative stereotypes. For instance, Obama and Solicitor General Elena Kagan, who's been mentioned as a potential replacement for Souter, are both sympathetic to robust executive branch powers that some liberals fear.
In other cases, the Supreme Court will have to provide

########
Rank: 15
Score: 23.29452
Retrieved Text: On behalf of Pines Bach posted in 2016 News on Monday, October 10, 2016.
Attorney Diane Welsh recently won a series of important rulings for Medicaid providers. The Wisconsin State Journal recognized the significance of the Waukesha County Circuit Court's findings by publishing an article about the matter in its Sunday edition. The story by David Wahlberg can be read on the newspaper's main site, or by clicking here.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 23.178408
Retrieved Text: It is axiomatic that fighting clandestine terrorist groups requires clandestine methods. Sources and allies must be protected; in preemptive actions the element of surprise must be preserved. Secrets about ongoing investigations cannot be compromised without jeopardizing counterterrorism efforts. It is harder to justify keeping such details secret after the fact. Judgments about the trade-offs between privacy and safety cannot be made unless the American people know what the government has done in our name. Even if everything the government does to combat terrorism is technically legal, not everything legal is prudent, wise, or morally justified.
Whenever conservatives on the court have had the opportunity to tilt the playing field toward their own side, they have done so. And in other recent cases, the court has weakened the capacity of Americans to take on corporate power. The conservative majority seems determined to bring us back to the Gilded Age of the 1890s.
The voting rights decision should be seen as following a pattern set by the rulings in Bush v. Gore in 2000 and Citizens United in 2010.
Bush v. Gore had the effect of installing the conservatives’ choice in the White House and allowed him to influence the court’s subsequent direction with his appointments of Roberts and Justice Samuel Alito.
Citizens United swept aside a tradition going back to the Progressive Era -- and to the Founders’ deep concern over political corruption -- by vastly increasing the power of corporate and monied interests in the electoral sphere.
Tuesday’s Shelby County v. Holder ruling will make it far more difficult for African-Americans

########
Rank: 17
Score: 23.170593
Retrieved Text: Annotation: This chapter from a sourcebook dealing with prisoners' rights focuses on first amendment rights of inmates as structured by Supreme Court and lower court rulings.
Abstract: The Supreme Court first attempted to resolve the merits of first amendment claims pressed by prison inmates in 1974. In Procunier v. Martinez, the Court was asked to determine the constitutionality of several restrictions on personal correspondence between inmates and free persons. The California Corrections Department screened mail, withheld materials deemed obscene or inflammatory, and disciplined prisoners who wrote such letters. In this case, the Supreme Court held that these censorship regulations violated the first amendment, but not because they infringed on the rights of prison inmates. Instead, they were held to be constitutionally objectionable because they unduly limited the first amendment rights of free persons to correspond with prisoners. The Court's test requires lower courts to scrutinize prison regulations to determine whether the regulation furthers a substantial governmental interest and whether the limitation of first amendment freedoms is no greater than necessary to protect the particular governmental interest. The Supreme Court's ruling in Pell v. Procunier (1974) unequivocally recognized that prisoners do retain first amendment rights, despite incarceration, and attempted to define the scope of those rights. Lower courts have not been consistent in their application of principles articulated by the Supreme Court in these decisions. Thus, the Supreme Court should try to clarify its first amendment analysis in the prison context. In the interim, the Martinez and Pell rulings provide an appropriate framework for use by courts and

########
Rank: 18
Score: 22.965197
Retrieved Text: It said juries, not judges, must evaluate the factors that can lengthen a prison term.
WASHINGTON - The Supreme Court, its new chief justice joining the majority, made clear yesterday that juries, not judges, must determine facts that justify harsher prison sentences.
In a 6-3 ruling, the court struck down California's Determinate Sentencing Law, the latest in a series of decisions limiting judges' discretion in sentencing.
Thousands of California inmates may be eligible to have their sentences reduced, in many cases by about a year.
"This court has repeatedly held that, under the Sixth Amendment, any fact that exposes a defendant to a greater potential sentence must be found by the jury, not a judge, and established beyond a reasonable doubt, not merely by a preponderance of the evidence," Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg wrote for the court.
The majority was one vote larger than the 5-4 rulings that have been the norm in sentencing cases. In his first major case dealing with the constitutionality of prison terms, Chief Justice John Roberts joined Ginsburg's majority opinion.
By contrast, the other new justice, former federal prosecutor Samuel Alito, issued a strong dissent. California's law "is indistinguishable in any constitutionally significant respect" from the federal sentencing guidelines that have been approved by the Supreme Court.
Justices Stephen G. Breyer and Anthony M. Kennedy also dissented.
Several states have changed their sentencing laws to require prosecutors to prove to a jury aggravating factors that could lead to longer sentences. The court did not prescribe a way to fix the California law. "The ball lies in California's court," Ginsburg

########
Rank: 19
Score: 22.879948
Retrieved Text: Would striking down ObamaCare hurt the Supreme Court's credibility?
After three days of intense debate, President Obama's sweeping overhaul of the health-care system is now in the hands of nine black-robed justices. The Supreme Court's conservative judges clearly expressed their doubts about the law's constitutionality, leaving Obama's supporters fretting about ObamaCare's fate and the president's re-election chances. Meanwhile, liberals are warning that a decision by a conservative court to strike down a Democratic president's top domestic priority would hurt the court's credibility, cementing the perception that the law's scales are being tipped by politics, not justice. Is the Supreme Court's integrity at stake?
Yes. A blow to ObamaCare is a blow to the court: If the court's five conservatives take ObamaCare down, critics will accuse them "of rigging the game and covering their power play with constitutional doublespeak," says Glenn Thrush at Politico. The decision "will further erode the ideal of the court as an impartial arbiter," and make a mockery of Chief Justice John Roberts' claim that the court is a neutral "umpire" calling balls and strikes.
And it would represent judicial activism at its worst: The ObamaCare arguments plainly revealed that the "conservative justices are prepared to act as an alternate legislature," says E.J. Dionne at The Washington Post. Apparently, they've forgotten that "legislative power is supposed to rest in our government's elected branches." If the Supremes strike down ObamaCare, the court "will prove conclusively that it sees no limits on its power, no need to defer to those elected to make our laws." Instead of giving

########
Rank: 20
Score: 22.833773
Retrieved Text: Washington officials are considering a special legislative session after the state Supreme Court issued daily fines a of $100,000 until lawmakers comply with a court order to improve the way the state pays for its basic education system.
Thursday's order, signed by all nine justices of the high court, ordered that the fine start immediately, and be put into a dedicated education account.
The court encouraged Gov. Jay Inslee to call a special session, saying that if the Legislature complies with the court's previous rulings for the state to deliver a plan to fully fund education, the penalties accrued during a special session would be refunded.
Inslee and legislative leaders are set to meet Monday in Seattle discuss what next steps the state should take.
"There is much that needs to be done before a special session can be called," Inslee said in a statement. "I will ask lawmakers to do that work as quickly as humanly possible so that they can step up to our constitutional and moral obligations to our children and lift the court sanctions."
The ruling was the latest development in a long-running impasse between lawmakers and justices, who in 2012 ruled that the state is failing to meet its constitutional duty to pay for the cost of basic education for its 1 million schoolchildren.
Thomas Ahearne, an attorney for the plaintiffs, said that the court's action "is long overdue."
"The state has known for many, many years that it's violating the constitutional rights of our public school kids," Ahearne said. "And the state has been told by the

########
Rank: 21
Score: 22.607355
Retrieved Text: This article considers recent ECJ judgments addressing the definition of a refugee found in the 2004 refugee qualification Directive, itself heavily drawing on the 1951 Geneva Convention Relating to the Status of Refugees. Refugee law is a relatively new area of competence for the EU; these cases represent the emergence of a jurisprudence on refugee law and the Geneva Convention. An outline of the relevant decisions is given and their mixed reception, from the perspective of the Court's sensitivity to international refugee law is highlighted. It is argued that these cases can best be explained with reference to the nature of the EU's competence in relation to refugee law and the political factors involved. The article then highlights the potentially crucial role of the ECJ in shaping global standards of refugee law, due to both the predominant crucial role of judicial interpretation in the development of the Geneva Convention, and the powerful force of the Court's rulings thanks to their binding nature and the primacy of Union law.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 22.577639
Retrieved Text: Affirmed: Where the reviewing court basically agrees with the result of the lower courts ruling(s).
Reversed: Where the reviewing court basically disagrees with the result of the lower courts ruling(s), and overturns their decision.
Remanded: Where the reviewing court sends the case back to the lower court.
There can be multiple outcomes, so that the reviewing court can affirm some rulings, reverse others and remand the case all at the same time. Remand is not required where there is nothing left to do in the case. "Generally speaking, an appellate court's judgment provides 'the final directive of the appeals courts as to the matter appealed, setting out with specificity the court's determination that the action appealed from should be affirmed, reversed, remanded or modified'".
Some reviewing courts who have discretionary review may send a case back without comment other than review improvidently granted. In other words, after looking at the case, they chose not to say anything. The result for the case of review improvidently granted is effectively the same as affirmed, but without that extra higher court stamp of approval.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 22.402468
Retrieved Text: WASHINGTON—In split rulings, the Supreme Court reached a Solomonic compromise Monday on government displays of the Ten Commandments that advocates on both sides of the issue decried as adding "mud to murky water."
The justices struck down displays in two Kentucky courthouses, saying their intent and purpose were explicitly religious and therefore at odds with constitutional protections against government-sponsored proselytizing.
But the court upheld a 44-year-old display on the Texas Capitol grounds, saying its history and context were sufficiently nonreligious to avoid conflict, no matter what its original purpose or intent.
The rulings, both 5-4 and accompanied by biting dissents, conform to the court's long history of confusing—and seemingly contradictory—rulings on church and state matters.
Monday's Ten Commandments rulings placed the justices in the center of a contentious social debate.
The Supreme Court hadn't dealt with a case involving the Ten Commandments in a quarter-century. But as secular interests have challenged such displays in courthouses and other public spaces around the country, religious conservatives have tried to assert the country's Christian heritage.
Writing for the court in the Kentucky case, Justice David Souter said it was similar insistence on the part of officials in two counties that constitutionally doomed their Commandments displays.
The officials initially posted the Commandments, alone, in the courthouses, saying they were "the precedent legal code" for the state. After the displays were challenged in court, the officials changed them to include other historical documents and largely dropped their assertions about the religious roots of American law.
When the displays were challenged a second time, the officials changed them again by

########
Rank: 24
Score: 22.287224
Retrieved Text: Parental Alienation comes with life long consequences for the child, in every case.
Alienator refuses to allow children to attend sleepovers with friends accusing friends parents of abuse.
Truth is in a man's actions, not in someone else's blind accusations.
The alienating parent made the other parent disappear. They don't believe the targeted parent can rescue them, the alienating parent is ALL they have left.
As an advocate for fathers against family court's anti-father rulings. They unintentionally obscure the real tyranny that fathers face.
Participant Demographics and Characteristics .
#HumanRights #CivilLiberties #Corporatism: How a #FreeMarket Inevitably Produces #Dictatorship!

########
Rank: 25
Score: 22.218723
Retrieved Text: Home » Browse » Newspapers » U.S. Newspapers » Pittsburgh Post-Gazette (Pittsburgh, PA) » Article details, "Supreme Court's Move to Reveal Voting Rights..."
The Obama White House won't name a new attorney general or issue an executive order on immigration until after the Nov. 4 midterm elections. But other federal government branches are also delaying politically explosive decisions.
Before going home to campaign, Congress sidetracked a number of divisive measures. So, too, has the Supreme Court. Recently, it allowed restrictive new voter laws requiring photo IDs to be used this year, including the controversial Texas measure a lower court just ruled unconstitutional and North Carolina and Ohio laws limiting early voting. But those rulings were short-term; its ultimate verdict on their legality is some months off.
Reaching that decision should force the justices to confront increasing evidence their 2013 decision invalidating a key section of the Voting Rights Act opened the way for Republican governors and legislatures to pass laws making voting more difficult for minorities in the name of curbing non-existing voter fraud.
Two recent opinions make a powerful argument these laws are designed less to minimize fraud than to achieve political ends. Especially compelling is the fact they were written by two judges with dissimilar backgrounds who reached quite similar conclusions.
One was the 147-page ruling by U.S. District Judge Nelva Gonzales Ramos of Corpus Christi, an appointee of President Barack Obama, declaring the Texas voter ID law is "an unconstitutional burden on the right to vote," discriminates against Hispanics and African- Americans, and is, in effect, "an unconstitutional

########
Rank: 26
Score: 22.202845
Retrieved Text: IS the Supreme Court reneging on America's commitment to end racial discrimination? That question, which has been raised with growing frequency in recent years during the court's tilt to the right, is being asked anew in light of decisions handed down during the term that ended this month.
It would be ironic if the Supreme Court were leading a retreat on civil rights, because the modern civil rights era began, for practical purposes, with the court's 1954 ruling in Brown v. Board of Education. In Brown, the high court both laid the constitutional foundation for the civil rights movement and presented what still is white America's most eloquent statement of the moral imperative for racial equality.
But in a series of decisions dating back at least to 1989, the Supreme Court has seemed to imply that laws intended to eliminate racial bias and remedy its historical effects have gone too far, or at least have veered off course. The court has restricted racial set-aside programs for government contractors, raised barriers to job-discrimination lawsuits, eased the conditions for lifting school-desegregation orders, and hedged the scope of the federal Voting Rights Act.
In two of its most controversial rulings this term, the court said that a black man who was fired from his job couldn't win a discrimination suit without concrete proof of racial bias, even though he proved that the reasons for the firing given by the employer were false; and it ruled that a bizarre black-majority congressional district in North Carolina drawn by the legislature under the Voting Rights

########
Rank: 27
Score: 22.047413
Retrieved Text: You can write your own review of the E-Z Way Tower.
I purchased my new RBX-70 directly from EZ-WAY back in 1982. The post was set in a huge concrete pier and the tower erected as per instructions. This was a 3 section tower I had dreamed about owning for over 20 years.
The fact is that the tower was terribly designed. There was excessive clearance between sections so that what the tower was even half raised, any light wind would cause the tower to lean and look like a limp pecker. Additionally, you would hear it clanking as the sections would more around due to the excessive clearances. When raised to the maximum height, it was embarrassing to look it. It was not even close to vertical. It was already curved looking like it was getting ready to sag over. I was 100% DISAPPOINTED with my EZ Way tower. It was a huge waste of time and much money. In those days, there was little way for hams to spread the word about defective products since there was no internet or social media. Stay clear of EZ Way towers. They are trouble.
I have had 2 EZ Way towers now...one was my first tower and my son and I dug the wonder pole out in the freezing rain and snow. I planted it the next spring with a TA33. I moved and dug it out again, this time using a Toro Dingo with a 12" auger bit and a nylon strap pulled it straight out with ease and

########
Rank: 28
Score: 22.014742
Retrieved Text: STABILISATION OF Italy's Leaning Tower of Pisa is under threat once again from Italian government bureaucracy.
Successful preliminary work has proved the delicate soil extraction technique being used to stabilise the 14th century monument's foundations. But delays in rubber stamping the necessary legislation mean that the project team has neither the mandate nor the funding to continue.
Professor John Burland of Imperial College London, who is leading the technical team, explained this week that the delays would prevent the team from pressing on with the main stabilisation as no contract can be awarded without new legislation.
Preliminary work saw temporary steel support cables attached to the tower before material was excavated from 12 holes drilled below the central 5m of the foundation to correct the tilt.
Burland said that, so far, the tilt had been reduced by more than 100 arc seconds, five times the original target.
The team needs a further £2-3M to extend the work across the full 20m foundation width. This should reduce the tilt by half a degree, so cutting stress in the masonry by 10%.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 21.74472
Retrieved Text: During construction, the tilt began due to one side of the tower standing on soft ground. It was unable to support the weight and the tilt continued to increase until after the tower was completed in the 14th century. It stands at almost 184 feet on the low side and 186 feet on the high side.
You’d be surprise to know that the tower leaned at a surprising angle of 5.5 degrees back in 1990 so corrective work was done to the tower to stabilized and partially correct the tilt to about 3.97 degrees after 2001.
If you want to see the world from a different perspective, join Photofly Travel Club now.

================



======= Instance Index 133 =========
Input Text: The word "parade" has multiple meanings. Does it have the same meaning in sentences 1 and 2? Yes or no?

Sentence 1: The floats and horses in the parade were impressive, but the marching bands were really amazing.
Sentence 2: She made a parade of her sorrows.

Target Text: No

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 47.553192
Retrieved Text: Previously known as the Britsh Night Watch, this year the monarchs of Spain and Britain have declared a truce. The event is now be known as the Colonial Night Watch and the Torchlight Parade commenced at 7PM from the Castillo to the City Gates. At the City gates, the public was invited to fall in behind the re-enactors for a procession down St. George Street to the Government House. The colorful parade features historic re-enactors representing Spanish and British military units, Native Americans, and Florida militias of the period 1739-1785. Once they reached Government House, participants were greeted with a welcoming speech at the Government House, followed by the firing of the “Volley of Joy” by the soldiers and militia and the singing of traditional Christmas carols to ring in the holiday season. Assembled troops then marched back towards the Taberna Del Caballo and the Bull & Crown Tavern to be dismissed.
St. Augustine’s 61st Annual Christmas Parade ushered in the holiday season with floats, festive decorations and plenty of fun and rain. Lots of local organizations participated in this event, making it one of the largest parades in Northeast Florida. Holiday season decorations adorned all the entries, from floats to marching bands to antique cars and horses and carriages. The crowds were not intimated by the rain and came out to support the parade. Even Santa joined in the spectacle, as visitors and locals alike came down to the Historic District to watch the procession.
The parade began at the Mission of Nombre de Dios at 27

########
Rank: 1
Score: 47.28714
Retrieved Text: The St. Augustine Easter Parade, is the nation’s second oldest Easter Parade. The Parada de los Caballos y Coches (Parade of Horses and Carriages) has celebrated Easter annually since 1956. This is a real hometown parade that welcomes visitors to join in the community’s celebration of the history and culture of the nation’s oldest city.
Spectators lined the streets to watch the marching bands, floats, drill teams, the Easter Bunny, clowns, the Royal Family, Imperial Storm Troopers, and the city’s carriage horses wearing their Easter hats. The parade began at 3:00 p.m. on Easter Sunday, April 16, 2017, stepping off just north of the Mission of Nombre de Dios, heads south on San Marco Ave., continued south along the bayfront on Avenida Menendez, and goes through downtown to finish at the Plaza de la Constitución.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 46.89344
Retrieved Text: Come enjoy Mardi Gras 2017 in some of the smaller towns on the Northshore! On February 12th at 1 PM in Pearl River, a town located next to Slidell, hosts the Krewe of Pearl River Lions Club. This parade was organized in 1953 and its proceeds benefit the LA Lions Eye Foundation and Crippled Children’s Camp. The Krewe of Push Mow takes place on Saturday, February 18th in Abita Springs. This entertaining parade is composed of homemade floats with names related to lawn and yard equipment, goes through the town and meets back at Abita Town Hall for a large party. The town even closes the traffic for the event. Then at 1 PM, Madisonville presents the Krewe of Tchefuncte, a parade consisting of decorated boats that rides down the Tchefuncte River. On Saturday, February 25th, the small town of Bush sponsors a unique unstructured parade in which people can bring their boats, floats, ATV’s and even horses to participate in the parade. Everyone is asked to meet at 8:30 AM and to bring their own throws. Finally, on Mardi Gras Day, February 28, you can see the Krewe of Chahta at 1 PM in Lacombe. The parade is named for the Lacombe high school and is composed of floats, cars, marching bands and horses. The Krewe of Folsom also parades on Mardi Gras Day and is composed of floats, vintage cars and horse-drawn wagons. If you would like additional information on these and other Northshore parades, please click the link that follows: http://www.louisiananorthshore.com/events/annual-events/mardi-gras/.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 46.7567
Retrieved Text: Lining the City streets, residents watch as decorated floats, horses, school groups, clubs and booming marching bands wave to neighbors as they slowly make their way along the parade route. Be sure to stay until the end to get a glimpse of Santa aboard a Germantown fire truck.
In support of the U.S. Marine Reserves Toys-for-Tots organization, uniformed Marines will be a part of the parade in their big truck to collect new, unwrapped toys for children. Let's spread the holiday cheer by filling up their truck!

########
Rank: 4
Score: 46.60713
Retrieved Text: The streets of Silver Spring, Md. were overrun with turkeys, dinosaurs, penguins, and reindeer! No, the zoo hasn’t opened their gates – it is the Annual Montgomery County Thanksgiving Parade! With marching bands, Bolivian dancing groups, floats, giant characters and balloons, and Santa, the Montgomery County Thanksgiving Parade is the only Thanksgiving Parade in the metro DC area.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 46.298737
Retrieved Text: History was made at the 130th annual Rose Parade when Alabama State University became the first Historically Black Colleges and Universities (HBCU) to lead the parade.
Nationally acclaimed, the Mighty Marching Hornets, led by Dr. James B. Oliver, is one of two HBCU marching bands appearing in the 2019 Tournament of Roses Parade in Pasadena, California. The other is the Florida Agriculture & Mechanical University Marching 100. Both bands join 18 other marching bands at the parade.
One of the world’s most popular parades, the Pasadena Tournament of Roses Parade is seen by more than 70 million people in over 150 countries.
“I’m telling everybody, you have to catch the parade from the beginning, said band director, Dr. James Oliver, “otherwise you are going to miss the best band there is”.
In most cases, interested prospects, which also include floats and equestrian units, apply to participate and anxiously await a response from the parade selection committee. Not in the case of ASU.
Oliver called the trip a “dream come true. This is a big after Christmas present for these guys and they are excited they are really excited” he said about his band members.
Thousands of spectators lined the parade route but Oliver and the group also made several other special performances including a stop at a nursing home for seniors that aren’t able to attend the parade. That’s all a part of nearly a week of “unforgettable experiences” Oliver said, that would not be possible without the outpouring of community support.
“It’s not easy to raise $300- or $400,000 to make this

########
Rank: 6
Score: 45.884403
Retrieved Text: Chronicle story on the 2001 WILI "Boom Box Parade"
WILLIMANTIC -- Thousands lined each side of Main Street on Wednesday to see what might be the wackiest Independence Day parade in the country.
The 16th annual Boom Box Parade was a hit, generating a tremendous turnout and a fantastic variety of floats and costumes as participants marched from Jillson Square to Memorial Park.
Almost every aspect of the Willimantic community was visible in some capacity at the the event, while WILI pumped out all the patriotic music the parade needed.
In its 16-year history, the parade has attracted people from all over the world and has received national media attention. This year, the variety Willimantic residents have learned to expect from their beloved parade was evident as ever.
Thread City Crossing, with its four bronze frogs and cement thread spools, seemed to inspire many of this year's parade entries. Indeed, frogs seemed to be the unofficial theme. At least 12 people donned green suits and frog heads. They were often greeted with loud cheers from the crowd. The Windham Theater Guild created a float with four actors in frog costumes on spools around a small bridge while two frog-crazy citizens dressed as frogs attached a bridge between them.
Children loved the parade for all the free candy and elaborate floats. Almost every float that went by tossed a handful of treats to eager kids sitting curbside. At small breaks in between floats, chidren would drag their parents into the street and collect as much candy as they could before the next float

########
Rank: 7
Score: 45.80293
Retrieved Text: The 129th annual parade started Monday in Pasadena with an announcement by grand marshal actor Gary Sinise and a military flyover. Hundreds of thousands of people lined the street to watch 39 floats decked out with countless flowers, along with show horses, marching bands and celebrities. Millions more watched on TV.
But some viewers appear to have mistaken “The 2018 Rose Parade Hosted by Cord & Tish” for the real thing.
“Amazon should be embarrassed to have sponsored this,” wrote one reviewer on the coverage’s Amazon page. “The hostess appeared psychologically certifiable,” wrote another. “Love the parade (what little I got to see and hear of it), but DESPISE the tedious, inane ‘commentators’ who just won’t shut up,” read another review.
Others, however, found the livestream hilarious.
By Monday afternoon, the parade coverage had received more than 2,300 reviews on Amazon, with 48 percent giving it a single star, 44 percent giving it five stars – and very few reviews between those two extremes.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 44.826065
Retrieved Text: Parade floats drive through downtown Shippensburg during the town’s annual Halloween parade. Members of the community gathered along both sides of King Street to watch the display.
Thousands of Shippensburg area residents went to King Street on Friday to view the annual Halloween parade despite cold winds and light rain.
The Shippensburg Halloween Parade, also known as the “Kids Event Parade,” kicked off just after 7 p.m. on King and Prince streets. When the participants were ready, Shippensburg Borough Mayor Bruce Hockersmith gave the signal and the Boiling Springs High School marching band played the National Anthem. The Halloween parade is the largest parade Shippensburg hosts, Hockersmith said.
A military colorguard led the parade, consisting of two marching bands, more than a dozen floats from local businesses and community organizations and countless pieces of candy.
Children sat with their parents on curbs and folding chairs, bundled in blankets, waiting for candy. Members of the Shippensburg Area High School football team were among dozens to pass out the sweets.
The parade is well-known all over the area, Hockersmith said. Brian and Denise Mullen of Newville, Pennsylvania, came with their children. Denise said she was there to see her niece, who participated in the parade with a local dance troupe.
Shippensburg University students and professors were among the dozens of paradegoers, standing out in signature SU sweatshirts.
Local vendors and bakeries, including The Lollipop Shop, sold candied apples and cotton candy to passersby.
The parade lasted for more than an hour and dispersed near Morris Street. Shippensburg is to hold its community trick or treat from

########
Rank: 9
Score: 44.762753
Retrieved Text: The California’s largest Irish event celebrating Irish history and culture is the San Francisco’s St. Patrick’s Day Festival and Parade.
The amazing Parade will move through the city where over a hundred colorful floats, Irish dance troupes and marching bands will wind their way to Civic Center Plaza.
The popular Festival is back this year and will commence right after the Parade. Building on the success of the last several years, the organizers of the Parade and Festival are expecting another memorable event.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 44.733677
Retrieved Text: This week, California. Thursday, the world.
Members of the Lakota West Marching Firebirds, in their first several days before Thursday’s performance in the 126th annual Rose Parade, have already displayed their award-winning musical talents on the Santa Monica Pier and at Knott’s Berry Farm amusement park.
The band on Tuesday participated in Bandfest, which highlighted the 18 bands selected to participate in the Pasadena, Calif., parade. That gave the Marching Firebirds the opportunity to present the 9-minute field show that got the band invited to the Rose Parade for the second time in seven years.
Band Director Greg Snyder said performing the field show for the last time this year at such a high-profile event affected many students, including one senior he spotted with a tear rolling down his cheek.
Guided by 29 adult chaperones and eight directors, the 240 students also toured Hollywood, took in a Medieval Times dinner show and enjoyed Knott’s Berry Farm and Universal Studios.
“You see it on TV … and that’s one thing, but to see it up close and in real life is really amazing,” Hunter said.
Kaetlin McVaugh, a Lakota West senior and Marching Firebirds field commander, said she enjoyed shopping with friends and strolling the beach in Santa Monica on Sunday. Performing on the Santa Monica Pier to the hearty cheers of passersby also left quite an impression.
Mike Aaron, a chaperone for the trip, said students also worked for approximately three hours Sunday to help piece together several Rose Parade floats, including nearly half of the 30,000 flowers on a $250,000 AirAsia float.
McVaugh,

########
Rank: 11
Score: 44.578716
Retrieved Text: Year after year, Dolly’s Homecoming Parade attracts over 50,000 visitors to the Great Smoky Mountains. This year is expected to have an amazing turnout, expecting even more people to come see Dolly Parton as the Grand Marshall of the Homecoming Parade!
It’s pretty well known that Dolly is a Smoky Mountain idol to many visitors. This year, the Smokies are celebrating the 29th annual Dolly Homecoming Parade!
The Dolly Parade in Pigeon Forge, TN will begin around 6 p.m. on May 2, 2014. Guests to the parade can see horses, live dancers, marching bands, handmade parade floats, local celebrities and more as the parade passes by.
If you’re planning to attend the parade, we recommend arriving a little early to scout out a good spot to sit. We are expecting the weather to be sunny, so it’s best to wear springtime clothes and tennis shoes.
Many guests make reservations at one of the local restaurants before the parade time, but if you want to wait until the parade ends around 8 p.m., we suggest packing a small cooler with snacks and drinks.
The Dolly Parade in Pigeon Forge, TN will begin at about 6 p.m. on May 2, at traffic light #7 (River Road). It will continue to traffic light #3 (near Belz Outlet Mall). The parade in Pigeon Forge is expected to end around 8 p.m.
SpringFest continues in the Smoky Mountains through June 8, 2014.
It’s time to stop searching for affordable cabin rentals in Pigeon Forge and Gatlinburg. At Aunt Bug’s Cabin Rentals, we offer the best selection of cabins

########
Rank: 12
Score: 43.8773
Retrieved Text: The centerpiece of the day-long festival is the evening parade, and the lights on Michigan Avenue are literally illuminated block-by-block as the procession passes. More than 1 million spectators line the parade route each year to see the lighted floats, marching bands, balloons and performing artists. Because of the parade’s unique overall format and time considerations, the parade is limited to five or six marching bands each year.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 43.823196
Retrieved Text: The Denver-based Blue Knights Drum and Bugle Corps recently returned from an international tour in Taiwan. This trip was part of the Taoyuan Band Festival, for which Drum Corps International (DCI) was asked to provide an exhibition ensemble.
Past festivals have featured DCI groups before, but the corps were only able to send their drum lines. This year, a full performance ensemble was requested from DCI. The Blue Knights were able to piece together and send a 50-person ensemble.
The Blue Knights’ experience included more than just performing in the festival. The corps members also visited and performed with one of the top high school marching bands in Taiwan and participated in a master class. The morning of the music festival, the Blue Knights were able to march in a unique parade. “There were no floats or cars, just marching bands,” Wille says.
“I think that performing in this festival proves that the Blue Knights is among the top-tier, world-class drum and bugle corps,” Wille says.
The Blue Knights hope that this experience will encourage future membership and lead to more opportunities for similar festivals in future seasons.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 43.45347
Retrieved Text: Mardi Gras! Galveston, the third largest Mardi Gras celebration in the United States, is expected to draw more than 300,000 attendees. The island’s 108th Mardi Gras celebration, Feb. 22 to March 5, will feature more than 20 parades, 30-plus concerts, 20 balcony parties and, of course, millions of beads. Here are some of this year’s parade highlights. For a full schedule of Mardi Gras! Galveston activities, visit www.mardigrasgalveston.com.
The George P. Mitchell Parade will begin at The Tremont House, 2300 Ship’s Mechanic Row, with festive floats parading through the Historic Strand District on the kick-off night of Mardi Gras! Galveston.
Sponsored by The Galveston County Daily News, this parade features more than 2,000 umbrella dancers as they try to hokey-pokey into the record books.
If you are looking to catch some beads, look no further than the Mardi Gras! Galveston Parade.
The 33rd annual Aquarius Kick-off Parade once again will wind its way down the seawall to 25th Street where it will turn to downtown for a trip down Mechanic and Strand streets.
Why stop with a world record-breaking umbrella parade when you can have the Zaniest (Decorated) Golf Cart Parade? This parade is another chance for friends and family to get together and participate in this interactive display of the zany spirit of Mardi Gras! Galveston.
Tune into this rockin’ parade as the Krewe D’iHeartMedia Art Car Parade cruises down The Strand.
Featuring 12 lighted floats, marching bands and other entertainment, this parade will wind its way down Seawall Boulevard to 25th Street, where it will turn downtown for a trip down

########
Rank: 15
Score: 43.00455
Retrieved Text: DOVER—Central Avenue was lined with hundreds of spectators Sunday as the annual St. Mary's holiday parade made its way through the city.
For quite a few people, it was the first year they had come to the parade. Others have made Dover's festive march a Christmas tradition.
With the sound of Dover's Greenwave Marching Band starting things off playing Hark The Herald Angels Sing, about 20 floats made by local businesses and organizations began making their way past the crowd tossing candy and dancing to the music.
Seeing familiar faces of the community was part of the main attraction for many.
"It's a tradition for us, one of the highlights of the season for us," Diana Post, who teaches Zumba classes at the McConnell Center and the Works, said. "It has a real community feel to it."
Post was watching the parade from the corner of the Dover Visitor's Center with friend Sarah Whitehouse of Rochester. A former member of the Spaulding music department, she came to see the parade specifically for the bands.
"I'm a big fan. I'm just partial to Spaulding," she said.
Each year participating floats are judged by a panel earning their places in different categories. This year, floats were judged by Gina Cruikshank, City Councilor for Ward Six, Jan Nedelka, City Councilor for Ward Three, and Mayor Dean Trefethen.
Cruikshank said they were each judged individually on their creativity and appearance.
Taking first place in the category of commercial floats was Destination Orlando; second place was Victory Chapel and third went to Service Credit Union. In the category for civic

########
Rank: 16
Score: 42.99648
Retrieved Text: The parade traditionally rolls on Mardi Gras Day, and many Coast clubs, organizations and bands enter floats or marching groups.
The procession of at least 120 units, including floats, bands and the Ole Biloxi Marching Club, will roll at 1 p.m., Feb. 13, with this year’s theme, The Ride of Your Life. Aluminum GCCA doubloons and big beads are among the most-popular throws.
The Feb. 12 masque ball is open for free public viewing at the Coast Coliseum.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 42.82397
Retrieved Text: Seven or eight club members and associates came out into the early morning chill on Sunday, December 6 and joined the 125,000 others who watched this year's 28th annual San Jose Holiday Parade.
After departing from our breakfast meet-up at Flames restaurant, our group was quickly absorbed by the huge crowd that was packed in along the parade route. Each of us sought out various positions along the route, hoping for a bountiful take of parade pictures. Gerry L. claimed his spot on Santa Clara Street near where the parade formed, and I managed to squeeze into a place near the main reviewing stand.
The content of the parade was very good. There were numerous balloons and plenty of things to photograph. Bay Area resident, and former Olympic figure skating gold medalist, Kristi Yamaguchi was the Honorary Grand Marshal, and waved sweetly from the sunroof of a black Hummer. There were numerous marching bands, playing their best for the band awards and a large group of theatrical organizations, including Circque du Soliel, Ballet San Jose and the Children's Musical Theater San Jose, among others, perfomed in the street before the main grandstand.
This parade has become one of the major events in the United States and is ranked with the "biggies" including the Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade, the Rose Bowl Parade in Pasadena, etc. The parade began in 1981 as sort of an entrance ceremony for Santa Claus at the opening of that year's Christmas in the Park display. The following year, Santa's entrance became a procession around the

########
Rank: 18
Score: 42.762318
Retrieved Text: The month of May is right around the corner! You know what that means…it’s almost time for the annual Dolly’s Homecoming Parade! This once yearly event salutes Pigeon Forge’s very own superstar, Mrs. Dolly Parton. In an extravaganza of fun floats, participants and displays, this event is free and perfect for an evening of fun!
This year’s parade will be held on Friday, May 11th 2012 beginning at 6:00PM. The parade will take place on the northbound side of the Pigeon Forge parkway. The parade will begin at Traffic Light #3 and end at Traffic Light #6…that’s three miles of front-row seats!
The best part about this event is that it’s free for everyone! Spectators begin lining up their chairs as early as 4:00PM along the parade route to get the best seats in the house. All attendees will get to see and wave at Mrs. Dolly! This year, her float will be equipped with a speaker system so she can chat with fans all through the parade route.
As this is the 27th annual parade, the organizers decided that they needed to mix it up a bit and have added more exciting floats and features to the parade. This year’s parade will feature the Smoky Mountain Submarine, a 65 foot-long replica that veterans of submarine service will ride atop!
In addition, a real NASCAR racecar belonging to a Knoxville native will cruise through the parade. The Rogersville Playhouse of Rogersville, Tennessee have entered an impressive float based off of Dolly’s famous “9 to 5” movie!
Also in the parade are

########
Rank: 19
Score: 42.651035
Retrieved Text: Coverage of Brockville’s First Annual Spring Break Noon Hour Parade with Bob Brockvlog and Dan Wylie kick start today’s vlog. See for yourself all of the Marching Bands, beautifully decorated floats and of course, at the end of the parade, Mr. Spring Break himself: Adam McGregor of Compu-Silv Computers. The boys, Rock and Lance, are back in the BrockVlog studios working hard and staying warm. Catch them slaving away behind the scenes in our BV HeadQuarters.
I keep choking on it!
If you were 1/24th the size of your normal self and had a sweet spot for liquid glue, you’d want to be no where else but at the 6th Annual Kingston Scale Auto Model Car Club Competition. See for yourself why so many glue so much for such little wheels.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 42.530945
Retrieved Text: Ottumwa’s annual Oktoberfest parade is back! Your family will love seeing the fantastic floats, emergency responders, and the huge variety of fabulous entries! This year’s Parade of Bands features 10 area marching bands competing for the coveted title of being crowned champion! You won’t want to miss it! The parade steps off at 10:00 am in downtown Ottumwa.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 42.392902
Retrieved Text: The Children’s Healthcare of Atlanta Christmas Parade is the largest holiday parade in the Southeast, featuring enormous floats, stunning balloons, marching bands, and holiday spirit. Founded in 1981, the parade is one of Atlanta’s best-loved holiday traditions. The parade will step-off at Peachtree & 16th Street.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 42.356674
Retrieved Text: Veterans Day is on Wednesday, November 11th, 2015. The city of Orlando will salute our nations veterans on Saturday, November 14th, 2015 with a patriotic parade at 11 AM in Downtown Orlando.
Mayor Buddy Dyer and his Veterans Advisory Council will honor the courageous men and women of our armed forces by hosting the Orlando Veterans Day Parade.
The parade will consist of a variety of participants including men and women from over 150 Central Florida veterans organizations, active duty military, high school marching bands and JROTCs, City of Orlando firefighters and police officers and floats that were featured in the Gasparilla parade in Tampa.
The parade will start and stop at Livingston Street as it heads down Orange Avenue to Central Boulevard and back down Rosalind Avenue.
This entry was posted in Family and tagged activities, annual events, downtown orlando, november, orlando, parades. Bookmark the permalink.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 42.253548
Retrieved Text: While the Rose Parade had many high notes, it also had a bit of a scare when a float caught on fire New Year's Day.
Amid the merriment, the "Harmony Through Union" caught fire and began smoking before 10 a.m. PT. It was taken off the parade route for the remainder of the spectacle.
No one appeared to be injured in the small blaze. The official Rose Parade Twitter account said the float experienced the "technical difficulties" at Orange Grove and Colorado boulevards.
The Tournament of Roses issued a statement about the delay: "Public safety is a top priority for the Pasadena Tournament of Roses Association. The temporary delay of the 2019 Rose Parade was promptly addressed by our operations and public safety partners. Thank you for your patience as we gather more information."
The rest of the Rose Parade got on without a hitch, and even saw some firsts. Grand Marshal and 10-time Grammy Award Winner Chaka Khan entertained along with her grandchildren with a medley of her hits in a collaboration seen for the first time in its 130-year history.
The 65-year-old singer known for hits including "I Feel for You," "Through the Fire" and "This is My Night" was chosen to align with the parade's theme, "The Melody of Life.'"
Get information on street closures and more here.
Tournament of Roses President Gerald Freeny said the theme has universal appeal, since music touches the lives of people around the world.
"On a personal scale, it gets us through our day, it accompanies us through good times and bad times,'' Freeny said.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 42.22582
Retrieved Text: Thanksgiving in America is a holiday steeped in tradition. Between the customary turkey dinner with all the fixings, the annual football games, and people preparing to line up for the sales on Black Friday, the rituals run the gamut. One of the most time-honored Thanksgiving traditions has been around for the better part of a century and attracts millions of viewers both in person and on television screens around the country. The Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade marches through the streets of New York City on Thanksgiving morning each year, featuring enormous balloons, marching bands, the casts of Broadway musicals, and celebrity performers. But how did this parade get started, and how has it grown over the years into the biggest Thanksgiving Day spectacle in America?
The first Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade was held in 1924. At the time, most of the department store's employees were first generation immigrants to America, and they wanted to celebrate their newfound love of country with a festival similar to the ones their parents had participated in when they were living in Europe. The parade was presented by Macy's and featured both store employees and professional entertainers marching from Harlem's 145th Street all the way down to the Macy's store at 34th Street. The participants dressed in colorful and lavish costumes, and the parade included floats, marching bands, and even several animals from the Central Park Zoo. To conclude the parade, Santa Claus rode into Herald Square—the same way he has in every parade since this first one. The turnout for this

########
Rank: 25
Score: 42.2163
Retrieved Text: Macy's annual Thanksgiving Day Parade began its trip through New York City on Thursday morning, with marching bands, floats, and, of course, giant balloon figures. The parade was scheduled to start in Central Park and run down Sixth Avenue, one block from Fifth Avenue where Trump Tower is located, and end near the Macy's department store on 34th Street.
Security was tight through the route. New York police said they would have sand-filled trucks, radiation detectors, bomb-sniffing dogs and heavily armed officers out to protect the crowd and the parade, which Islamic State has encouraged its followers to attack.
Officials were expecting 3.5 million people to converge on the 2.5-mile parade route in Manhattan for the annual, nationally televised ritual that initiates the holiday shopping season with giant balloons shaped like cartoon characters.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 41.90918
Retrieved Text: The Somerset-Pulaski County Chamber of Commerce is once again hosting the annual Christmas Parade. This year’s parade will be held on Saturday, December 6th at 5:00 p.m. and will be immediately followed by the Downtown Somerset Development Corporation Tree Lighting Celebration.
Special thanks to our planning committee consisting of the Somerset-Pulaski Co. Chamber of Commerce, Downtown Somerset Development Corporation, Somerset-Pulaski Co. Convention & Visitors Bureau, Pulaski County Public Library, Pulaski County Fiscal Court and the City of Somerset who are working together to bring Pulaski County citizens our best Christmas Extravaganza ever.
The Christmas Parade will begin at 5:00 p.m. followed by the Tree Lighting Celebration at 7:00 p.m.
To make this event successful, we need the community’s help.
We encourage everyone to get involved and help the Chamber of Commerce Christmas Parade be the biggest and best ever!
We are calling for all bands, cheerleaders, ROTC units, girl scouts, boy scouts, civic clubs, youth athletic teams, churches, cars, dogs, horses and anyone interesting in participating in this year’s parade.
So, get those floats ready! Get those cars shined! Get those marching boots on.
IMPORTANT – You must fill out and return both the parade entry form and the rules and regulations before you will be registered to participate in this years Chamber Christmas Parade.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 41.839832
Retrieved Text: Despite the two degree temperature, a good crowd turned out to watch this year’s Santa parade on Sunday. There was no sunshine but also no rain or snow and little or no wind which meant it was not bad considering the weather in the previous week or two. Depending on who you spoke to and probably depending on their memories, the parade was better or not so good. I counted six bands which is good although I thought there were fewer large floats. However, the major attraction – Santa – was on a lower sleigh. It was probably easier to see him but it somehow was not as impressive as the one where he looked down from on high. But see for yourself in the Video below.
There were only two politicians – both incoming Mayor John Henderson and MP Kim Rudd walked the route. It was good to see children participating as well as lining the route – it is after all primarily a family event. I don’t know what it means but although there were a couple of groups identifying as Christian, I did not notice any nativity scenes. As for other groups – the Gay community was represented but not the immigrant community who featured in the July 1st Parade. Comparing to the Canada Day Parade, the Santa Parade seems to benefit from the date chosen (Nov 18) since several of the bands were from out of Town – the Steel band was from as far away as Brockville.
The parade took about 45 minutes

########
Rank: 28
Score: 41.800022
Retrieved Text: There are a lot of fun events in the Greater Lansing area this Christmas Season. We had an opportunity to attend the Silver Bells in the City Festival a couple of weeks ago and just recently East Lansing hosted its Winter Glow festival.
Silver Bells was a huge success. There were thousands of people in attendance. The event included an outdoor party hosted by Radio Disney, a parade full of lighted vehicles, floats and marching bands, a really good fireworks show over the Capitol, and capped off with a concert by Radio Disney. The state Capitol remained open late for tours, hot chocolate, and Christmas music. Events like this make the Greater Lansing area such a great place to live! We've included photos of some of our favorites in this blog.
Early in the evening when temperatures were warmer, Jon was excited at first to be out in the crisp fall air; but once that crisp fall air turned to cold winter air when the sun went down, Jon wimped out and left the parade early to "tour the State Capitol". The rest of us including our 3 year old Zoe stayed strong outside until the end of the parade and watched the fireworks that followed. Although, I must say, we were never more excited to see Santa which signaled the end of the parade and our time to get inside somewhere warm was approaching!
How about you? Have you attended any fun community events for Christmas? Were you able to brave the cold for the entire night or

########
Rank: 29
Score: 41.647274
Retrieved Text: Greenville's holiday parade is Dec. 1, but the list of parades around the Upstate goes on until mid-December.
The holidays are here, and with them come a long list of Christmas parades. There will be no shortage of floats and marching bands around the Upstate in the coming weeks.
Greenville’s perennially popular Poinsettia Christmas Parade, with 80 marching units and special guest Santa Claus, will stroll down Main Street at 6 p.m. Dec. 1. This year’s route, like last year’s travels the length of Main Street from Augusta to North streets.
The grand marshal for 2018 is Furman University President Elizabeth Davis.
And despite Saturday's wet weather forecast, the parade will be held rain or shine, city officials said.
•Greenwood Christmas Parade, 2:30 Dec. 2, downtown Greenwood.
•Pendleton Christmas Parade, 3 p.m. Dec. 9, downtown Pendleton.

================



======= Instance Index 238 =========
Input Text: The word "tree" has multiple meanings. Does it have the same meaning in sentences 1 and 2? Yes or no?

Sentence 1: Her dog likes to tree squirrels.
Sentence 2: This lot should be treed so that the house will be shaded in summer.

Target Text: No

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 47.44011
Retrieved Text: Below are possible answers for the crossword clue Birch or spruce.
a figure that branches from a single root; "genealogical tree"
chase an animal up a tree; "the hunters treed the bear with dogs and killed it"; "her dog likes to tree squirrels"
plant with trees; "this lot should be treed so that the house will be shaded in summer"
Part of theatre encompassing box?
Still struggling to solve the crossword clue 'Birch or spruce'?
If you're still haven't solved the crossword clue Birch or spruce then why not search our database by the letters you have already!

########
Rank: 1
Score: 34.487312
Retrieved Text: Below are possible answers for the crossword clue Birch or spruce.
a figure that branches from a single root; "genealogical tree"
chase an animal up a tree; "the hunters treed the bear with dogs and killed it"; "her dog likes to tree squirrels"
plant with trees; "this lot should be treed so that the house will be shaded in summer"
Part of theatre encompassing box?
Still struggling to solve the crossword clue 'Birch or spruce'?
If you're still haven't solved the crossword clue Birch or spruce then why not search our database by the letters you have already!

########
Rank: 2
Score: 31.615517
Retrieved Text: Check out this cottage on Secord Lake!
98' of sandy swimming, sandy beach, level to the water all sport Secord Lake water frontage!! The water is clear, shallow & sandy & the view is spectacular! Secluded from the road this 2 bedroom, 1 bath cottage sits on a .62 acre lot w/ a section of woods for privacy & a nicely treed/shaded lot in the front. Beautiful perennial plantings, a patio with a included screen gazebo, camper trailer used as a guest house, storage shed & huge 28x28 pole barn w/ 10' sidewalls complete the exterior. Inside the vinyl sided with stone front cottage you will find an open kitchen, dining & living room where the family can gather. Snack bar for additional seating. Lots of newer wallside windows allow the lake view in. 2 bedrooms & a full bath. Cottage can be turn-key meaning furnishings, pots, pans & dishes, & the '98 Crest Pontoon with an '02 90 hp Johnson. Been in the same family since the 60's - time for a new family to make memories!
Hi Sonya, This is a fantastic cottage in a beautiful, peaceful location. The stone front, covered patio, and great backyard are a few of the features that will attract prospective buyers.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 29.86099
Retrieved Text: Dogs love burying their noses into the ZippyPaws Burrow Squeaky Hide & Seek Plush Dog Toy, for hours of entertainment. Simply hide one, two or all three of the included squeaky chipmunks in the acorn, and this interactive plush toy will challenge your dog as he works to dig them out. And for even more fun, you can purchase the squeaky chipmunks on their own. Great for small and medium-sized dogs, not suited for aggressive chewers. And it’s machine washable, making cleaning a breeze.
Comes with three cute and squeaky chipmunk toys that your pup will have to dig out of the acorn for lots of stimulating interactive play.
Great for small and medium sized dogs, but not recommended for extra tough chewers.
Zippy Paws has some great toys!
Oliver loves his Zippy Paws toys. I use to buy the whole set for these toys, as we have quite a few. I saw on Chewy you could order just the little toys inside the container they come in. It is a nice option when you have about 10 of them. I like the ones that have more detail, then the round ones. The round simple ones, he has an easier time getting the squeaker to not squeak. For whatever reason, these and the hedge hogs he can not get to it. I highly recommend these and all of their toys.
Cannot say enough on how much these Hide and Seek plush toys bring joy to my two guys. They like the challenge of rooting them out of the larger part of

########
Rank: 4
Score: 28.534306
Retrieved Text: AMAZING! Luxurious LAKEFRONT PROPERTY BACKING ONTO THE CANAL! Brand new custom masterpiece built by Asset Builders Corp in the charming neighborhood of Meridian Beach! From the treed & private lot, to the canal frontage that you can build your own custom dock or possible boat house, this striking 2637sqft 2 Storey was built for entertaining & living a Relaxing Lake Life! Step onto the composite 14'x17'6 front porch & into this spacious entry (complete w/a separate mudroom entrance from garage), that opens to show off these black triple glazed windows & 24' soaring vaulted ceiling w/exposed fir beams. Your open living/dining/kitchen area will become your entertainment hotspot, w/all the sunlight that streams in, the fireplace w/shiplap finishing that goes to the ceiling, the Kitchen that will invite all the chef's to create masterpieces, w/quartz countertops, oversized island & its walk in/thru pantry. The entertainment doesn't have to stop inside, w/double doors to the 21'x33' deck, w/pergola, duradecking & glass railing that faces SW & to your treed lot & the canal. Master bdrm has private exit out to the deck & it also features huge walk in closet, 5 piece ensuite w/custom tiled shower, soaker tub & double sinks. Another bdrm, full bath & lots of storage areas finish this level. Upstairs features a wet bar w/custom wine rack+wine fridge, loft area overlooking the living room, done w/custom railing, another bdrm w/walk in closet, full bath, & flex room area that leads to a 16'x10' partially covered deck w/glass railing. Walkout basement is ready for your

########
Rank: 5
Score: 28.402843
Retrieved Text: Professional Dog walker and More!
Healthy Houndz is run by Karen Cohen, a dedicated animal lover and Professional Dog Trainer. Based in Toronto, Karen lives with her husband, three sons and her much loved Bouvier, Dexter.
Karen’s affinity with animals began at a young age, resulting to her being likened to the character Elly May from the Beverley Hillbillies due to her special bond with them. As her husband likes to say , “Karen can feed nuts to the squirrels”.
Over the years, Karen’s knowledge of dogs has increased due to her hands on approach to both training and handling. By working with countless dogs over the years, she has developed an innate ability to truly understand their personalities and individual needs.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 28.357235
Retrieved Text: Comfortable, secluded family home with tons of natural light. Next to the last house at the end of Knik Vista Street in Peters Creek. Lovely winter inlet view, and treed privacy in the summer. House sits on over ½ acre lot with city water and private sewer. Greenhouse, raised garden beds, lot of perennials, berry bushes and apple trees, plus a shed. HOA is inactive.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 28.274105
Retrieved Text: Any squirrels trying to nest in my basement will get a rude awakening when my two cats hunt them down. Seriously, I will be babysitting my mom’s Schnauzer soon and she will scare the beejesus out of all of them.
LOL That is a FAT squirrel 😉 My son likes to watch them run around and be crazy. He sits outside and cackles at them. “Look, their running down the sidewalk!” “Look, there’s one in the basement!!” Yeah, we have all kinds of squirrely fun!
Yes. It must be all the peanuts. We had a hawk in the yard last night and I joked that the squirrels better start waddling away!
I once set up feeders on my deck for the squirrels but one day saw a rat eating out of it … that was the end of feeding the squirrels. No more putting little dishes out on the deck, I now have hanging bird feeders which they frequent. I like to watch them and always feed them over the winter. I have discovered they love crackers with peanut butter.
I like to give them peanut butter on the ends of the bread that no one will eat. Or I give it to the birds. We also have Blue Jays that swoop down and steal all the peanuts from the squirrels.
The only squirrel I like is Rocket J. Squirrel, because he would never eat the pears off my tree, chew holes in my cabin or take up residence there with a few dozen of his closest friends and relatives! They

########
Rank: 8
Score: 28.082485
Retrieved Text: Nicely treed level .22 acre lot backing the National Forest in the quaint neighborhood of Summer Pines. Come enjoy all 4 seasons in the beautiful White Mountains. There is a home that adjoins this property that can be purchased by a separate contract.
Directions: Highway 60 towards Globe to the second entrance of Summer Pines (Stardust), right on Larkspur, left on Evergreen, left on Indian Trail to lot.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 27.993046
Retrieved Text: A wonderful family vacation awaits you at this newly built two-storey 1,800 sq. ft. cottage, tucked into a well-treed acre lot overlooking quiet Bay Lake.
The main level open concept kitchen/dining/living area is bright and spacious with warm tri-coloured wood floors, vaulted pine ceilings and three walls of large picture windows allowing for peaceful tree-top views of the lake.
The cottage is great for a family or even two small families with two queen beds, two sets of bunk beds and even a crib. With plenty of seating capacity inside and out, both adults and children can eat, play and relax together or independently.
The large covered deck, overlooking the lake, is the perfect place to take shaded cover on hot humid days or to sit back and relax or dine during magical summer thunder storms.
Start your mornings with coffee cup in hand down on the dock and be treated by the haunting call of the loons. With 160 ft. of waterfront and a fabulous shallow hard-packed sand beach, this natural water playground beckons both young and old alike.
With a northwest exposure and a lakeside fire pit, you will want to end each and every night of your memorable stay roasting marshmallows while taking in the amazing sunsets!
LOCATION: 20 minutes north east of Huntsville for most all amenities, 10 minutes to Arrowhead Provincial Park, close to world class golfing, snowmobile trails, shopping and dining.
One pet allowed upon approval of owner, no smoking, maximum number of occupants is 8, bring own linens and towels, bring own drinking water, noise restriction

########
Rank: 10
Score: 27.876442
Retrieved Text: Beautifully finished custom home situated on a corner 33 x 122 lot. Quiet treed location steps to good schools and parks. This 6 bdrm homes is finsihed with top of the line appliances, solid Oak Floors and attention to detail t/out. Legal2 bdrm bsmt ste has should easilyn rent for $ 1700pm plus a 1 bdrm Laneway House which rents for $ 1500pm. Thats $ 3200 pm of rental income to help pay the mortgage. This home will not disappoint and can be shown with 1 days notice.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 27.81829
Retrieved Text: You’ll never see Sindy without her beloved Buttons bouncing along beside her. Every day, the pair train together for the annual Puppy Tricks contest. It’s not always easy—Buttons is a cheeky pup who gets easily distracted by the squirrels in the park. Luckily, this loveable pooch will do anything for a doggy treat. Buttons loves to play outdoors, so Sindy’s wardrobe when they’re out together is hip and practical. She likes to accessorise with one of mum’s colourful silk scarfs, which glams up any outfit—even jeans and wellies. Buttons likes to dress up too, proudly sporting his favourite cherry red collar whenever he’s out and about. All Sindy’s friends adore Buttons and always want to take him for walks. But you can’t part this girl and her dog for long.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 27.726353
Retrieved Text: One of our many red squirrels, ace dog sitters. If there's a squirrel around, we know what the dogs will be watching... Keeps the Pack out of trouble.
Curious Ms Cottontail. Unfortunately, she keeps nesting in the fenced garden inside the dog yard. Her babies are safe while they're in the nest, but they don't seem to comprehend that there are dogs between the garden fence and the perimeter fence.
More red squirrels because I find them incredibly cute!!!
This last one is sitting in a legacy of the goldfinches. We had so many goldfinches last winter that I resorted to throwing sunflower on the snow for three months to accommodate them all. This, of course, resulted in a huge buildup of sunflower when the snow melted, and although I raked up what I could, there was a good deal left that sprouted. All those little plants you see in this shot are sprouting sunflower! I figure if even half of them grow up, bloom and set seed, we'll really be saving a lot of money on our seed bills this fall.
And this is probably a Spring Azure Butterfly--another tricky ID because the azures can look so similar.
The deer aren't too fond of madame hazel and her clicking black box, either.
I've never seen a chipmunk's tongue before either.
I just love the red squirrels too. We don't seem to have as many around here this year.
Love the pics of the doe, too.
Maybe your squirrels moved here! Holy catz, do we have squirrels!!!! Red ones, fox squirrels and a whole whack

########
Rank: 13
Score: 27.582752
Retrieved Text: If you’ve been on the hunt for the best dog toy to get your energetic pup, look no further, because we’ve found it for you.
The Hide-A-Squirrel Puzzle is one of the most gifted dog toys on Amazon — and with good reason, too. Not only is it the best kind of toy to keep your dog occupied and entertained, it also provides mental enrichment. The plush puzzle toy features a tree trunk filled with squeaky stuffed squirrels, meant for your pup to sniff around and hunt for. But it also doubles as a game of fetch — the squirrels are removable, so you can toss them around after your dog has figured out the puzzle.
Plus, it doesn’t hurt that this toy has over 10,000 reviews and an overall total of 4.3 stars on Amazon. Customers love Hide-A-Squirrel for both puppies and older dogs alike, and many say their dogs became more obsessed with this puzzle than any other toy.
“We got this Jumbo squirrel log as a distraction for our German Shepherd — we give it to her as we leave the house, but she also pulls it out of her toy bin when we’re home. She loves it — it’s definitely her favorite toy of all time,” one reviewer wrote.
Hide-A-Squirrel comes in different sizes to accommodate your pup, varying from small to extra large, and you can also choose different styles, including a bee puzzle, bird puzzle, and hedgehog puzzle — and they’re all extremely cute.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 27.355911
Retrieved Text: Small game hunting is for people who enjoy the great outdoors and who appreciate hunting with family and friends. We have rabbit hunting and squirrel hunting.
There is nothing quite like the thrill of hearing trained beagles. The excitement they show can be seen and heard by a hunter. The best dogs wag their tails in excitement as they chase rabbits within a pack of eager dogs. A seasoned hunter can distinguish each dog's bark, and recognizes the stage of the hunt. If you have never tried rabbit hunting, come to ATCO Plantation.
Squirrel hunting is both an individual and group experience. ATCO Plantation squirrel hunting offers still hunting and dog hunting.
Still hunting consists of being still near a heavily populated area and waiting for a squirrel to appear. You would be surprised how many squirrels a squirrel hunter will see when squirrels are feeding. Still squirrel hunting gives a person time to gather their thoughts and resolve issues that are troubling them. Plenty of fresh air, birds, trees, the wind, wildlife, and the smells of our great outdoors will help anyone find their center.
Dog hunting is another story. Dog hunting means following a dog that is trained to sniff out squirrels and chase them up a tree, and watching a dog who can keep an eye on a squirrel that is leaping from tree to tree. Squirrel hunting is great for beginner hunters and for those of us who enjoy spending time with the people who mean the most to us.
Would you like to try small game

########
Rank: 15
Score: 27.355204
Retrieved Text: Harmony Wright runs the day-to-day administrative operations at Seiniger Law.
Harmony has a Bachelor of Science degree in Psychology from Boise State University and an Associate of Science degree in Enology & Viticulture from Walla Walla Community College.
An avid foodie and gardener, Harmony enjoys cultivating heirloom vegetables, which her husband (a former chef) incorporates in their dinners together. She also spends time with her dog, Bowie, who likes chasing squirrels.
Harmony remains in the wine industry as the wine director for a local restaurant and continues to make wine as a hobby from the Cabernet Franc grapes she grows at home.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 27.328318
Retrieved Text: Windy and Jake prepare for an afternoon nap.
All is calm with the furkids today. Everyone seems to feel fine.
Hope, Windy and Jake have decided they hate squirrels. As they look out the bay window and bark, they watch the little tree rats try to steal seed from the bird feeder. This feeder, though, doesn’t allow theft. The squirrels ignore my furkids’ barking.
Hope has been taking her medicine and eating fine. She is drinking more water, but that was to be expected. She will go Monday afternoon to get her stitches out and have her second round of chemotherapy.
As for Hope taking pills, I use sliced American cheese, peanut butter, hot dogs and Pill Pockets, which are a product made by the Greenies company. Pill Pockets are a bit pricey, but they get the job done. Hope doesn’t like the same food items all the time, so I have to mix it up.
After a chat with a co-worker who treated her dog’s cancer with chemo, I feel better. She was pleased to give her furkid an additional 10 and ½ months. The little girl would have lived longer if she had not cut her paw. Infection set in and could not be conquered.
So far so good. Thanks for all the prayers. Please keep them coming.
This entry was posted in Dachshunds, Dog Health, Medicine and tagged Cancer, Dachshunds, dog health, medicine, Schnauzers. Bookmark the permalink.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 27.257082
Retrieved Text: We went to Lowes today and bought some perennials. Came home and looked at the tag more closely and saw that it says morning sunlight only. Unfortunately, these were going to go in the front yard which only gets afternoon sun. Late afternoon sun, to be precise.
These are Tradescantia Sweet Katie (but under the sticker it says something about Spiderwort) and the other is a Shooting Star dianthus.
Why would it say morning sun only? I don't really understand that. Will it be a lost cause if we plant these getting the afternoon sun? They are SO cool looking, but nobody could see them in my backyard, where that morning sun is.
Afternoon sun is much hotter than morning sun and will cook heat sensitive plants. This is intensified even more if the plants are in a bed next to the house where the siding is baked in the sun all afternoon and reflects that heat build-up onto the plants.
Better you will put these flowers in some filtered sun/partially shaded area, and buy new plants for the front of the house. Something better suited to hot summer sunshine.
Tradescantia in general stem from woodland plants which got filtered light. Many varieties will get leaf burn when in full sun, but if you live far enough north they may survive more sunlight. Mine did best, to the point of being somewhat invasive in morning sun and shade from mid-day on when I lived in NY (zone 5). I live in zone 7 now and would not dare have them in

########
Rank: 18
Score: 26.911354
Retrieved Text: These charismatic, rabbit-sized rodents live on North America’s prairies and open grasslands in only a fraction of their former numbers.
Prairie dogs live in underground burrows, extensive warrens of tunnels and chambers marked by many mounds of packed earth at their surface entrances. Burrows have defined nurseries, sleeping quarters, and even toilets. They also feature listening posts near exits, so animals can safely keep tabs on the movements of predators outside. Prairie dogs spend a lot of time building and rebuilding these dwellings. Other animals benefit from their labors. Burrows may be shared by snakes, burrowing owls, and even rare black-footed ferrets, which hunt prairie dogs in their own dwellings.
Family groups (a male, a few females, and their young) inhabit burrows and cooperate to share food, chase off other prairie dogs, and groom one another. These group members even greet one another with a prairie dog kiss or nuzzle! Young pups are very playful and can often been seen romping near their burrows.
Black-tailed prairie dogs, the best known of the five prairie dog species, live in larger communities called towns, which may contain many hundreds of animals. Typically they cover less than half a square mile (1.3 square kilometers), but historically they could be enormous. The largest recorded prairie dog town covered some 25,000 square miles (65,000 square kilometers). That Texas town was home to perhaps four hundred million prairie dogs!
Another prairie dog species, the white-tailed prairie dog, lives in the western mountains. These rodents do not gather in large towns but maintain more scattered burrows. All

########
Rank: 19
Score: 26.870378
Retrieved Text: yep... only a squirrel....get it lily, get it get it!!!!
Those squirrels can be quite rude!
SQUIRREL!!!!! Go get him Lily!!!!!
ONLY?? ONLY?? Get that thing!
She loves to bark at them, and hates that they stay just out of reach!
Just a SQUIRREL, huh?! You tell him to get out of there. Next thing you know he'll have all the relatives there and TAKE OVER!
You tell it Lily! Don't let those squirrels get too close.
Squirrels are our sworn enemies. We still have damaged siding from where the little devils chewed clear through.
"Only a squirrel"??? They will invade your yard and steal your food and everything! Keep away, Squirrel, keep away!
we had a squirrel here today too! they are taking over so cal!
Lily, you need to educate Edward on the evil nature of those tree rats!
WHAT???!!!! ONLY A SQUIRREL???!!!! Has your MOms gone and lost her ever-lovin' MIND??!!! OMD, don't take your eyes off of it....they are sneaky little devils....frickin' squirrels....you need me to come down there?????
I have a power pole in my backyard. Once there was a squirrel on the power pole when I let the boys out. I didn't notice the squirrel at first and neither did Shiver or Chico. The squirrel started yelling at them, making calling them all kinds of obscene names, probably. The boys paid the squirrel no mind. I was a proud chi mama in that moment!
Our squirrels actually dare to come on the deck while the dogs are sleeping there. The nerve!
Good job, Lily! Keep on his evil furrybutt!
Oh Lily, that squirrel just likes

########
Rank: 20
Score: 26.797112
Retrieved Text: Meet this sweet, light-eyed terrier known as SALLY.
Sally came to us as 1/2 of the dynamic duo that consists of her and her brother, Lucas.
She’s mellow with a chance of high energy from time to time. Like a lot of other dogs, she likes to chase squirrels and would do best in a home with no cats. Like her bro, she gets along great with dogs in similar size and would be A-OK in a home with another dog. A quiet and well-behaved little girl who likes to chew on shoes and pillows; as a puppy it’s only normal since she’s still exploring the world.
Since she is still a puppy, she will need some leash and basic commands training. She responds to her name when called and is well potty trained. Everything else will come in time, patience and perseverance are key.
If you’re looking for a sweet angel baby that’s always happy to see you, fill out that application and give this precious girl the FURever home she deserves.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 26.701244
Retrieved Text: Winston is a full-bred Great Dane that works full time as a Greeter at the Belleville office. His hobbies include stealing food off of the counter, removing the stuffing from toys, and galloping at the dog park. You can follow his crazy adventures and silly antics on Facebook!
Bohdi is a four month old Golden Retriever. His hobbies include ripping up clumps of grass in his yard, sneaking tomatoes from the garden, and playing tug of war. He loves learning new tricks and snuggling after a long day. As you can tell by the picture, Bohdi also enjoys sipping pumpkin spice lattes and roaming the aisles of Target.
Myka is a purebred mutt, part Corgi, part Bassett Hound, and a dash of Chow. She enjoys watching the world go by from her window and is a vigilant guard against the squirrel menace. The only payment she requests for such diligence is a never ending supply of belly rubs!
Elsa is a four year old Golden Retriever who loves everyone! She gets so excited when visitors come to the house because she knows they are there just to see her. She is not much of a guard dog, unless she would lick the robbers to death or they tripped over her while they were taking a TV out the door. She does have a keen sense of knowing when someone is not feeling well and won't leave their side.
Sheila is an Australian Shephard mix adopted from the Belleville Humane Society in 2005. She enjoys long naps, long walks and is

########
Rank: 22
Score: 26.55916
Retrieved Text: Best Dog Walkers in University Place of Houston, TX | Wag!
University Place is located in central-southwest Houston, Texas. The neighborhood is the location of Rice University, museums, and a busy commercial area with shops, restaurants, and services that residents of the neighborhood can walk to easily. The region has a diverse population which includes students of the learning institutions located here and foot travel is a frequent mode of transportation.
Houston has warm weather with pleasant springs and fall temperatures for hiking with your hound. Winters are relatively cold with temperatures usually above freezing and a light jacket is generally sufficient for winter months. Occasional freezing rain episodes make conditions treacherous, so be careful when icy conditions occur. Summer temperatures can be extreme with very hot conditions. Walk your dog early or later in the day to avoid extreme heat. Severe thunderstorms and even tornadoes can occur during summer months. High winds and flash floods present a real hazard to pedestrians and pets strolling the region.
University Place is a triangularly shaped neighborhood with Interstate 69 on the north border, Kirby Drive on the west, and Main Street on the southeast border. The University campuses and museums are dominant landscape features with large grounds and recreational facilities associated with them. There is a commercial area west of Rice University which has less green landscaping and more noise and traffic.
Residential areas have beautiful older homes with various architectural styles. Private properties have large trees, lawns, and gardens and are attractive and green. Many homes even have large backyards with

########
Rank: 23
Score: 26.496223
Retrieved Text: Yes the area was treed and I now read that this is difficult to process after trying again to process the missed area. Overlap was 80%. Some treed areas were captured successfully so I am a bit perplexed. Is there anything that can be done or do I need to fly the area again at 90% overlap and 100m altitude.
The sample that worked out had a bunch of bare ground that isn't heavily treed so it was able to get away with using less overlap. The section that didn't work out on the other one was a heavily treed area. Look at the differences in the areas that you are trying to cover and you will learn what you can and can't get away with.
Thanks. The area that wasn't processed was the same in both submissions. I tried a second time to capture the NW corner thinking I had done something wrong with the upload the first time. I'll try flying with greater overlap next time if it can't be processed.
Can a new flight to capture the NW corner with different altitude and overlap settings be stitched to the area that was successfully processed or do I need to fly the whole area again at the same settings?
For one of them we received 155 images from you. The other had 1068.
The area in the NE corner has a lot more trees and will need more overlap. That is likely why it didn't turn out in either. The rest of the areas had a lot of bare

########
Rank: 24
Score: 26.467632
Retrieved Text: Here is your chance to own an untouched piece of paradise. This lot is located in the Summer Village of White Sands, just a short distance to the lake in Aspen Ridge. Fully treed & there is a higher spot at the back of the lot if you were to build a two storey home you can see the lake. There is no time frame to build. Buffalo Lake is one of the best kept secrets in Central Alberta. There is a boat launch available in White Sands. a community hall and lots of activities that go on throughout the year. Power & gas are at the lot line. Whether you are looking for a summer retreat or year round living, this community would be happy to welcome you.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 26.1947
Retrieved Text: We have an available home currently under construction at 1460 Trumpeters Court. This home sits on a beautiful 2.5 acre treed lot in Hilltop Pines, just off Hwy 105 and Roller Coaster Rd. This modern style home is just under 2,600 square feet - all on one level - with 8 ft doors, three bedrooms, three bathrooms and a large covered terrace off the Great Room. The spacious 4 car garage is nearly 1,500 square feet, fully finished with a large storage area. There is still time to pick your own finishes! Construction should be completed Summer 2019. See floor plan below. Priced at $890,000.
Click on a file below to view the floor plans. All our homes are custom designed and tailored to you.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 26.104385
Retrieved Text: Please visit our Open House at 3364 HENRY ST in Port Moody.
Fantastic Port Moody Location! Parks, Suterbrook Shops, Craft Breweries, close to Westcoast express & minutes walk to the Evergreen sky train Line. Tastefully renovated open floor plan home with 5 bedrooms on a quiet & beautifully treed RARE 9977 SQ FT lot! This home is in move-in condition with updated kitchen, living room & more. Huge backyard with a small running creek perfect for summer entertainment. Upstairs has 3 Bedrooms with ensuite off master bedroom with laundry. Below you will find a spacious licensed 2 Bedroom suite with independent entrance & private laundry, the perfect mortgage helper or more space for you. First showing Friday, March 10 from 6:30 pm to 7:30 pm, Open Houses Sat & Sun March 11 & 12 from 2pm to 4pm.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 26.042711
Retrieved Text: Must have a dog sibling!
According to her foster mom, Chio is awesome! She is gentle, loving, obedient and smart; the perfect balance of calm and playful. And she’s up for anything as long as she is with her people. She’s good with older kids and a bit shy with strangers initially, but that only lasts a few minutes. Chio loves trail walks, is great on leash and enjoys her extended nap time following long walks. During her quiet time she is content to gaze out the window at squirrels.
Chio is house-trained, crate-trained, and great in the car. She likes all dogs she meets and her foster mom feels she would be best with a full time dog pal/mentor. Also, she does needs a fenced yard to run around in. She technically passed her cat test, but we do suggest dog-savvy cats only. As Chio loves to play, we suspect she may be up for a game of chase (even if the cat is not!). Having her people home most of the time, or being taken to work with them, is her dream scenario.
If you already have a dog at home full time and think Chio could be the perfect fit for you and your pup, please apply at www.dibsrescue.com. If you are a family with kids please check out our resources on kids and dogs before you apply (https://dibsrescue.com/kids-dogs/). And – while she is wirey, she does shed a bit!

########
Rank: 28
Score: 26.041643
Retrieved Text: I don’t know about you guys, but I’m having a rough week over here in England.
I do know about you guys. You guys are definitely having a rough week.
Times like this, any balm will do.
I think he’s in the moment of realizing he can’t go home to his tree, because that’s where the dog is staring. I bet he feels pretty smart for thinking ahead.
IMO, it looks like he’s pulling a Jim from The Office at the end.
That squirrel is literally waiting for the pup to notice him so he can be chased!
So who runs first? You run first? I run first?
My old dog loved to chase squirrels at my mom’s house years ago. One day a squirrel would run up a tree, wait for the dog to come back inside, then come back and wait at the bottom of the back deck steps for me to let her out again. This went on for at least a half an hour. They were both having a blast.
I thought the squirrel was wondering what the pup was looking at up the tree.
The ol’ Bugs Bunny maneuver.
Bugs bunny would totally sneak up behind him, make loud chewing-on-his carrot noises until the dog turned around, then ask the dog what he’s doing. Dog will start explaining, then about 10 seconds later, dog will do a comedy double-take, at which point bugs will take off running (with legs spinning in a circle) and the finished carrot would hang in the air for a bit, then drop, and the dog would

########
Rank: 29
Score: 26.037903
Retrieved Text: We’ve all heard it before. Shoot, I bet we’ve all said it before too.
Guess, what? Your kids will be just fine playing outside (and you will too) even when it’s super hot.
Trust me, mine do it all the time, AND we live in an incredibly hot place (with summer temps regularly around 120 F).
The trick is to be smart about it.
1. Avoid the heat of the day. There is usually a block of about three hours that you can easily identify as the hottest time, usually between noon and 3pm. That chunk of time is great for lunch, summer reading, and chores.
2. Time your activities stratigically. Things that are really active should be done at the very end or the very beginning of the day since they require more exertion. For example, in our house bike riding happens before breakfast…and usually in pajamas (don’t judge), and sports with the neighborhood kids happens after dinner.
3. Use shade to your advantage. 100 degrees is a whole lot different in the shade than in the sun. As the day heats up, find a shady area and hang out there. Trust me, your house has four sides so you should be able to find some shade at all times (unless you live in a yurt…then you’re so cool you can do whatever you want). Better yet, find a wooded area and you can likely play under the shaded canopy all day long!
4. Include water. Whether it’s a pool, a lake a river, or just your hose, hot temperatures are always

================



======= Instance Index 90 =========
Input Text: The word "diet" has multiple meanings. Does it have the same meaning in sentences 1 and 2? Yes or no?

Sentence 1: The diet of the Giant Panda consists mainly of bamboo.
Sentence 2: He's been reading a steady diet of nonfiction for the last several years.

Target Text: No

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 47.257267
Retrieved Text: The giant panda is a beloved animal in China. It is regarded (1) a national (2) .It is found mostly in southwestern China in Sichuan, Shaanxi and Gansu provinces. The giant panda is part of the bear family. It has a white coat with black trimmings around its eyes and on its ears, arms, and legs. Adult pandas can be 5 feet (1.5 meters) long and weigh (3) to 330 pounds (150 kilograms). The giant panda leads a (4) life, except during the mating season.
It lives in bamboo forests (5) the mountains. It can climb trees but lives mainly on the ground. (6) most bears, the giant panda does not hibernate. It moves to low-lying areas during the winter in search (7) warmer temperatures. The giant panda has a mainly (8) diet, eating mostly bamboo shoots and leaves. It also eats insects and small rodents. Giant panda breeding groups are small and isolated from one another.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 45.561214
Retrieved Text: Red Pandas - very cute and lovely animals although much less famous than their distant cousin giant panda.
Well, needless to say that I spend most of my time waiting for this shy baby to come down from the canopy of a tree where she was hiding – but it did not happen (in my time there).
For sure I did not let the opportunity of seeing red pandas to pass-by when traveling in China.
With the great enthusiasm and hope I visited the Chongqing Zoo and later the most renowned panda center in Chengdu – The Research Base of Giant Panda Breeding.
The last one although dedicated mainly to giant pandas, holds also a small population of red pandas classified as vulnerable and protected by law species.
For his beautiful reddish fur and long soft tail with six alternating yellowish-red rings, red pandas were precious targets for poachers.
Honestly, once I saw for the first time the red panda I was quite surprised (I’m sure you are as well), because the red panda resembles rather a raccoon in size and appearance than its distant and big - giant brother.
I was lucky to see all these red pandas moving and active, apparently such moments do not last for long because red pandas, similarly as their big "cousins" giant pandas spend most of the day sleeping. They are mainly active during the night and at the dusk.
Red panda is small by all accounts – the adult weights between 3 to 6 kg (6.6 – 13.2 lbs)and has a length from 80 to 120

########
Rank: 2
Score: 44.89768
Retrieved Text: Paleontologists have come across the oldest fossils identified as a relative of the giant panda in Spain, dated from 12 million years ago. A highly peculiar find since this unique animals is native to central-western and south western China.
The giant panda belongs to the order Carnivora, which is rather ironic since its highly specialized diet consists of 99% bamboo. As a result of farming, deforestation and other development, the panda has been driven out of the lowland areas where it once lived. Estimates have only 1,590 individuals living in the wild.
Juan Abella, at the National Museum of Natural Sciences in Spain, and colleagues came across fossils from two specimens identified as a new species called Kretzoiarctos beatrix. One set consists of two teeth and the other a broken mandible and incomplete upper carnassial (large tooth), both however show the characteristics that allow modern pandas bear to successfully live on tough, fibrous plants like bamboo.
Previously the earliest panda relative was found in China and was considerably younger, dated as being 7 to 8 million years. These findings, however, aren’t enough to say that the giant panda developed in Spain and then migrated in China, like some might be quick to shout “missing link”. Some 12 million years ago, the climate in the region was a lot more humid and warm than it is today, meaning there were plenty of fruits and plants that enabled the ancient panda to incorporate more plants in its diet. Scientists aren’t too sure whether bamboo was present at the time, but other

########
Rank: 3
Score: 44.494144
Retrieved Text: The Giant Panda (Ailuropoda melanoleuca, literally meaning cat-foot, black-and-white) is a mammal native to central-western and south-western China. The Giant Panda is a true member of the Ursidae (bear) family. The Giant Panda's closest ursine relative is the Spectacled Bear of South America. The Giant Panda has been referred to as a living fossil. Though it belongs to the order Carnivora, the Giant Panda's diet is 99% bamboo. The other parts of its diet include honey, eggs, fish, yams, shrub leaves, oranges, and bananas when available. The Giant Panda lives in a few mountain ranges in central China, mainly in Sichuan province, but also in the Shaanxi and Gansu provinces. The Giant Panda is an endangered species, threatened by continued habitat loss and by a very low birthrate, both in the wild and in captivity. The Giant Panda is among the world's most adored and protected rare animals, and is one of the few in the world whose natural inhabitant status was able to gain a UNESCO World Heritage Site designation. A spectacular and historic film about mankind’s relationship with our dangerous and beautiful life-giving star.
No reviews for The Giant Panda yet.
the price for The Giant Panda drops.
there are new images or links available for The Giant Panda.
Magic Play Entertainment releases a new product.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 43.696526
Retrieved Text: The giant panda (Ailuropoda melanoleuca, literally “black and white cat-foot”; Chinese: 大熊猫; pinyin: dà xióng māo, literally “big bear cat”), also known as panda bear or simply panda, is a bear native to south central China. It is easily recognized by the large, distinctive black patches around its eyes, over the ears, and across its round body. The name “giant panda” is sometimes used to distinguish it from the unrelated red panda. Though it belongs to the order Carnivora, the giant panda’s diet is over 99% bamboo. Giant pandas in the wild will occasionally eat other grasses, wild tubers, or even meat in the form of birds, rodents or carrion. In captivity, they may receive honey, eggs, fish, yams, shrub leaves, oranges, or bananas along with specially prepared food.
The giant panda lives in a few mountain ranges in central China, mainly in Sichuan province, but also in neighbouring Shaanxi and Gansu. As a result of farming, deforestation, and other development, the giant panda has been driven out of the lowland areas where it once lived.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 42.06311
Retrieved Text: The Giant Panda has many adaptations that helps it survive in the conditions that it lives in. Most of these adaptations are because of the Bamboo that the Panda. The giant panda uses the remainder of its day to rest. Because giant panda bears do not hibernate like other bears, the giant panda's genetic adaptations are. Giant pandas have many adaptations that let them live in a habitat where they mostly eat bamboo. This lesson will teach you about these.
Eating bamboo is a SPECIAL adaptation for a panda to survive. Most of the Giant Panda's adaptations involve the bamboo that it relies on (99% of its diet is. Structural adaptations help Pandas survive,structural adaptations are body coverings and body fur. The Giant Panda has a “sixth toe” that enables it to eat. The Giant Panda has adapted to living in the wild in order for it to survive. One example of the Pandas adaptations are that its head and jaw muscles are stong.
Behavioural Adaptations: Every year the giant panda migrates down to stay warm during the winter. When the giant panda is threatened it will bow its head and. Giant Panda Adaptations By:Zoe Passman Giant Pandas environment. Pandas usually live in mountain ranges in Western China in between.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 39.97575
Retrieved Text: Qingming Festival, also known as “Spring Outing Day”, which always comes in the first week in April of Chinese lunar calendar, has a history of over 2,500 years and is a very significant traditional festival in China. Apart from the traditional customs such as fire ban and tomb-sweeping that we are familiar with, there are also outings, swinging, playing polo, etc. People living in the giant pandas’ hometown have a tradition of eating “Qingtuan” (“Sweet Green Rice Ball”) during Qingming Festival. The method of making “Qingtuan” is to chop up the freshly harvested cudweed, mix with glutinous rice flour and wheat flour in a certain proportion, knead and make a shape, at last put it in a steamer.
So, are the name and shape of the food reminding you of anything? If you do not get the idea, you can find the answer in the picture below. If you already have a answer, you can see if you are right.
Ha-ha, now you must have seen the highlights in the picture! The traditional food “Qingtuan” that we ate at the Qingming Festival is not only similar to the giant panda’s feces in appearance, but also has the same name! Therefore, it is one of the important reasons why panda fans love to refer to such traditional food as “Sweet Green Rice Ball” rather than “Qingtuan”.
Take a close look at the giant panda's “Qingtuan” (feces). It’s green or yellow in an ellipsoidal shape, and its bamboo splinter remains almost unchanged in appearance, so it is easy to figure out

########
Rank: 7
Score: 39.26192
Retrieved Text: The Giant Panda is a bear native to central-western and south western China. It is easily recognized by its large, distinctive black patches around the eyes, over the ears, and across its round body. Though it belongs to the order Carnivora, the Giant Panda's diet is 99% bamboo. Other parts of its diet include honey, eggs, fish, yams, shrub leaves, oranges, and bananas when available.
The Giant Panda lives in a few mountain ranges in central China. Due to farming, deforestation, and other development, the Giant Panda has been driven out of the lowland areas where it once lived.
The Giant Panda has a black-and-white coat. Adults measure around 1.5 meters long and around 75 centimeters tall at the shoulder.
The Giant Panda has a body shape typical of bears. It has black fur on its ears, eye patches, muzzle, legs, arms and shoulders. The rest of the animal's coat is white. Although scientists do not know why these unusual bears are black and white, some speculate that the bold coloring provides effective camouflage into its shade-dappled snowy and rocky surroundings. The Giant Panda's thick, wooly coat keeps it warm in the cool forests of its habitat. The Giant Panda has large molar teeth and strong jaw muscles for crushing tough bamboo.
In the wild, the Giant Panda is a terrestrial animal and primarily spends its life roaming and feeding in the bamboo forests. Though generally alone, each adult has a defined territory and females are not tolerant of other females in their range. Pandas communicate through vocalization and scent

########
Rank: 8
Score: 39.071278
Retrieved Text: WASHINGTON, D.C. — Smithsonian’s National Zoo’s giant panda cub Bei Bei is stable and recovering following an emergency bowel obstruction surgery to remove a dense, masticated lemon-sized mass of bamboo.
On Thursday, giant panda cub Bei Bei showed signs of stomach discomfort and nausea. Earlier this morning, Nov. 25, Bei Bei was taken to the vet hospital for further evaluation. Volunteer Dr. Elyshia Hankin performed an ultrasound of his stomach and bowels revealing a blockage at the top of the small intestine.
Volunteer Dr. Sebastian Gordon performed life-saving surgery to remove the mass of bamboo that was distending the small intestine and preventing intestinal movement.
Bei Bei is awake and recovering in the David M. Rubenstein Giant Panda Habitat. Veterinary, animal care and nutrition staff will focus on getting his gastrointestinal tract moving smoothly and managing any discomfort.
Bei Bei will be given water overnight and will then be transitioned to soft foods such as sweet potatoes, pears and ground up leaf-eater biscuits. When bamboo is added back to his diet, it will likely be finely cut leaves. There is every expectation Bei Bei will return to his normal diet in the near future.
To ensure his recovery goes smoothly and veterinary and animal care staff have access to Bei Bei, he will be housed separately from Mei Xiang, his mother, and off the panda cams for the next few days. The Zoo will provide daily updates on Bei Bei’s recovery via social media. The panda house is temporarily closed. Bao Bao, Mei Xiang and Tian Tian may be viewed in

########
Rank: 9
Score: 38.959053
Retrieved Text: The maximum speed it is able to reach is 32kph (20mph). The life span is 20 - 35 years. The average weight of the giant panda bear is 110kg - 250kg (242lbs - 551lbs). Giant Panda Bear usually inhabits high-altitude, moist bamboo forest. It has a fur skin type. The diet is omnivore.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 38.05644
Retrieved Text: The Wolong Panda Reserve Research Center was been set up through the Chinese government quite back in the year 1958 as to set aside the on the way out populations of panda. The Panda Reserve is placed at a distance of a 3 hours long drive as of Chengdu. It is a natural reserve that covers a total area of more than 200,000 hectares as well as is known to be the largest panda reserve located in China. Wolong Panda Reserve Research Center was been added to the UNESCO list of World Heritage Site in the year 1980.
All through the past many year ever since the expansion of the Wolong Panda Reserve, survival rates of the unnaturally bred baby panda has amplified as of 30% to 90% in the year 2003. Wolong Panda Reserve was opened up as wildlife observation areas, as well as attracts more than 100,000 tourists every year. The Wolong Giant Panda Reserve is as well an abode to various other exceptional along with in danger of extinction wild animals for instance the golden monkey, red panda, gnu (also known as Wildebeest), and many more.
The Giant Panda is frequently classified into the bear family, as well as is native to the central regions and southern regions of China. The main food of the Giant Panda is bamboo; on the other hand they as well gobble various other foods for instance eggs, honey, and fish. The Giant Panda is known to be one of the most dying out species all across the world by

########
Rank: 11
Score: 37.14859
Retrieved Text: Grizz, Ice Bear, and Panda Bear are the loveable bears featured as the main We Bare Bears Characters. The three bears are adopted brothers and live in Seattle together, getting into all sorts of shenanigans and having wacky adventures! But how do the three bears measure up to their wild counterparts?
Read on for some fun facts about wild bears!
Grizzly “Grizz” Bear is the leader of the three adoptive brothers. Grizz is gluttonous, outgoing, and optimistic! Grizz was born in Canada, but unfortunately, the forest where he lived was being cut down, and Grizz had to leave. He now lives in Seattle with Panda Bear and Ice Bear.
Grizz is a grizzly bear and has brown fur and black eyes. He is of average size for an adult male grizzly bear standing six feet tall and weighing 600 pounds! Much like a wild Grizzly Bear, Grizz has been known to hibernate. He is a little bit lazy, messy and prone to mood swings. Grizz can roar very loudly! Grizz is very strong and has an excellent sense of smell. He loves to eat – particularly burritos – and he can eat more than Panda and Ice Bear, his fellow We Bare Bears characters, in less amount of time.
Grizzly bears are also known as the North American Brown Bear as they can be found in Alaska, Western Canada, and the Northwestern USA. Grizzlies have long claws that are great for digging and are known for the distinctive hump on their shoulder. Grizzly bears hibernate for 5-7 months of the

########
Rank: 12
Score: 36.72226
Retrieved Text: Giant pandas are black and pale bears, and in the wild, they live in very thick bamboo forest, high up in the mountains of central China. These cool animals are omnivores. But while they mostly eat tiny animals and fish, bamboo counts as 99 percent of their diet. Only 2,000 pandas are found in the wild. The panda is really a member of the bear family.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 36.60735
Retrieved Text: This assessment is one in a series resulting from a WWF study that assesses the vulnerability of numerous species to the effects of climate change. For each species, we also recommend climate-adaptive management strategies. View other species in the series.
GIANT PANDA (Ailuropoda melanoleuca) population numbers have begun to increase in parts of their range, but their overall population size still remains very small, and only 6 populations have more than 100 individuals. This, coupled with a long generation time and low reproductive rate, will limit their ability to adapt to a changing climate.
Bamboo makes up almost 90% of their diet, and may itself be quite vulnerable in a changing climate. It is subject to periodic, synchronous flowering and die-off, forcing giant pandas to relocate to areas with healthy bamboo. Bamboo has a slow colonization rate, and may not be able to shift to higher elevations or latitudes at the same rate as giant pandas might.
Human activities such as agriculture, logging, and infrastructure development also pose a big threat. Giant pandas have been allowed to persist only at elevations higher than land that can be used for productive agriculture. However, as the agricultural value of land in current panda habitat increases under a changing climate, activities like growing crops and grazing livestock may further encroach on their habitat.
Priorities for climate-informed giant panda conservation should include maintaining and increasing suitable, connected habitat, and restoration of habitat with bamboo species or genotypes which are adapted to a warmer climate. It is also essential to help people adapt to the

########
Rank: 14
Score: 36.22331
Retrieved Text: Adored around the world, the distinctive black and white animal is a national treasure in China and has been the symbol of WWF since its formation in 1961.
While its numbers are slowly increasing, the giant panda remains one of the rarest and most endangered bears in the world.
Learn more about this amazing species!
Habitat: where do they live?
Diet: what do they eat?
After decades of effort, wild panda numbers are rising, but there are still only 1,864 spread across 20 pockets of bamboo forest. And the remaining pandas still face a number of threats, particularly habitat loss and fragmentation.
But the Chinese government is committed to conserving the species and its habitat, and has already drastically increased the number of panda reserves.
WWF has been active in giant panda conservation since 1980, and is continuing to support the government's efforts to give the species more room to feed and breed.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 36.192764
Retrieved Text: The Giant panda seems as elusive in art as it has been in nature. In early Chinese Art, bears not Panda bears were carved into jade. However, the mountains where the pandas live have been well represented in Chinese paintings.
The traditional Chinese landscapes known as "shan-shui", or mountains/water is one of the most enduring subjects of Chinese Art. Bamboo, the main diet of the Panda bear, has also been a main subject of artists throughout time. The artists now include the Panda bear in their paintings. Paintings of Giant pandas appeared only recently in Chinese art due to the excitement pandas generated among Westerners in this century. Like the inspirational quality of some earlier Chinese paintings the images of Giant Pandas in paintings may serve to educate and inspire others to value one of China's National Treasurers.
Chinese Deer Painting: Symbolize Long Life for giving blessing of longevity. In ancient China, people thought the deer is ..
The Rooster or Chicken is the tenth of the twelve-year cycle of animals which appear in the "shengxiao", ..
This entry was posted in Animal Paintings, Chinese Painting Animal, Chinese Paintings, ink paintings and tagged animals, chinese art, Chinese Paintings, panda, panda paintings. Bookmark the permalink.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 36.151478
Retrieved Text: The free animal screensaver, Giant Panda, contains 27 images of Giant Panda bears. The giant panda (Ailuropoda melanoleuca, black-and-white cat-foot, Hanyu Pinyin) is a mammal classified in the bear family, Ursidae, native to central-western and southwestern China. It is easily recognized by its large, distinctive black patches around the eyes, over the ears, and across its round body. Though belonging to the order Carnivora, the panda has a diet which is 99% bamboo. Pandas may eat other foods such as honey, eggs, fish and yams.The Giant Panda is an endangered animal; an estimated 2,000 pandas live in the wild and over 180 were reported to live in captivity by August 2006 in mainland China (another source by the end of 2006 put the figure for China at 221), with twenty pandas living outside of China. Reports show that the numbers of wild panda are on the rise. - wikiGiant Panda is a free screensaver created by RateMyScreensaver.com. Screensaver Picture Count: 27 Free Screensaver Type: Slideshow Credit: All images in this free animal screensaver fall under one of the following licenses: Creative Commons, Attribution ShareAlike 2.0, Attribution ShareAlike 2.5, public domain, GNU Free Documentation License. RateMyScreensaver - Free screensaver downloads and reviews. Free screensaver downloads and reviews with thumbnail previews, descriptions, comments and ratings. Our free screensaver categories include: animals, space, celebrities, holidays, movies, nature, special effects, and sports. Note: Download That periodically updates software info, pricing of Giant Panda Screensaver from the developer. Please confirm all information before relying on it. Software piracy is theft and

########
Rank: 17
Score: 36.027813
Retrieved Text: What is the giant panda?
The name “giant panda” is sometimes used to distinguish it from the unrelated red panda. Though it belongs to the order Carnivora, the giant panda’s diet is over 99% bamboo. Giant pandas in the wild will occasionally eat other grasses, wild tubers, or even meat in the form of birds, rodents, or carrion. As a result of farming, deforestation, and other development, the giant panda has been driven out of the lowland areas where it once lived.
While the dragon has often served as China’s national symbol, internationally the giant panda appears at least as commonly. As such, it is becoming widely used within China in international contexts, for example as one of the five Fuwa mascots of the Beijing Olympics.
The population boom in China after 1949 created stress on the pandas’ habitat, and the subsequent famines led to the increased hunting of wildlife, including pandas. During the Cultural Revolution, all studies and conservation activities on the pandas were stopped. After the Chinese economic reform, demand for panda skins from Hong Kong and Japan led to illegal poaching for the black market, acts generally ignored by the local officials at the time.
In the 1990s, however, several laws (including gun control and the removal of resident humans from the reserves) helped their chances of survival. With these renewed efforts and improved conservation methods, wild pandas have started to increase in numbers in some areas, though they still are classified as a rare species.
The giant panda is among the world’s most adored and protected rare

########
Rank: 18
Score: 35.449066
Retrieved Text: Legend states that the pandas were once all white bears. A young girl was killed while trying to save a panda cub from a leopard and supposedly the Pandas arrived to her funeral wearing an armband of black ash. As they hugged each other and wiped their tears and covered their ears the black ash smudged. Read on some interesting facts about panda including answers to some questions like are pandas bears.
During the Han dynasty in China (206 BC – 24 AD), Pandas were believed to possess mystical powers and hence were highly prized and were a part of the emperor’s gardens. Pandas are considered as the national treasure in China.
Jiajia is the oldest recorded Panda (in captive) in the world. She brought in her 37th birthday in 2015 (110 years old in human years) in Hong Kong’s Ocean park, with a birthday cake made of fruity ice from the Guinness World Records.
Scientist Gordon Buchanan conducted a BBC1 study which found out that the large front facing eyes and furry body of a Panda, appeal to our ‘cuteness receptors’ and hence they are so popular and liked by almost all of us.
A panda’s diet consists of 99% bamboo shoots and leaves, which doesn’t contain much nutritional value. Its digestive system is carnivore adapted, making it unable to digest cellulose wall and hence pandas live on a low energy sedentary lifestyle, eating up to 30 pounds of bamboo a day, just to stay full.
Giant pandas that live in captivity consume flowers, small animals, fish, milk, ground meat.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 35.40985
Retrieved Text: Liang Chunping and Luo Chunping are members of one of the world's smallest occupations. They are wild panda trackers employed by the Wanglang National Nature Reserve in Sichuan Province, home to nearly 300 giant pandas.
Liang and Luo, both at their 30s, share the same given name and the same passion for nature. They joined the reserve after leaving the army 10 years ago and have been chasing giant pandas through the bamboo forests of the reserve ever since. They were trained by zoologists, but mainly rely on their instincts and physical fitness to keep pace with their surprisingly sprightly and elusive quarry.
The trackers are currently collecting preliminary data for China's fourth national giant panda census, due to take place in June. The previous census counted 1,200 wild pandas in Sichuan Province, including 260 in the Wanglang reserve.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 35.311207
Retrieved Text: The animal coined as the giant panda exists today known simply as the panda bear. The bears’ attractive faces lure children, creating a yearning to see the majestic creature. Native to South Central China, the civilian inhabitants called it¨big bear cat¨.
Animals belong to specific classes which recognize their diets, and the panda belongs to the class of carnivora. Although it resides in this consumption category, the bear consumers solely a diet of 99% bamboo. The bear strays from meat with occasional appetites for a bird or rodent. It disregards its title, chomping its white teeth on greenery and grasses.
Zoos hold the creature in a cage, administering honey, yams, and even fish to the white bear with black accented patches. Bears commonly live in the mountains, making the panda’s home in the mountain ranges of Central China. The animalia kingdom member lived once in the lowlands, but suffered when driven out as a result of deforestation and farming.
The known species held the classification of ¨endangered¨, but that changed when reports emerged that the world holds over 2,000 individual pandas. The shift earned the animal the status of ¨vulnerable¨.
Both the United States and China view pandas as creatures of peace.. The black, splotched bear remains famous in China not only because of its continued footsteps as time passes without extinction, but also because the animal has value within China and internationally.
The dragon holds sacred meaning to many in China, serving as its national symbol, but the panda or the ¨giant bear cat¨ appears as much as the dragon

########
Rank: 21
Score: 35.045326
Retrieved Text: The giant Panda has a distinctive white head with black eye patches, ears and shoulders. Unlike other bear species, giant pandas are herbivorous, spending up to 12 hours a day chewing bamboo shoots and roots. Because of poaching and habitat loss, they are extremely rare, occurring in small populations in the bamboo forest of China. Despite being the subject of major international conservation efforts, wild populations of giant pandas may not be enough to save this species.
Giant pandas have lived in the bamboo forests of China for millions of years and have been honored by the Chinese for a very long time. In fact, giant pandas have appeared in Chinese art for thousands of years. Because the giant panda is considered a national treasure in China, it is protected by law so that it does not become extinct.
By what has the panda been protected so that it does not become extinct?
How long have giant pandas lived in the bamboo forests?
Where have pandas appeared for thousands of years?
At the end of the day, how much time has a panda spent chewing bamboo?
What have pandas been considered by the Chinese people?
who has honored the pandas for a very long time?

########
Rank: 22
Score: 34.82942
Retrieved Text: Home > Giant Panda Information > Interesting Facts of Giant Pandas > Are all kinds of bamboo suitable food for the Giant Panda?
There are 60 kinds of bamboo that are suitable. Giant Pandas live in different regions, with different preferences.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 34.743744
Retrieved Text: Although giant pandas will eat a large variety of plants, the overwhelming bulk of their diet, over 99%, consists of bamboo leaves, stems and shoots. Over fifteen different varieties of bamboo grow within the region.
Because of the giant pandas still quite inefficient intestinal system, it must eat great amounts of bamboo each day in order to get sufficient nutrition to survive. Feeding for 12 to 16 hours each day, giant pandas will consume 10 to 18 kilograms (22 to 40 pounds) of bamboo leaves and stems. When consuming fresh bamboo shoots, the necessary intake rises to approximately 38 kilograms (84 pounds) each day.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 34.121513
Retrieved Text: When images of a wild giant panda gnawing on a takin carcass in China’s Sichuan Province were recently captured on motion-sensor cameras, researchers were caught by surprise. Although pandas are technically carnivores, their diets today consist almost entirely (99 percent) of bamboo leaves, stems and shoots. The new photos provide visual evidence that pandas—at least occasionally—still eat meat.
What’s just as newsworthy, though, is where these images were taken: the cameras were positioned on China’s first land trust reserve, the first organized form of private land conservation in the country. Set up with the help of The Nature Conservancy, the Motianling Land Trust Reserve located in Sichuan Province’s Pingwu County is believed to harbor Asian black bears, golden snub-nosed monkeys, musk deer, porcupines, several bird species, takins and 10 to 20 giant pandas, an endangered species that is almost entirely limited to Sichuan.
Will land trust reserves—long used in the United States—become a workable, successful model for conservation in China?
In the footage taken in China’s Motianling Land Trust Reserve, the giant panda feeds on the takin carcass for more than six hours, making this the most extensive photographic record of a wild panda eating meat. While primarily herbivorous, giant pandas still retain their ursine teeth and will eat meat, fish and eggs when available. So while the fact that pandas are carnivores isn’t exactly news to scientists—evidence in feces has shown that pandas do sometimes consume meat—up until now, there have been very few photos of them actually doing so.
What’s a bit more puzzling is that there is

########
Rank: 25
Score: 33.88215
Retrieved Text: The panda also has a special significance for WWF because it has been WWF's logo since our founding in Pandas live mainly in bamboo forests high in. a First office opened 11 September in Morges, Switzerland. b Also the WWF's first . WWF's giant panda logo originated from a panda named Chii Chii that had been transferred from Beijing Zoo to London Zoo in , three years before. 7 Jun World Wildlife Fund logo sketches. The inspiration came from Chi-Chi: a giant panda that had arrived at the London Zoo in the year , when.
WWF is the world's leading independent conservation organisation. We're determined to ensure that people and nature can thrive together, for generations to. 12 Dec The World Wildlife Fund, dedicated to protecting the future of nature, has used the giant panda in its iconic black and white logo since but if the logo has already been incorporated by WWF in an image, banner or flash presentation, then that is OK - though you must never use such material to.
WWF was the first international conservation organization to work in China at the Chinese government's What is the story behind WWF's panda logo?. WWF is renowned and recognized by its famous Panda logo which was designed by Sir Peter Scott, a British conservationist and ornithologist, in It took off. The World Wide Fund for Nature (WWF) is an international non-governmental organization working on issues regarding the conservation, research and. 17 Dec Download the vector logo of the WWF brand designed by in Encapsulated PostScript (EPS)

########
Rank: 26
Score: 33.589973
Retrieved Text: When thinking about a panda, generally, the big, fat, black and white, bear comes to mind. Hardly ever does a small, foxlike creature pop into someone's head when thinking of the word "panda". The red panda has an interesting habitat, appearance, adaptations, history, and much more. There seems to be something anyone can find interesting about it no matter what. There is plenty to learn about this red panda that seems nothing like a panda at all.
The red panda's scientific name is Ailurus Fulgens (Salesa, 2006 #1). The red panda's name means "shining-cat" (anonymous 2012 a, #1). Their name is also thought to mean "fire-colored cat" (anonymous, 2012, c, #1). Red pandas are sometimes even called "wah" (anonymous 2012, b, #2). They were given this name due to the sound of their cry (anonymous 2012, b, #2). This adorable animal is also knows as the "fire-fox" (Swyers 2012, #2). This small, catlike animal is classified in the Animalia Kingdom (anonymous 2012, b, #1). They are in the Phylum of Chordata while being in the Class Mammalia, and they are in the Carnivora Order (anonymous 2012 b, #1). Red pandas are part of the Procyonidae Family, while in the Ailurus Genus (anonymous 2012, b, #1). The red panda's species is Ailurus Fulgens (anonymous 2012, b, #1). Even though the red panda looks nothing like the giant panda, they are in fact related (Maatta, 2012, #1).
Researchers have found classifying the red panda to be very difficult (anonymous, 2012, c, #4). At first, the red panda was placed in

########
Rank: 27
Score: 32.97211
Retrieved Text: Belgian researchers are examining the excrement of giant pandas to try to understand how they can digest tough bamboo, hoping for clues on how to develop new generations of biofuel.
While a few scientific studies have looked into the digestive tract of the endangered panda, the researchers say their study is the first to focus on the microorganisms in the animal’s gut, Reuters reported.
The genetic make-up of pandas is that of a carnivore but the animals have adapted to a diet consisting almost exclusively of bamboo.
“We can look for new enzymes which could be used to degrade tough biomass,” said Korneel Rabaey, professor for biochemical and microbial technology at Ghent University.
The results of the study may point to new, cheaper ways to produce so-called second generation biofuels made from plants and biomass not destined for consumption such as corn stalks.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 32.823177
Retrieved Text: The giant panda completes the Schleich panda family. The giant panda completes the Schleich panda family. The male appears in a cute, sitting position, nibbling on a bamboo tree. Hand painted figurine. Non-scale figurine.
Measures approximately: 2.28 x 2.68 x 2.99 inches..

########
Rank: 29
Score: 32.726772
Retrieved Text: China is regarded by many as a land of mystery. Between its rich culture, unique geography and fascinating history, you could spend a lifetime studying China. We scheduled our unit on China to coincide with the Chinese New Year.
One of the first areas we delved into was China’s writing system. It was fun to study the various kanji, or Chinese symbols, to learn their meanings. With brushes and bamboo pens we practiced making these symbols, combining them to depict various meanings.
We studied several books of Chinese art and crafts and made our own cherry blossom pictures, fans and lanterns. We also began the process of making our own paper.
Each day we have been working on our map of China to include its geographic features, ecological regions and major landmarks.
The waters around China are as significant as the land. We learned about a type of boat, the Chinese junk, and made a model to sail in the creek next to our school. This coincided with a series of experiments and demonstrations we had been conducting on sinking/floating and density.
There are many ways we can talk about how long the Great Wall is. We decided to use our Mortensen rods to help us envision it. We compared the distance to more familiar distances and then calculated how long it would take to walk and drive the length of the wall.
Of course, you cannot study China without encountering one of its most fascinating animals, the giant panda. Known for its reclusive behavior and striking coloration, this cuddly-looking creature spends

================



======= Instance Index 256 =========
Input Text: The word "cognate" has multiple meanings. Does it have the same meaning in sentences 1 and 2? Yes or no?

Sentence 1: English is a cognate of Greek, German, Russian and Persian.
Sentence 2: English and, Russian, Icelandic and Irish are all cognates.

Target Text: Yes

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 47.012974
Retrieved Text: In linguistics, cognates are words that have a common etymological origin.  Cognates are often inherited from a shared parent language, but they may also involve borrowings from some other language. For example, the English words dish and desk and the German word Tisch ("table") are cognates because they all come from Latin discus, which relates to their flat surfaces. Cognates may have evolved similar, different or even opposite meanings, but in most cases there are some similar sounds or letters in the words, in some cases appearing to be dissimilar. Some words sound similar, but don't come from the same root; these are called false cognates.
Examples of cognates in Indo-European languages are the words night ( English), nuit ( French), noche ( Spanish), Nacht ( German), nacht ( Dutch), nag ( Afrikaans), nicht ( Scots), natt ( Swedish, Norwegian), nat ( Danish), nátt ( Faroese), nótt ( Icelandic), noc ( Czech, Slovak, Polish), ночь, noch ( Russian), ноќ, noć ( Macedonian), нощ, nosht ( Bulgarian), ніч, nich ( Ukrainian), ноч, noch/noč ( Belarusian), noč ( Slovene), noć ( Bosnian, Serbian, Croatian), νύξ, nyx ( Ancient Greek, νύχτα/nychta in Modern Greek), nox/nocte ( Latin), nakt- ( Sanskrit), natë ( Albanian), nos ( Welsh), nueche ( Asturian), noite ( Portuguese and Galician), notte ( Italian), nit ( Catalan), nuèch/nuèit ( Occitan), noapte ( Romanian), nakts ( Latvian), naktis ( Lithuanian) and Naach ( Colognian), all meaning "night" and being derived from the Proto-Indo-European *nókʷts "night".
Another Indo-European example is star ( English), str- ( Sanskrit), tara ( Hindustani

########
Rank: 1
Score: 45.723003
Retrieved Text: In linguistics, cognates are words that have a common etymological origin.  Cognates are often inherited from a shared parent language, but they may also involve borrowings from some other language. For example, the English words dish and desk and the German word Tisch ("table") are cognates because they all come from Latin discus, which relates to their flat surfaces. Cognates may have evolved similar, different or even opposite meanings, but in most cases there are some similar sounds or letters in the words, in some cases appearing to be dissimilar. Some words sound similar, but don't come from the same root; these are called false cognates.
Examples of cognates in Indo-European languages are the words night ( English), nuit ( French), noche ( Spanish), Nacht ( German), nacht ( Dutch), nag ( Afrikaans), nicht ( Scots), natt ( Swedish, Norwegian), nat ( Danish), nátt ( Faroese), nótt ( Icelandic), noc ( Czech, Slovak, Polish), ночь, noch ( Russian), ноќ, noć ( Macedonian), нощ, nosht ( Bulgarian), ніч, nich ( Ukrainian), ноч, noch/noč ( Belarusian), noč ( Slovene), noć ( Bosnian, Serbian, Croatian), νύξ, nyx ( Ancient Greek, νύχτα/nychta in Modern Greek), nox/nocte ( Latin), nakt- ( Sanskrit), natë ( Albanian), nos ( Welsh), nueche ( Asturian), noite ( Portuguese and Galician), notte ( Italian), nit ( Catalan), nuèch/nuèit ( Occitan), noapte ( Romanian), nakts ( Latvian), naktis ( Lithuanian) and Naach ( Colognian), all meaning "night" and being derived from the Proto-Indo-European *nókʷts "night".
Another Indo-European example is star ( English), str- ( Sanskrit), tara ( Hindustani

########
Rank: 2
Score: 44.86647
Retrieved Text: Nv114m901ad4. Android 6.0.1 or android 7.1.1. Suzuki. Iso cable. Wholesale 2 din 7.1 android. English. Wholesale kits radio. Metal+ abs. Wholesale k7 kia. Romanian,japanese,turkish,italian,finnish,ukrainian,russian,chinese (traditional),chinese (simplified),english. Alfa romeo  156. 2010 crv.
Hyundai tucson/ix35 2009-2012. 45*24*20. 2006 ford fiesta. Ha5261-v840. 0.31kg. S1209h. Spanish,turkish,russian,japanese,portuguese,thai,chinese (simplified),russian,italian,chinese (traditional),arabic,danish,german,malay,english,korean. Vietnamese,spanish,bulgarian,norwegian,portuguese,macedonian,danish,indonesia,albanian,arabic,swedish,japanese,greek,korean,polish,croatian,turkish,swahili,finnish,ukrainian,azeri,welsh,french,armenian,estonian,hungarian,maltese,slovak,thai,malay,german,romanian,lithuanian,slovenian,latin,filipino,dutch,irish,spain's basque,belarusian,yiddish,latvian,serbian,hebrew,italian,persian,russian,chinese (traditional),chinese (simplified),english. 2.35kgCar monitors: Kn-kc702c. Kia kx5 2017. 2011,2013,2009,2010,2015,2012,2014. 1 din tablet. Charger,touch screen,tv,mobile phone,mp3 players,fm transmitter,radio tuner. Spanish,portuguese,swedish,czech,japanese,greek,korean,polish,turkish,italian,finnish,russian,french,thai,chinese (traditional),chinese (simplified),german,english. Dvd for mitsubishi l200. Cassette.
230(top width)*120mm(high)*230mm(bottom width). 201 mp5. 17.500 x 15.000 x 10.000 cm / 6.890 x 5.906 x 3.937 inches. Fit for : Model: Klyde. Support video/audio in. Free gifts: Cotrex quad core,2gb ram. 1.3g quad core cpu with 1g ddr3. Dc 12v. Bulgarian,spanish,portuguese,danish,indonesia,arabic,swedish,czech,japanese,greek,korean,turkish,finnish,french,armenian,thai,slovak,german,romanian,lithuanian,slovenian,dutch,latvian,italian,hebrew,russian,english. Chinese (simplified),spanish,turkish,russian,norwegian,german,english. Ford focus 3  2013Na02a53bm0709e53a6. Spanish,portuguese,arabic,czech,italian,hebrew,russian,french,thai,german. 6.2inch 800*480 digital screen in dash car dvd player,. 2din car radio for toyota corolla. 2011,2010,2012,2009. Android polo.
Accent android lte. Nissan navara touch screen car dvd player. Wholesale headrest monitor car. For renault. Metal+plastic. Dabc-5989. Slovenian,serbian,spanish,turkish,russian,hebrew,albanian,indonesia,romanian,finnish,norwegian,macedonian,hungarian,filipino,swedish,slovak,french,japanese,lithuanian,estonian,polish,portuguese,thai,chinese (simplified),dutch,icelandic,russian,italian,chinese (traditional),vietnamese,bulgarian,latvian,arabic,persian,czech,danish,greek,german,malay,english,croatian,azeri,korean. 10.1 inch 2 din gps radio stereo. Glass + metal + plastic. Gps nissan juke. Vietnamese,spanish,bulgarian,norwegian,portuguese,macedonian,danish,indonesia,albanian,arabic,swedish,japanese,czech,greek,korean,polish,croatian,turkish,finnish,catalan,ukrainian,azeri,icelandic,french,armenian,estonian,hungarian,maltese,slovak,thai,malay,german,romanian,lithuanian,slovenian,latin,filipino,dutch,irish,belarusian,galicia,latvian,serbian,hebrew,italian,persian,russian,hindi,chinese (traditional),chinese (simplified),english. Mtk7698. Spanish,bulgarian,norwegian,portuguese,macedonian,danish,indonesia,albanian,arabic,swedish,japanese,czech,greek,korean,croatian,polish,turkish,finnish,azeri,icelandic,french,estonian,hungarian,thai,slovak,malay,german,romanian,lithuanian,slovenian,dutch,filipino,latvian,hebrew,italian,russian,chinese (traditional),chinese (simplified),english.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 43.88546
Retrieved Text: Dasbr-9730b. Spanish,portuguese,japanese,turkish,italian,russian,french,chinese (traditional),chinese (simplified),german,english. 2015,2006,2007,2011,2008,2009,2010,2014,2012,2005,2013. Wholesale kia morning  picanto. Bluetooth,touch screen,radio tuner,built-in gps. Universal for series of volkswagen. Daqy-3999. B2300-year: Chinese (simplified),dutch,russian,turkish,russian,arabic,french,german,english,polish,portuguese,korean. Built-in europe map. Wholesale captiva chevrolet 2018. 178*100*39 mm.
2.8kg. For toyota corolla (2007-2012)/altis. 200 * 132 * 100mmVietnamese,spanish,georgian,bulgarian,norwegian,portuguese,danish,indonesia,arabic,swedish,czech,japanese,greek,korean,croatian,polish,turkish,swahili,boolean text (dutch south africa),finnish,catalan,ukrainian,azeri,french,armenian,estonian,hungarian,slovak,thai,malay,german,romanian,lithuanian,slovenian,filipino,dutch,latvian,serbian,hebrew,italian,persian,russian,hindi,chinese (traditional),chinese (simplified),english. Support parking assistance : For hyundai elantra 2014. 8kd-7042. Hf-7065. Is support rear view camera: Opel vauxhall insignia 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013. H8701a7px3-a. 2000-2009. 2010,2011,2007,2008. Battering ram.
20*13.2*10cm. Bw-92003. Aux sd usb rca. Vietnamese,spanish,bulgarian,norwegian,portuguese,macedonian,danish,indonesia,arabic,swedish,japanese,czech,greek,korean,croatian,polish,turkish,finnish,ukrainian,icelandic,armenian,french,estonian,maltese,hungarian,thai,malay,german,romanian,lithuanian,slovenian,latin,filipino,dutch,irish,belarusian,galicia,latvian,serbian,italian,persian,russian,hindi,chinese (traditional),chinese (simplified),english. 2015,2011,2010,2014,2013,2012. Wholesale megane 1 renault. Cpu is 800mhz. Mkd-739y. 2din 7inch radio. Turkish,spanish,russian,french,japanese,portuguese,chinese (simplified),russian,chinese (traditional),german,englishAd60e469002. Na02a53bz0704w203a6. Bmw  e90. Kf-v2673q. Wholesale alfa wifi.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 42.952797
Retrieved Text: Fit for benz c w205 2014 car. Bluetooth phone mercedes. Iso or nissan. Vw android 5.1 player. Hyundai accent steering wheel audio control. 7.0 android. Wholesale auris. Hd capacitive screen 1024*600. Bluetooth  adapter. Ml320. 7'' capacitive full-touch screen.
Wholesale echo toyota. Chinese (simplified),spanish,turkish,russian,indonesia,italian,chinese (traditional),arabic,french,german,english,polish,portuguese. Double din android 6.0 gps player. Wifi video phone. Mercedes benz cls class w219 clk350 clk430 clk500 clk550 clk55. Indonesia,romanian,finnish,norwegian,french,japanese,urdu india,polish,chinese (simplified),dutch,russian,italian,chinese (traditional),belarusian,persian,danish,armenian,german,english,korean. Car gps for vitara. Vietnamese,spanish,bulgarian,norwegian,portuguese,macedonian,danish,indonesia,arabic,swedish,japanese,czech,greek,korean,polish,croatian,turkish,finnish,icelandic,french,estonian,hungarian,maltese,slovak,thai,malay,german,romanian,lithuanian,slovenian,filipino,dutch,irish,belarusian,latvian,hebrew,italian,persian,russian,chinese (traditional),englishScreen tiida. 2005,2010,2011,2007,2008,2004,2003,2002,2012,2006. Os system: Kia head units. Kf-v2763q. Optima kia 2011. Autoradio 1 din pure android. Host controller usb. For toyota highlander xu50 / kluger. Toyota prado 150 2010-2013 car android 7.1.1.
Usb / sd / mmc card reader. X6 bmw. Wholesale nissan versaBluetooth car stereo player. Ford c-max s-max  focus galaxy kuga mondeoExteriore accessories car. For bmw mini. Jeep cherokee 2014 2015 2016 canbus included. 911-year: 18 * 10 * 5.5cm. 2008,2011,2009,2005,2010,2006,2007,2004.
178*122*100mm. 1999 toyota corolla. Mercedes sprinter gps. Spanish,portuguese,danish,italian,russian,french,chinese (simplified),english,german. For mitsubishi lancer: Chinese (traditional),russian,arabic,english,german,spanish,greek,italian,chinese (simplified),portuguese,hebrew,russian,french. Support 3g network,support can-bus,support steering wheel control,wifi function. 176mm*102mm. Spanish,portuguese,arabic,turkish,hebrew,italian,russian,french,chinese (traditional),chinese (simplified),english. Capacitive full touch screen. 6.2" 2 din radio (l 178mm * w 100mm ). Car gps for cx-5: Portable bluetooth speakers. Chinese (simplified),russian,spanish,turkish,hebrew,italian,chinese (traditional),arabic,hungarian,french,greek,german,english,polish,portuguese. Peugeot aux. Eunavi-bx-424k. Free 8g map gps card,capacitive screen.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 42.725018
Retrieved Text: Ht0736-2-16. Wifi witson. 4 x 52w. Rockchip px3 quad core. Ranger-year: Cigarette lighter mp3 usb car player. Radio cd. Bw-90611-b. For suzuki swift (2011-2015)/ertiga. Colorado-year: Hd 1024 x 600. 3g wcdma sim. Android 5.1.1. Plug in & play. Hd capacitive. Stereo subwoofer car. 2011,2009,2012. Boxchip f10. 180mm*110.
Other feature: Hkd-1027. Abs,metal. Prouduct: Rs9017. Actyon. 4g and wifi: Dvd gps 10.1. 2018 kitness. 2 din for mitsubishi asx. Cc5050. Drones 12min. 1080p video play: Intel cortex a9 quad-core 1.6ghz.
2g+16gRk px3 cortex a9 quad core 1.6ghz. Grand i10. Features 2: X1 e84. Ca5430-vw. Sport steering wheels. Nissan octa core. Honda 2013 city. Ford galaxy 2010. 2013 golf 7. Car 2 din android gps for cruze 2010: Vietnamese,georgian,spanish,bulgarian,norwegian,portuguese,macedonian,danish,indonesia,albanian,arabic,swedish,czech,japanese,greek,korean,polish,croatian,turkish,swahili,boolean text (dutch south africa),finnish,catalan,ukrainian,azeri,welsh,icelandic,armenian,french,estonian,hungarian,slovak,thai,malay,german,romanian,lithuanian,slovenian,latin,filipino,dutch,irish,spain's basque,belarusian,galicia,yiddish,latvian,serbian,italian,hebrew,persian,russian,hindi,haitian creole,chinese (traditional),chinese (simplified),english,urdu india.
Toyota connector radio. This unit fit for : Russian.english....multi-language. Android 5.1. Guangdong chinaSpanish,norwegian,portuguese,danish,swedish,japanese,greek,korean,polish,icelandic,french,german,latin,filipino,dutch,italian,hebrew,persian,russian,chinese (traditional),chinese (simplified),english. English,arabic,belarusian,persian,german,finnish,korean,czech,swedish,ukrainian,spain's basque,russian,bulgarian,russian,dutch,romanian,norwegian,thai,hebrew,spanish,italian,indonesia,irish,french,latin,portuguese,turkish,greek,hungarian,polish,danish,filipino,malay,japanese,vietnamese. Usb/sd/ipod/aux,built in subwoofer. 7.0 android. Wholesale fornissan qashqai. Mobile phone,mp3 players,built-in gps,radio tuner,bluetooth,touch screen. Transporter vw t5. Head unit android 9 inch. Cortex a9 dual core 1.6ghz. Chinese (simplified),spanish,russian,italian,french,german,english,portuguese,thai. Wholesale b7 audi. Renault kadjar 2015 2016. For ix25. Item: For peugeot 3008 2013-2016.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 42.652584
Retrieved Text: Android ip tv. 2 din mirror link car mp5 player. Vietnamese,spanish,norwegian,macedonian,danish,arabic,albanian,swedish,japanese,czech,greek,korean,polish,turkish,finnish,ukrainian,welsh,french,estonian,thai,malay,german,romanian,dutch,filipino,belarusian,italian,hebrew,persian,russian,chinese (traditional),chinese (simplified),english. Android 6.0 1.6ghz, quad core cpu. 235mm. 2003,2010,2007,2008,2009,2006. Honda fit car radio frame. Bmw e92 m3. Bluetooth speaker btFor  vw tiguan: 1 dinDvd car nissan. Sportwagon-year: For peugeot 308 sw: Na02a53vw0701passa6.
Double din hyundai i30. For focusSubaru. Cd game. Mp3 adapters. 4-core. Spanish,portuguese,arabic,turkish,italian,french,thai,chinese (traditional),malay,chinese (simplified),english,german. Na04a7un0705sia7. For toyota rav4 (2008-2011). Wholesale k2 kia rio. Carnival-year: Subaru b4 legacyWholesale ls400 lexus. 2007,2009,2008,2010,2006Obd2: Android 7.1.2 kia. 800*480 resolution. 46cm*25cm*30cm. 100 quattro. Video link.
Hf-9585. Element system. 45 watts x 4. Tv,mobile phone,mp3 players,cd player,built-in gps,radio tuner,bluetooth,touch screen. Wholesale unit head. Slovenian,welsh,haitian creole,spanish,hebrew,maltese,finnish,norwegian,macedonian,hungarian,slovak,boolean text (dutch south africa),portuguese,swahili,catalan,chinese (simplified),latin,chinese (traditional),bulgarian,arabic,czech,armenian,german,croatian,ukrainian,hindi,serbian,turkish,russian,indonesia,albanian,spain's basque,romanian,georgian,filipino,swedish,japanese,lithuanian,urdu india,estonian,galicia,polish,thai,irish,dutch,icelandic,russian,italian,vietnamese,belarusian,latvian,persian,yiddish,danish,greek,malay,english,azeri,korean. Android 8 px5. 2011,2012,2013,2009,2010Car headrest pillow. Solution: 1280*480. Na02w6bm0706e81. Xj035. Video file format: Center console. Nissan sunny touch screen.
Android universal. Spanish,portuguese,danish,arabic,swedish,japanese,greek,korean,turkish,finnish,french,hungarian,thai,german,dutch,hebrew,italian,russian,chinese (traditional),chinese (simplified),englishX-type-year: F6f. Multimedia single din. Screen beetle. 41*32*15. Wifi function,support 3g network. Steering wheel control/canbus box: Bluetooth suzuki. Turkish,spanish,russian,french,polish,portuguese,thai,russian,italian,arabic,danish,german,english.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 42.618652
Retrieved Text: Translate whatever you can imagine, document, web contents, letters, chats, and emails and more.
Support Microsoft Word, Notepad, WordPAD, Adobe Acrobat, Outlook Express, Outlook, Internet Explorer, Netscape Navigator, Frontpage and more.
Unicode Viewer enables users to automatically download Chinese, Japanese, Korean, Russian fonts from Microsoft website, when neccessary.
Open a wide variety of documents, .DOC, .RTF and .TXT.
Save or print the translated text with a print.
Multilingual user interface: English, French, Spanish, German, Portuguese, Italian, Japanese.
Windows 10/8.1/8/7/Vista compatibility certificated. Native support for Windows 2000/XP/2003/2008/2012.
Software Translator for text and document with English, French, German, Italian, Spanish, Portuguese, Dutch, Greek, Russian, Japanese, Korean, Simplified Chinese, and Traditional Chinese, Hungarian, Danish, Dutch, Finnish, Swedish, Arabic, Catalan, Croatian, Czech, Hebrew, Norwegian, Afrikaans, Albanian, Belarusian, Bulgarian, Estonian, Filipino, Galician, Haitian, Hindi, Icelandic, Indonesian, Irish, Latvian, Lithuanian, Macedonian, Malay, Maltese, Persian, Polish, Romanian, Serbian, Slovak, Slovenian, Swahili, Thai, Turkish, Ukrainian, Vietnamese, Welsh, and Yiddish support.
Software Translator for web pages and website with English, French, German, Italian, Spanish, Portuguese, Dutch, Greek, Russian, Japanese, Korean, Simplified Chinese, and Traditional Chinese, Hungarian, Danish, Dutch, Finnish, Swedish, Arabic, Catalan, Croatian, Czech, Hebrew, Norwegian, Afrikaans, Albanian, Belarusian, Bulgarian, Estonian, Filipino, Galician, Haitian, Hindi, Icelandic, Indonesian, Irish, Latvian, Lithuanian, Macedonian, Malay, Maltese, Persian, Polish, Romanian, Serbian, Slovak, Slovenian, Swahili, Thai, Turkish, Ukrainian, Vietnamese, Welsh, and Yiddish support.
Translation software for document and web pages as well as web site localization with English, French, German, Italian, Spanish, Portuguese, Dutch, Greek, Russian, Japanese, Korean, Simplified Chinese, and Traditional Chinese, Hungarian, Danish, Dutch, Finnish, Swedish, Arabic, Catalan, Croatian, Czech, Hebrew, Norwegian, Afrikaans, Albanian, Belarusian, Bulgarian, Estonian,

########
Rank: 8
Score: 42.498035
Retrieved Text: Mitsubishi lancer usb. 2008 benz. Hla-8725gb. Mp3 players,charger,cd player,radio tuner,touch screen,bluetooth,built-in gps,fm transmitter. For vw guan/touran/jetta. Charger,touch screen,mobile phone,mp3 players,fm transmitter,radio tuner. 18.8*5.8 cm. Camry. Wholesale toyota dvd system. 18.1 * 10.4 * 6.3cm. Usb/sd/tft. 7155b. Ha5289-s720. Chinese (simplified),chinese (traditional),german,russian,french,korean,portuguese,japanese,english,russian. 110db. 2011,2013,2007,2012,2010,2014,2015,2009,2008. 6.2 android gps. For subaru forester sj 2014~2017.
Radio gps alfa romeo 159. Audi gps. Bluetooth ready: Camera silder. 3.5 bt. Mirror link included: Support steering wheel control,support can-bus,wifi function,built-in speaker/microphone. Jda-c7033. Nissan 2009 altima. Bluetooth,built-in gps,cd player,cd-r,cd-rw,fm transmitter,mobile phone,mp3 players. Cellphone wheel. Dvr/rear camera/nfc: 2014-2017City honda dvd. Android peugeot 107Rs9026. 2 din double din 2din.
Latvian,chinese (traditional),indonesia,russian,arabic,vietnamese,turkish,armenian,english,german,danish,dutch,spanish,thai,ukrainian,irish,greek,korean,finnish,polish,welsh,hungarian,italian,persian,chinese (simplified),portuguese,czech,hebrew,estonian,russian,romanian,french. Citroen multimedia. Car dvd screen: 65 * 108 * 16mm. Skoda microphone. Zh-m103-e83. Android 7.1.2. Mp3,mp4. Usb ,sd. Hyundai, nissan, toyota, volkswagen, interchangeable. S308149. Vietnamese,spanish,portuguese,arabic,swedish,japanese,greek,korean,turkish,french,hungarian,thai,german,italian,hebrew,russian,hindi,english. Wholesale amplifiers. Hindi,slovenian,welsh,serbian,turkish,spanish,russian,hebrew,indonesia,albanian,maltese,romanian,finnish,norwegian,macedonian,filipino,hungarian,swedish,french,slovak,japanese,lithuanian,estonian,polish,portuguese,swahili,thai,irish,chinese (simplified),latin,dutch,russian,chinese (traditional),italian,vietnamese,belarusian,bulgarian,latvian,arabic,persian,czech,yiddish,danish,greek,armenian,german,malay,english,croatian,azeri,korean,ukrainian. Dvd player free view camera.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 42.34676
Retrieved Text: Witson car dvd. 65 * 108 * 16mm. 5008 peugeot. Yukon. Corvetter 2017. Giletter fusion. Double 2 din (178mm*100mm). Accessories motorcycle. Vietnamese,spanish,portuguese,arabic,swedish,japanese,greek,korean,turkish,french,hungarian,thai,german,italian,hebrew,russian,hindi,english. 42250-year: Capacitive touch panel(g+g, support 5 points touch). Kia android optima 7.1. Glk300-year: Car gps for lancer : B9 tribeca. Vietnamese,bulgarian,spanish,norwegian,portuguese,danish,swedish,japanese,czech,greek,korean,polish,turkish,finnish,ukrainian,armenian,french,maltese,thai,malay,german,romanian,latin,dutch,filipino,belarusian,italian,hebrew,persian,russian,hindi,chinese (traditional),chinese (simplified),english. Kf-v2043o. Item type: Dcl-xrc7113.
Toyota. Build-in bluetooth 2.0 with a2dp/hands free/phone book. Jda-c7033. A180. Nv114m701ad3. An 8gb sd card and 3.5mm external microphone jack. Multimedia cars. F7296. 2008,2007,2011,2009,2006,2010,2012. S308149. Color of panel key: For opel/astra:Ht0850. Car dvd screen: 8 inch. Sebab. Wholesale toyota hilux. 330*255mm. Chinese (simplified),chinese (traditional),german,russian,french,turkish,spanish,english,vietnamese,russian. Spanish,norwegian,portuguese,arabic,albanian,swedish,czech,japanese,greek,polish,turkish,french,hungarian,maltese,thai,german,lithuanian,latin,filipino,dutch,belarusian,hebrew,italian,russian,chinese (traditional),chinese (simplified),english.
Golf sportwagen. Frieds. For volkswagen t5/transpoter: Volkswagen interchangeable toyota ford. 1024*600hd screen. Suzuki escudo 2006. Zh-m103-e83. Multiple languages. Spanish,portuguese,polish,turkish,french,german,italian,russian,english. Mp3,mp4. 7 inch 2 din android.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 42.174404
Retrieved Text: Network media player. 2009,2015,2014,2013. Volvo xc60 stereo. Wholesale android fiat. A5-year: S1209h. Chinese (simplified),turkish,russian,spanish,russian,hebrew,chinese (traditional),italian,arabic,czech,french,japanese,german,english,polish,portuguese,thai. Dodge phones. Klyde. Yes, 5 points multi-touch. 2014,2011,2012,2009,2013,2007,2010,2006. Car dvd player 8. Cayenne 2004 porsche. City honda 2013. Spanish,turkish,hungarian,french,japanese,portuguese,thai,chinese (simplified),dutch,russian,italian,latvian,arabic,greek,german,english,korean,ukrainian. For mercedes-benz c class w204(2007-2011). Suzuki alto. Plastic.
Plastic,metal. W2-k7121t. Map and camera. S class w220 s280 s320 s350 s400 s420 s430   comand aps ntg1 w220. For hyundai. Mercedes/benz. 7 inch. Wholesale telephone .lg. 1 year warranty+ camera. Wholesale berlin 2017Suzuki s-cross. 7 inch mf0701683001a.
50w r core. Kia radio. Ha5248-v600. Touch screen,mp3 players. Dvd sat nav. 5.0 android. 2 din support dab. 2011,2010,2012,2009. Car multimedia 2 din. Iso plug for nissan x-trail. Ford focus 2012 3. Prius-year: Car portable video player. Audi navigation a4. Charger,mobile phone,mp3 players,built-in gps,radio tuner,bluetooth,touch screen,cd-rw. Camaro steering. 2011 durango. Car mp5 player support steering wheel control4g wifi radio audio music video. Cc5047.
Mercedes x164Electronic shutter: Dcl-7005e. Toyota rav4 2008. Slovenian,welsh,haitian creole,spanish,hebrew,maltese,finnish,norwegian,macedonian,hungarian,slovak,boolean text (dutch south africa),portuguese,swahili,catalan,chinese (simplified),latin,chinese (traditional),bulgarian,arabic,czech,armenian,german,croatian,ukrainian,hindi,serbian,turkish,russian,albanian,indonesia,spain's basque,romanian,georgian,filipino,swedish,french,japanese,lithuanian,urdu india,estonian,galicia,polish,thai,irish,dutch,icelandic,russian,italian,vietnamese,belarusian,latvian,persian,yiddish,danish,greek,malay,english,azeri,korean. Ha5261-v840. Lenco pescoco. Rs9073. Spanish,portuguese,danish,indonesia,arabic,japanese,greek,polish,turkish,finnish,french,hungarian,thai,german,dutch,hebrew,italian,russian,chinese (traditional),chinese (simplified),english. For vw sagitar/golf/tiguan/touran/jetta 2006-2012. Vietnamese,spanish,portuguese,japanese,greek,polish,finnish,ukrainian,icelandic,french,hungarian,thai,german,romanian,lithuanian,filipino,hebrew,italian,persian,russian,chinese (traditional),chinese (simplified). Corsa radio. Wholesale car mp3 tape recorder. Dvd rewriter. Wholesale jaguar ftype.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 41.83167
Retrieved Text: Charger,bluetooth,touch screen,mobile phone,mp3 players,built-in gps. Camera rear view. Loader/lens: Aigo 207. Built-in speaker: Na04a7bz0705mla7. Speaker 10inch. Compatible: 2011,2012,2009,2007,2010,2008. Quad core. Bl62008,camera1.
Dvd gps bluetooth dvr rds radio 3g wifi. 2007,2008,2011,2009,2010. Hindi,turkish,spanish,russian,hebrew,maltese,indonesia,romanian,finnish,norwegian,hungarian,swedish,french,slovak,japanese,lithuanian,estonian,polish,portuguese,thai,irish,chinese (simplified),latin,dutch,russian,italian,chinese (traditional),vietnamese,bulgarian,latvian,arabic,czech,greek,armenian,german,malay,english,croatian,korean,ukrainian. Rmvb/rm/flv/3gp/mpeg/divx/xvid/dat/vob/avi/mp4. Jda-b5000. Used interface. Vietnamese,spanish,georgian,norwegian,portuguese,danish,indonesia,swedish,japanese,czech,greek,korean,polish,croatian,turkish,finnish,catalan,ukrainian,welsh,french,hungarian,maltese,thai,slovak,german,romanian,latin,filipino,dutch,belarusian,galicia,yiddish,latvian,serbian,hebrew,italian,persian,russian,chinese (traditional),chinese (simplified),english. Chinese (simplified),chinese (traditional),german,russian,french,finnish,hebrew,english,russian. Sandero-year: Internal storage 32bg about 26.64bg available.Nissan teana 2009 2012.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 41.589195
Retrieved Text: From gum (“exaggeration, boasting”) +‎ -a.
"guma" in Foclóir Gaeilge-Béarla, An Gúm, 1977, by Niall Ó Dónaill.
Entries containing “guma” in English-Irish Dictionary, An Gúm, 1959, by Tomás de Bhaldraithe.
Entries containing “guma” in New English-Irish Dictionary by Foras na Gaeilge.
From Proto-Germanic *gumô, from Proto-Indo-European *ǵʰmṓ, *dʰǵʰm̥mō. Germanic cognates include Old Saxon gumo, Old High German gumo, gomo, Old Norse gumi (Icelandic gumi and Norwegian gume), Gothic 𐌲𐌿𐌼𐌰 (guma). The Indo-European root is also the source of Latin homō, Baltic *žmo- (Lithuanian žmogùs).
From Latin gummi/cummi, from Ancient Greek κόμμι (kómmi), from Egyptian qmy (“anointing oil”), qmyt (“acanthus resin, gum”).

########
Rank: 13
Score: 41.373104
Retrieved Text: Support function: 2 din for nissan x-trail 2013 2014 2015. 2012 x5 bmw. Audio stereo radio multimedia player. Audi c5 rs6. 2011 volvo s40. Built-in gps	bluetooth. Asx. Opel zafiras b. Partner-year: Rs7059. 18.9cm * 11.6cm * 17.8cm. 188mm*120mm. 2 din 200*100mm. Ha2049-s720. Portable console.
Cd-r,bluetooth,touch screen,mp3 players,cd player,cd-rw,radio tuner,built-in gps. Vietnamese,spanish,bulgarian,norwegian,portuguese,macedonian,danish,indonesia,arabic,swedish,japanese,czech,greek,korean,polish,croatian,turkish,finnish,ukrainian,icelandic,french,armenian,estonian,maltese,hungarian,thai,malay,german,romanian,lithuanian,slovenian,latin,filipino,dutch,irish,belarusian,galicia,latvian,serbian,italian,persian,russian,hindi,chinese (traditional),chinese (simplified),english. Tv ip. Car radio 2 din android gps vw. Bmw 2010 x1. Max up to 32g. Mp3,jpeg,mp4,video cd,wma. Jpeg,wma,mp3,video cd,mp4,cd. Rds( radio): Stereo usb input. Mercedes benz c class w2019 w209 amg clk clc. 2009,2010,2008,2011,2007,2006. 2005,2004,2001,1999,2006,2003,2002. Audio car android. Anti shock : Dvd palyer,mp3,mp4,wma,jpegE91 bmw radios. Dutch,japanese,korean,turkish,italian,russian,french,hungarian,chinese (simplified),english,german.
Multimedia corolla e120. Turkish,spanish,russian,hebrew,french,polish,portuguese,thai,chinese (simplified),russian,italian,chinese (traditional),arabic,german,english. V70-year: 2008,2006,2004,2007,2005. Olesed. Special for: Mobile dodge. Battery life: Wholesale 2008 civic honda. Bw-90105. Land rover l462 discovery 5. Android 8.0 car gps: 2016,2015. Audi q5 10. Usb/sd /aux. Spanish,turkish,hebrew,finnish,norwegian,hungarian,swedish,slovak,french,japanese,lithuanian,polish,portuguese,thai,chinese (simplified),dutch,icelandic,russian,italian,chinese (traditional),bulgarian,arabic,czech,danish,greek,german,english,croatian,korean. 2012,2011,2014,2013,2010. Hyundai i10 head unit. 2din auto radio in dash car pc stereo video. Wholesale punto evo.
Class b mercedes. Support steering wheel contorl , 4g : Phone charger display. Ht0867. Dvd feature: 4.1 inch. Wholesale  shift knob. 2 din android car multimedia player. Slovenian,serbian,turkish,spanish,russian,hebrew,indonesia,romanian,finnish,norwegian,swedish,slovak,french,japanese,urdu india,estonian,polish,portuguese,thai,chinese (simplified),dutch,russian,chinese (traditional),italian,vietnamese,belarusian,arabic,persian,yiddish,greek,armenian,malay,english,ukrainian,korean6.2", radio 2 din car radio 220mm*130mm*210mm. 2010-2013.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 40.771694
Retrieved Text: Car 2 din android gps for mitsubishi asx: 2007,2013,2008,2011,2014,2010,2009,2012. Spanish,russian,hebrew,french,portuguese,thai,chinese (simplified),russian,italian,chinese (traditional),german,english. Tv,fm transmitter,built-in gps,touch screen. Hindi,turkish,spanish,russian,hebrew,indonesia,romanian,georgian,finnish,norwegian,filipino,hungarian,swedish,french,japanese,lithuanian,estonian,galicia,polish,portuguese,catalan,thai,dutch,icelandic,latin,russian,italian,vietnamese,belarusian,bulgarian,latvian,arabic,persian,czech,danish,greek,armenian,german,malay,english,croatian,korean,ukrainian. 4*15w. Fn-kr001. 2005 mazda 5. Spanish,portuguese,danish,arabic,swedish,japanese,greek,korean,polish,turkish,french,hungarian,thai,german,dutch,hebrew,italian,russian,chinese (traditional),chinese (simplified),english. Toyota vios 2009-2013. Support 4g connection with 4g sim card and make calling directly. Stickers fiat 500. Support 4g network. 6.0.1. Subwoofer output function: Built-in bluetooth v2.0 hands-free call. Jy-umso4n2px5+c1002.
Cd-rw,cassette player,cd player,radio tuner,mobile phone,bluetooth,fm transmitter,touch screen,built-in gps,mp3 players,charger,cd-r. Turkish,spanish,russian,hebrew,french,japanese,portuguese,chinese (simplified),dutch,russian,italian,chinese (traditional),german,english,korean. 2001 rav4. Traxter xt. 3g dongle,digital tv,analog tv,obd,tmps,dvr,canbus. K3 kia 2017. Built-in ir transmitter:Bluetooth,touch screen,cd player,cd-rw,built-in gps,radio tuner. T8921. Avensis verso-year: Support iso connectorVehicle video player. 2013,2008,2009,2010,2012,2015,2011,2014.
Tda19997hl c1. Chinese (simplified),russian,spanish,russian,italian,french,japanese,german,english,portuguese. 40*32*20. Car radio kenwod. Kf-v2277q. Toyota t25. Radio,usb/sd,aux input,microphone,car logo setup choosing,. Eos volkswagen. Wholesale android cayenne. Erisin quad core.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 40.747246
Retrieved Text: 188 x 78 x 56mm. Tire pressure monitoring support:Santa fe xl. For nissan frontier/livana/navara. 185*174*114mm. Vietnamese,georgian,spanish,bulgarian,norwegian,portuguese,macedonian,danish,indonesia,albanian,arabic,swedish,czech,japanese,greek,korean,polish,croatian,turkish,swahili,boolean text (dutch south africa),finnish,catalan,ukrainian,azeri,welsh,icelandic,armenian,french,estonian,hungarian,maltese,slovak,thai,malay,german,romanian,lithuanian,slovenian,latin,filipino,dutch,irish,spain's basque,belarusian,galicia,yiddish,latvian,serbian,italian,hebrew,persian,russian,hindi,haitian creole,chinese (traditional),chinese (simplified),english,urdu india. Support can-bus. Control games wirelessly, no cables to mess around. Mirror link radio car. 75 rover. Android one dinTurkish,spanish,russian,hebrew,indonesia,finnish,norwegian,filipino,hungarian,swedish,french,japanese,polish,portuguese,thai,chinese (simplified),latin,dutch,russian,chinese (traditional),italian,belarusian,bulgarian,arabic,czech,danish,greek,german,malay,english,korean.
Hyundai elantra 2008-2010. Hy-8832-teana. Car radio 2din hyundai. Mobil suzuki. 178*100*143mm. Cc-m8648. 12v heating tape. Wholesale l33 altima. Wholesale charger dodge. Rear view camera input: Bus can. For wince. 4g card + free map. Ht0810. Wholesale w210 mercedes. 2005,2013,2004,2012,2009,1997,2003,1990,2007,2014,2011,1998,2006,2001,1992,2000,2010,2002,1999,1996,1993,2015. Cc5020.
800 x 480. Vietnamese,georgian,spanish,bulgarian,norwegian,portuguese,macedonian,danish,indonesia,albanian,arabic,swedish,czech,japanese,greek,korean,polish,croatian,turkish,swahili,boolean text (dutch south africa),catalan,ukrainian,azeri,welsh,icelandic,armenian,french,estonian,hungarian,maltese,slovak,thai,malay,german,romanian,lithuanian,slovenian,latin,filipino,dutch,spain's basque,belarusian,galicia,yiddish,latvian,serbian,italian,hebrew,persian,russian,hindi,haitian creole,chinese (traditional),chinese (simplified),english,urdu india. Stereo car 7 inch. Corolla-year: Dvd&vcr combo. Fm transmitter,touch screen,built-in gps,radio tuner,mobile phone,bluetooth. 6.2 android gps. Wholesale compass jeep. Steering wheel control,(except seat) built-in mic. Chinese (simplified),chinese (traditional),russian,french,latin,portuguese,turkish,italian,english. Opel model: Speaker 8inch. Usb screen display. Wholesale pumpkin.
Kn-tp602c. 2007,2008,2009. Volkswagen t5. Easy access to android market for numerous apps. Eonon wifiWholesale memory  card. Wholesale lfd. Multimedia player. Car dvd remote control. Ad71f1507001,cam2.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 40.482895
Retrieved Text: 235mm. Ol-9640-ol-1641-cr-v. Lada xray. Citroen c3 i. Compass car. Clk mercedes benz. Cs-v028r. Swift 2017 suzuki. For vw golf/tic/polo/golf 5/golf 6 2006-2012. Radio,usb/sd/ipod aux input,microphone,. Multimedia subaru. Hyundai radio i20.
0.92kg. Built-in speaker/microphone,wifi function,support steering wheel control,support 4g network. Silver. Russian,chinese (simplified),english. For mazda 3 2010-2012. Bluetooth 120w. Dgs7621f. Sportwagon-year: Wholesale volvo xc70. 4gb android 8.0. Support 3g : For hyundai i20/santa fe/tucson/getz. Kd-1003. Seat play. Amplifier ic: Autoradio 2 din pure android 6.0.
Wma,mp3,mp4. Vietnamese,spanish,bulgarian,norwegian,portuguese,macedonian,danish,indonesia,arabic,swedish,japanese,czech,greek,korean,croatian,polish,turkish,finnish,catalan,ukrainian,icelandic,french,estonian,hungarian,thai,slovak,german,romanian,lithuanian,slovenian,dutch,filipino,belarusian,latvian,serbian,italian,russian,chinese (traditional),english. Vw up phone. Spanish,portuguese,arabic,korean,turkish,french,german,dutch,hebrew,russian,chinese (traditional),chinese (simplified),english. For honda civic left driving 2011-2015. Solution: 1280*480. Phone bmw. Cc-t8032. X-type-year: Separated wifi module: Chinese (simplified),turkish,spanish,russian,russian,arabic,slovak,french,german,english,portuguese,ukrainian. Skoda octavia  5. Not include sd card. Outback-year: Ecosmart 18. For foresterSpanish,turkish,russian,romanian,hungarian,french,slovak,japanese,polish,portuguese,thai,dutch,russian,chinese (traditional),italian,arabic,danish,greek,german,english,korean,ukrainian.
Can download maps from internet. Usb, sd, dvd, cd, bluetooth, radio, gps,. Xj035. Soul eatere. Interface multimedia. Support audio format: Chinese (simplified),russian,russian,english,ukrainian. Vietnamese,spanish,bulgarian,norwegian,portuguese,danish,indonesia,arabic,swedish,japanese,greek,korean,croatian,polish,turkish,ukrainian,french,estonian,hungarian,thai,malay,german,romanian,latin,filipino,dutch,belarusian,italian,hebrew,russian,chinese (traditional),chinese (simplified),english. Garage video. Slovenian,serbian,spanish,russian,hebrew,indonesia,romanian,finnish,norwegian,hungarian,swedish,slovak,french,japanese,lithuanian,estonian,polish,portuguese,thai,irish,chinese (simplified),icelandic,dutch,latin,russian,chinese (traditional),italian,vietnamese,belarusian,bulgarian,arabic,persian,czech,danish,german,malay,english,croatian,korean,ukrainian. Gmc model: 2013,2014,2015,2012. Ac wifi. Na02a53fo0706f15a6. 3g dongle optional. Sienna toyota gps. Car 2 din radio gps android. 7inch hd digital t. Controller bluetooth android.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 40.308453
Retrieved Text: Wholesale audio crossover. Ram 1500. Toyota  corolla innova estima  2 din android. Ht1003. Eunavi-kd8228. Support steering wheel control,support 3g network,built-in speaker/microphone2012,2009,2013,2010,2011. Mobile phone: Indonesia,romanian,finnish,norwegian,french,japanese,urdu india,polish,chinese (simplified),dutch,russian,italian,chinese (traditional),belarusian,persian,danish,armenian,german,english,korean. 178*122*100mm. 2 din car cd. For toyota rav4 2013.
Support 3g network,support can-bus,support steering wheel control,wifi function. Philip 6621/6624. 2013,2011,2015,2014,2012. Range rover. Dw-3098. W4ffb. Dgs8605f. Ford galaxi 1. Video output: Pupug. Spanish,portuguese,polish,french,german,slovenian,dutch,russian,chinese (simplified),english. Ceg_cmo_22m. 911-year: Wholesale car tv. Yes/clearer scene. Spanish,russian,portuguese,chinese (simplified),dutch,italian,english. Spanish,french,german,portuguese. Swedish,dutch,japanese,greek,korean,turkish,hebrew,italian,finnish,russian,french,english.
Cc-d8147. Na02a53bm0702e46a6. Radio mk4. For car video 2 din. 2005,2006,2007. 178*178*100mm. 4g/3g/wifi internet support: Eunavi-dw 7091 a. Operating temperature: Hd capacitive screen 1024*600. Usb dvr camera: Android water.
Suzuki vitara multimedia. Cn10-01202b. 178mm*100mm. Fit for benz c w205 2014 car. Portuguese,danish,dutch,czech,japanese,greek,korean,polish,turkish,italian,russian,french,hungarian,chinese (simplified),malay,german,english. Af-0258r. X trail hd. Car 2 din android gps for toyota camry: Radio din 1. Xc60-year: Wholesale 2017 octavia skoda. Hdmi in car backseat dvd player monitor. Iso plug for toyota innova.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 40.11623
Retrieved Text: Car audio wifi gps. S1229h. 2006,2009,2007,2008,2011,2010L300 mitsubishi. Command steering wheel. 45*34*25cm. For lada xray2. Mitsubishi asx 2010+ peugeot 4008 2din raoid screen gps radio recorder. Ksun car radio. For mercedes/benz/a-class/w169: High-definition tft screen: Rk-7157g. Car dvd gps ford transit. Russian,indonesia,romanian,finnish,norwegian,french,japanese,urdu india,polish,chinese (simplified),dutch,russian,italian,chinese (traditional),belarusian,persian,danish,armenian,german,english,korean. 2din gps dvd radio.
Rubber and metal2 din double din car dvd player. 3g/wifi/4g: Other features: 2015,2014,2012,2010,2013,2016,2011. Unit size: Ht0715. 2 din dvd stereo player. 1year. 2 din for mitsubishi outlander. Wholesale ownice dgs6666g. Audio ic: 760li-year: Vga  usb. Car audio opel. Dy7092-11. Spanish,portuguese,arabic,italian,ukrainian,russian,french,chinese (traditional),chinese (simplified),english,german.
Made in china. 0.71kg. Audio recorder wifi. Audi 2 a4 din. Built inDual screen android car. Vietnamese,spanish,georgian,bulgarian,norwegian,portuguese,danish,indonesia,arabic,swedish,japanese,czech,greek,korean,croatian,polish,turkish,swahili,boolean text (dutch south africa),finnish,catalan,ukrainian,azeri,french,armenian,hungarian,thai,slovak,malay,german,romanian,lithuanian,slovenian,latin,filipino,dutch,belarusian,latvian,serbian,hebrew,italian,persian,russian,hindi,chinese (traditional),chinese (simplified),english. Skoda octavia octavia superb fabia yeti. Tv,mobile phone,mp3 players,cd player,radio tuner,bluetooth,touch screen. 6.2inch car dvd player. 2011,2012,2009,2007,2010,2008. Wholesale auto dvd player. Mexico maps. Volkswagen vw passat b6 b7 cc polo golf 5 6 tiguan touran eos jetta. Russian. Menu language over 60 kind languages: Car  tuning.
Android 7.1.1 car radio : Gps 8 gb map card and map data. Bmw e90 stereo. Ca971. 1.46kg. Multimedia honda fit. Ew870p7qhx1. Radio/rds/fm/am: Control wireless network. Jpeg,mp4,wma. Radios vw. Discovery stm32f746ng. Rcz-year: Car play seat. Hindi,turkish,spanish,hebrew,maltese,indonesia,albanian,romanian,finnish,georgian,norwegian,hungarian,filipino,swedish,french,japanese,lithuanian,estonian,polish,portuguese,thai,chinese (simplified),dutch,latin,russian,chinese (traditional),italian,vietnamese,latvian,arabic,czech,danish,greek,german,malay,english,croatian,ukrainian,korean. Sport range rover. 1024*600 hd ips touch screen. Include maps: Plastic material. 10 inch woofer.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 39.932335
Retrieved Text: Wholesale  volvo s40. 6.0 quad core android phoneMicrophone wireless. Wholesale korando ssangyong. Double 2 din (178mm*100mm). 330*255mm. Car video players. For nissan qashqai/tiida/paladin. Ipod input: Golf sportwagen. Car 2 din android gps for cruze 2011: Touch screen,cd-rw,built-in gps,mp3 players,cassette player,charger,cd-r,cd player,radio tuner,mobile phone,bluetooth,fm transmitter. For hyundai i30 2013-2016. Usb fm receiver. Fy6205c. Spanish,portuguese,arabic,italian,russian,french,chinese (traditional),chinese (simplified),english. 2006,2008,2005,2007,2012,2009,2011,2010. 7 inch 2 din android.
Na04a7bm0921f9a7. Nf-7647. Camry. Wholesale pumpkin. 1024 x 600. Skoda dvd. An 8gb sd card and 3.5mm external microphone jack. Chs7007x. Vietnamese,spanish,bulgarian,portuguese,danish,indonesia,albanian,arabic,swedish,japanese,czech,greek,korean,croatian,polish,turkish,swahili,finnish,catalan,ukrainian,icelandic,welsh,armenian,french,hungarian,slovak,thai,german,romanian,lithuanian,slovenian,latin,filipino,irish,belarusian,galicia,yiddish,latvian,serbian,hebrew,italian,persian,russian,hindi,chinese (traditional),chinese (simplified),english,urdu india. Radio,usb/sd/ipod aux input,microphone,car logo setup choosing. Car electronic 2 din universal car radio gps navigation. 2-way radio, auxiliary input, bluetooth ready, cd play. For toyota corolla 2017. F7296. Bulgarian,spanish,portuguese,danish,arabic,swedish,japanese,polish,turkish,finnish,french,thai,german,dutch,italian,russian,chinese (traditional),chinese (simplified),english. 2016 2017. Toyota rav4 2006-2012. Ls430. 8",12". Support google map/sygic/igo/navitel.
110db. Gps chip: Jpeg,video cd,mp4,dvd-r/rw,mp3,cd. Jy-vm132p2. For vw. 2 din hoxiao. Cayenne. Dashboard. Wholesale altice s60. Support 4g lte built-in wifi.
2 din car radio for toyota rav4 2014 2015 2016. Bluetooth, mp3 players,  built-in gps, radio tuner. Wholesale crv 2008 honda. Vietnamese,bulgarian,spanish,norwegian,portuguese,danish,swedish,japanese,czech,greek,korean,polish,turkish,finnish,ukrainian,armenian,french,maltese,thai,malay,german,romanian,latin,dutch,filipino,belarusian,italian,hebrew,persian,russian,hindi,chinese (traditional),chinese (simplified),english. Toyota steering audio. Ddr3 2gb. Spanish,portuguese,polish,turkish,french,german,italian,russian,english. 2.95kg. X6 e71. Wholesale logan dacia. For opel/astra: 2w wifi. Ford ka ru8. Opel vectra 2003 2004 2005 2006 2007 2008. 42250-year: Vehicle information display , reversing trajectory.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 39.809647
Retrieved Text: 2003,2009,2007,2010,2005,2006,2012,2008,2011,2004. Ga5289-s700. Accent hyundai 2007. Ct200h-year: 2 din android gps for toyota camry 55: Kn-ks602c. Standard features: Norwegian,danish,indonesia,czech,polish,turkish,finnish,french,thai,german,romanian,filipino,belarusian,italian,persian,russian,english. Rs7031. Pls see poster in details. 288*186*40mm. Eunavi-499. 2011,2009,2008,2010. As picture. Iso plug for toyota rav4 2014 2015 2016. Wholesale volkswagen gtd. 165*178*100mm. Touch screen,bluetooth,built-in gps. Vw skoda octavia a7. 2 din android  (l 178mm * w 100mm ).
E71 bmw. Car dvd din ford mondeo. 2018 qashqai. 21.500 x 16.500 x 10.000 cm. Cortex a9 4 core 1.6ghz. Built-in wifi module : 1080*640. Nissan tiida x-trail frontier sentra mp300 micra livina radio. Gps navi: Wholesale chevrolet. silverado. Support steering wheel control,support 4g network,support can-bus. Hindi,slovenian,welsh,haitian creole,serbian,spanish,turkish,hebrew,maltese,indonesia,albanian,spain's basque,romanian,georgian,finnish,norwegian,macedonian,filipino,hungarian,swedish,french,slovak,japanese,lithuanian,boolean text (dutch south africa),urdu india,estonian,galicia,polish,portuguese,swahili,catalan,thai,irish,chinese (simplified),icelandic,dutch,russian,chinese (traditional),italian,vietnamese,belarusian,bulgarian,latvian,arabic,persian,czech,yiddish,danish,greek,armenian,german,malay,english,croatian,azeri,ukrainian,korean. External mic: (l x w x h):18*6.5*10.5cm. Live test:P4078. Jaq8484. Cd car radio player. Module stereo bluetooth.
Tv hd tuner. 8.8". Wholesale i 40 hyundai. For toyota camry 2007~2011. 2005,2010,2011,2007,2004,2003,2006. Virtual 10 cdc support: Wholesale stereo 2 din. 2012,2011,2014,2010,2013. Nissan navara multimedia. M985.
Chinese (simplified),danish,german,filipino,spanish,english. Head units car audioHindi,slovenian,welsh,haitian creole,serbian,spanish,turkish,hebrew,maltese,indonesia,albanian,spain's basque,romanian,finnish,georgian,norwegian,macedonian,hungarian,filipino,swedish,slovak,french,japanese,lithuanian,boolean text (dutch south africa),urdu india,estonian,galicia,polish,portuguese,swahili,catalan,thai,irish,chinese (simplified),latin,icelandic,dutch,russian,chinese (traditional),italian,vietnamese,belarusian,bulgarian,latvian,arabic,persian,czech,yiddish,danish,greek,armenian,german,malay,english,croatian,azeri,korean,ukrainian. Sat nav double din. Ct-8031. Nissan 2005 sentra. Wc-kn8037. Series 5 bmw. 10",10.1". Navigation audi a5. 800*480 screen. Volkswagen tiguan. Bluetooth,built-in gps,cd player,mp3 players,radio tuner,touch screen.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 39.808025
Retrieved Text: Many kinds language menu optional. 2007,2012,2009,2008,2013,2011,2006,2010,2014,2015. Bluethooth/rear view camera/radio with rds. Cruze chevrolet multimedia. Hf-7053. Wheels mercedes benz. Slovenian,welsh,haitian creole,spanish,hebrew,maltese,finnish,norwegian,macedonian,hungarian,slovak,boolean text (dutch south africa),portuguese,swahili,catalan,chinese (simplified),latin,chinese (traditional),bulgarian,arabic,czech,armenian,german,croatian,ukrainian,hindi,serbian,turkish,russian,albanian,indonesia,spain's basque,romanian,georgian,filipino,swedish,french,japanese,lithuanian,urdu india,estonian,galicia,polish,thai,irish,icelandic,dutch,russian,italian,vietnamese,belarusian,latvian,persian,yiddish,danish,greek,malay,english,azeri,korean. French,turkish,spanish,russian,german,italian,indonesia,english,polish,portuguese,arabic. Wholesale bmw series 1. 6.2inch gps radio stereo. Speakers jeep wrangler. 2010 focus ford.
Pe-9846bpl car multimedia navigation gps radio for mg zt 2001-2005. Charger mtk. For hyundai elantra 2016. Cd,dvd-ram. Wholesale ml w164. Rascally rabbit. W203 radio. B200 android. Built-in wifi: 7 android car stereo. Bluetooth  stereo. English, russian, multi-language..
Support 3g/4g wifi sd usb bt rds dab+ obd. Support fm/am radio. 5 ford mondeo. Pcb bluetooth. Spanish,turkish,russian,french,japanese,portuguese,thai,chinese (simplified),russian,italian,chinese (traditional),arabic,german,malay,english,korean. H astra. Mitsubishi l200 double din. Car dvd. Bluetooth,built-in gps,wifi,usb,sd,radio,. 2009,2010,2008,2011. Aac, ac3, wma, amr, mka, mp2, mp3, ogg, wav, etc.. P0701.
Ad601un7001,camera2. 2896g. Mp3 players,cd player,radio tuner,touch screen,mobile phone,bluetooth,built-in gps. Wallpaper optional,. Spanish,russian,russian,italian,french,english,polish. Original steering wheel buttons: 2012,2013,2007,2010,2008,2014,2009,2015. 500-year: 2005,2009,2007,2010,2006. Audio decoder: Spanish,portuguese,danish,arabic,japanese,greek,korean,polish,turkish,ukrainian,french,hungarian,thai,slovak,german,dutch,italian,russian,chinese (traditional),english. Jpg, jpe, jpeg, bmp image formats. E39 android. Kia amanti radio. Xtrons multimedia.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 39.578457
Retrieved Text: “WP-PageNavi” is open source software. The following people have contributed to this plugin.
Albanian, Arabic, Catalan, Chinese (China), Chinese (Hong Kong), Chinese (Taiwan), Croatian, Czech, Danish, Dutch, English (Australia), English (Canada), English (New Zealand), English (South Africa), English (UK), English (US), Finnish, French (France), German, Greek, Hebrew, Hindi, Hungarian, Icelandic, Italian, Japanese, Khmer, Latvian, Lithuanian, Norwegian (Bokmål), Persian, Polish, Portuguese (Brazil), Portuguese (Portugal), Romanian, Russian, Slovak, Spanish (Chile), Spanish (Mexico), Spanish (Spain), Swedish, Turkish, and Vietnamese.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 39.39176
Retrieved Text: From Old English stān, from Proto-Germanic *stainaz, from Proto-Indo-European *stai-. Cognate with Scots stane, Dutch steen, German Stein, Swedish sten, Danish sten, Norwegian stein and (from Indo-European) with Ancient Greek στῖον (stion), “‘pebble’”), Russian стена (stená), “‘wall’”).
(uncountable) A hard earthen substance that can form large rocks and boulders.
A small piece of stone.
1882: Generally, however, the stone or petra, almost always of 14 lbs., is used, the tod of 28 lbs., and the sack of thirteen stones. — James Edwin Thorold Rogers, A History of Agriculture and Prices in England Volume 4, p. 209.
(board games)A playing piece made of any hard material, used in various board games such as backgammon, and go.
(color) A dull light grey or beige, like that of some stones.
Breton: maen m., mein pl.
Bulgarian: камък bg(bg) (kamǎk) m.
Greek: λίθος el(el) (líthos) m.
Italian: pietra it(it) f., roccia it(it) f.
Russian: камень ru(ru) (kámen’) m.
Breton: kailhenn f., kailhoù pl.
Dutch: steen m., steentje n.
Italian: pietra f., sasso m., sassolino m.
German: Edelstein de(de) m., Schmuckstein de(de) m.
Icelandic: gimsteinn m., eðalsteinn m.
Spanish: gema f., piedra preciosa f.
Russian: стоун ru(ru) (stóun) m.
Russian: косточка ru(ru) (kóstočka) f.
Breton: maen-gravell m., mein-gravell pl.
Bulgarian: камък bg(bg) (kamăk) m.
Dutch: stuk nl(nl) n., pion nl(nl) m.
Latin: saxum n.; petra f.
(color) Of a dull light grey or beige, like that of some stones.
Complete, absolute, of the highest degree.
Bulgarian: каменен bg(bg) (kamenen) m.
Italian: pietroso m., petroso m., roccioso m.
Spanish: de piedra, pétreo m., pétrea f.
(slang) Absolutely, completely (used with following adjective).
This page was last modified on 5 November 2008, at 02:44.
This article uses material from the English Wiktionary entry

########
Rank: 24
Score: 39.3425
Retrieved Text: “Akismet Anti-Spam” 62 nyelvre lett lefordítva. Köszönet a fordítóknak az áldozatos munkájukért!
“Akismet Anti-Spam” fordítása a saját nyelvünkre.
Albanian, Arabic, Azerbaijani, Basque, Belarusian, Bosnian, Bulgarian, Catalan, Chinese (China), Chinese (Hong Kong), Chinese (Taiwan), Croatian, Czech, Danish, Dutch, English (Australia), English (Canada), English (New Zealand), English (South Africa), English (UK), English (US), Esperanto, Finnish, French (Canada), French (France), Galician, German, German (Switzerland), Greek, Hebrew, Hungarian, Icelandic, Indonesian, Italian, Japanese, Javanese, Korean, Kurdish (Sorani), Latvian, Lithuanian, Norwegian (Bokmål), Norwegian (Nynorsk), Pashto, Persian, Polish, Portuguese (Brazil), Portuguese (Portugal), Romanian, Russian, Serbian, Slovak, Spanish (Argentina), Spanish (Chile), Spanish (Peru), Spanish (Spain), Spanish (Venezuela), Swedish, Tagalog, Thai, Turkish, Ukrainian, Vietnamese, valamint Welsh.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 39.06254
Retrieved Text: Chinese (simplified),chinese (traditional),polish,german,russian,french,portuguese,japanese,spanish,italian,english,russian. 1366x768 capacitive touch screen. Chinese (simplified),russian,spanish,russian,chinese (traditional),italian,arabic,french,japanese,german,english,portuguese,korean. For renault megane iii fluence 2009-2016. Cd,dvd-r/rw,dvd-ram,video cd,mp3,mp4,wma,jpeg. 2009,2010,2013,2011,2012. 2005 s40 volvo. 2008,2012,2010,2009,2011,2013. Black & silver. Ht0731. 7kd-7024T6 volkswagen. Dgs7798g. Rock chip  rk3188. 487kg. Fit for mercedes/benz/gl x164: Screen honda city touch.
10.7mhz. Sentra-year: Kia sportage 3 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015. 178x100x70mm. Button color light adjustable: Car pillow monitor 1080p video. Al-8225. 2 din: 121 metro-year: Cs-f003. For subaru forester/impreze 2008-2011. 1gb ram, 16 gb internal memory. Canbus: Capacitive touch screen pure android 7.1. Support rear/front camera: Altice s60. 2005,2006,2004,2003. Hla-8838gb.
2009,2011,2012,2010,2008,2007. Portuguese,arabic,hebrew,italian,russian,french,thai,chinese (traditional),chinese (simplified),german,english. Infiniti speaker. Krona iceland. At-df11-488. Car video player touch screen mp5 player. Fm transmitter. Catuo. Opel astra j. Spanish,turkish,russian,hebrew,hungarian,swedish,french,japanese,portuguese,thai,chinese (simplified),dutch,russian,italian,chinese (traditional),arabic,greek,german,english,korean. Motorized slide-down face: 10.1 xtrons. 0.46kg. 39cm * 26cm * 22cm. 34*28*21cm. Android car head unit.
Vietnamese,spanish,bulgarian,norwegian,portuguese,macedonian,danish,indonesia,albanian,arabic,swedish,czech,japanese,greek,korean,croatian,polish,turkish,swahili,finnish,ukrainian,azeri,welsh,french,armenian,estonian,hungarian,maltese,slovak,thai,malay,german,romanian,lithuanian,slovenian,latin,filipino,dutch,irish,belarusian,yiddish,latvian,serbian,hebrew,italian,persian,russian,hindi,chinese (traditional),chinese (simplified),english. 3d map sd card: Mp3,dvd-ram,mp4,dvd-r/rw,wma. Android 6.0. For vw volkswagen. Bmw 1 series e81 e82 116i 118i 120i 130i. 180*40*103mm. 2012 honda cr v. For car tablet. 2din car radio for pajero: Lexus 480. 155*178*100mm6kd-6900. Cusp-hy-sonata. 178mm x 102mm.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 38.933685
Retrieved Text: Charger,mp3 players,cd player,built-in gps,radio tuner,bluetooth,touch screen. Main frenqency:Na02w6vw0710skod. Wifi function,support steering wheel control. Mp5 radio auto. For hyundai ix35 tucson 2009-2013. About 178 * 100 * 65mm / 7.01 * 3.94 * 2.56in. Wholesale mazda 2. 2008,2006,2010,2007,2011,2009. Wholesale bmw x3 f25. Mp4 player with usb input. F9705.
For fiat ducato. Cd player. Ats screen. Am fm. Honda crosstour radio. 7210b 7212b 7218b 7210g. Golf 7 radio. Dvd audi a3. Ag5091. Radio tuner,touch screen,mobile phone,bluetooth,tv. Spanish,turkish,hebrew,indonesia,romanian,french,polish,portuguese,thai,russian,italian,vietnamese,bulgarian,arabic,persian,czech,greek,german,malay,english,ukrainian. Bt function, free hand call and bt music. For kia sorento 2012-2014. Multimedia car system. Spanish,turkish,russian,hebrew,hungarian,french,polish,portuguese,chinese (simplified),russian,italian,chinese (traditional),arabic,greek,german,english. 2 din car gps. The radio is universal for 2 din car console. For volkswagen, skoda, seat vw passat jetta golf5 6,tiguan.
Spanish,turkish,russian,hebrew,hungarian,french,polish,portuguese,thai,chinese (simplified),russian,chinese (traditional),italian,arabic,german,english. Turkish,spanish,finnish,filipino,swedish,french,japanese,polish,portuguese,thai,chinese (simplified),dutch,russian,italian,belarusian,czech,german,english,ukrainian,korean. Zh-m435-d-max. Video aux to hdmi. Wholesale saab gasCar remote control with camera. Xtrons 2din. Max external memory 32g: Ocb-1908dFree gps antenna+warranty 1 year. 10.1 screen touch. 1080p*800. Support 512m/1g/2g/4g/8g memory card. Double 2 din car dvd. Corolla 2008. Spanish,norwegian,portuguese,dutch,japanese,korean,turkish,italian,russian,french,malay,chinese (simplified),english. 4x60w. Wholesale 600 fiat. 2013,2010,2014,2011,2012.
Inand flash: Heated steering. For vw golf(mk4)(1997-2003)/citi. Wholesale w203 mercedes. Highlander 2012. 9601g250mm*165mm*210mm. Button light color: 4g internet: 2007 porsche cayenneFm transmitter,touch screen,built-in gps,radio tuner,bluetooth. 7 * 5 * 4 inch. 4* 50w. Citroen c3 ds3 2011-2016. 44.5cm*25.5cm*18cm. Ducato.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 38.916576
Retrieved Text: Download Free Translations of Quran in English, Indonesian, German, Bengali, Portuguese, Urdu, Albanian, Deutsch, Spanish, Bosnian, Thai, Swedish, Korean, Greek, Persian, Turkish, Chinese, French, Russian and in many more Languages. We will add more translation of Quran Soon!!
At first Right Click on (this Download icon) and then click Save Targets/ Save link As.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 38.770905
Retrieved Text: “Akismet Anti-Spam” is open source software. De volgende personen hebben bijgedragen aan deze plugin.
“Akismet Anti-Spam” is vertaald in 62 talen. Dank voor de vertalers voor hun bijdragen.
Vertaal “Akismet Anti-Spam” naar jouw taal.
Albanian, Arabic, Azerbaijani, Basque, Belarusian, Bosnian, Bulgarian, Catalan, Chinese (China), Chinese (Hong Kong), Chinese (Taiwan), Croatian, Czech, Danish, Dutch, English (Australia), English (Canada), English (New Zealand), English (South Africa), English (UK), English (US), Esperanto, Finnish, French (Canada), French (France), Galician, German, German (Switzerland), Greek, Hebrew, Hungarian, Icelandic, Indonesian, Italian, Japanese, Javanese, Korean, Kurdish (Sorani), Latvian, Lithuanian, Norwegian (Bokmål), Norwegian (Nynorsk), Pashto, Persian, Polish, Portuguese (Brazil), Portuguese (Portugal), Romanian, Russian, Serbian, Slovak, Spanish (Argentina), Spanish (Chile), Spanish (Peru), Spanish (Spain), Spanish (Venezuela), Swedish, Tagalog, Thai, Turkish, Ukrainian, Vietnamese, en Welsh.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 38.704243
Retrieved Text: Fm / am / rds / bt / free hand call and bt music. C180 w203. Dj7066. Rx350. Spanish,portuguese,arabic,german,italian,russian,chinese (traditional),chinese (simplified),english. Wholesale palio blit'z. 5.1 multimedia speakers. 2 din bt. Smart steering wheel control. Car in console steering wheel control. Renault megane 3 fluence. Ha2138-s720. Car tv. 10.4 inch hd capacitive 5-point touch screen. Kf-v2714q. Indash. 0.73kg.
Wholesale crv honda 2011. Eq adjust: Vietnamese,spanish,georgian,bulgarian,norwegian,portuguese,macedonian,danish,indonesia,albanian,arabic,swedish,japanese,czech,greek,korean,polish,croatian,turkish,swahili,boolean text (dutch south africa),finnish,catalan,ukrainian,azeri,welsh,icelandic,armenian,french,estonian,maltese,hungarian,thai,slovak,malay,german,romanian,lithuanian,slovenian,latin,dutch,filipino,irish,spain's basque,belarusian,galicia,yiddish,latvian,serbian,hebrew,italian,persian,russian,hindi,haitian creole,chinese (traditional),chinese (simplified),english,urdu india. Am radio: Android head unit double din. Pilot-year: Sd card port. Fit for mercedes/benz/sprinter: 2010,2011,2012,2013,2008. Chinese (simplified),spanish,russian,russian,chinese (traditional),italian,arabic,french,japanese,lithuanian,german,english,portuguese,korean. 2017 vw tiguan. X-trail 2015. Wholesale city honda 2010. 7 inch touch screen car multimedia players. Radio: Volvo 2008 xc90. 3008-year: Vietnamese,spanish,georgian,bulgarian,norwegian,portuguese,danish,indonesia,arabic,swedish,japanese,czech,greek,korean,polish,croatian,turkish,swahili,boolean text (dutch south africa),finnish,catalan,ukrainian,azeri,french,armenian,estonian,hungarian,slovak,thai,malay,german,romanian,lithuanian,slovenian,filipino,dutch,latvian,serbian,hebrew,italian,persian,russian,hindi,chinese (traditional),chinese (simplified),english.
Phone china. Wholesale  prado 120. Eunavi-311 new. 18.70 * 11.50 *6.50 cm. 2gb ram , 16gb rom. Audi a4 (2002-2008). Speakers hyundai i20. Cortex a9. Epica-year: Kf-v2189f. S1701p. Iso cable(plug and play). Captiva sportGps watch  smart. Clock car 12v. H2-year: Cc028. Fm / am /rds. For jeep grand cherokee 1999-2001. W204 screen.
Car radio player. S60 v70 radio. Nissan tiida x-trail frontier sentra gps:E60 bmw 5 series. Wholesale radio citroen c5. Dab 2 din car radio. 2010,2009,2012,2008,2011. Head seat car dvdFor kia rio 2005-2011S190. Ad71crv8001,cam3. Toyota rav4 2014 2015 2016 car android 6.0. Yes/better bluetooth signals. Android 7.1 2din car radio: 178*102mm*27mm.
Gps navigator. Modle 1/modle 2. Android car radio for hyundai. Dual cam-in: Gbtiger. Audio format: Mob, rds, bluetooth ready, handsfree. Ha5328-s720. Usb   audi. Tigra opel. Size: 2010,2011,2007,2012,2008,2009. Wholesale 2007 ford mondeo.
Free 8 gb map card

================



======= Instance Index 216 =========
Input Text: The word "reappearance" has multiple meanings. Does it have the same meaning in sentences 1 and 2? Yes or no?

Sentence 1: The reappearance of Halley's comet.
Sentence 2: His reappearance as Hamlet has been long awaited.

Target Text: No

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 46.397198
Retrieved Text: Halley's comet takes 76 years to pass by Earth. This comet is an example of a short-period comet, one whose orbit is influenced by the gravities of the outer planets of the solar system and so usually stays within the area of the planets.
Halley's comet comes as close to the sun as 88 million kilometers, which is closer than the orbit of Earth. Its farthest distance from the sun is 5.2 billion kilometers, which reaches even beyond the orbit of Neptune.
Edmund Halley used Isaac Newton's theory of gravitation to conclude that the comets that made appearances in 1531, 1607 and 1682 were actually the same comet. He then used the theory to predict that this same comet would appear again in 1742, and it did, although Halley did not live to see the comet's reappearance.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 35.98037
Retrieved Text: Why can't I find Halley's Comet at the Battle of Hastings? – Simulation Curriculum Corp.
Why can't I find Halley's Comet at the Battle of Hastings?
Unfortunately, predicting comet positions on past trips around the sun is one area of astronomy where simulation programs like Starry Night are not very effective. As a comet goes around sun, its orbit is altered by the gravitational influence of the sun and planets in ways that can't be predicted by Starry Night. The gas and dust released by the comet as it gets closer to the Sun also causes the orbit of the comet you are interested in to change. For example, the orbital period of Halley's comet has varied from 76 years to 79 years over the last thousand years. The bottom line is that the orbital elements for a comet in Starry Night are valid only for its most recent trip around the sun and can't be used to predict its appearance in the more distant past.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 35.645836
Retrieved Text: Icy bodies that usually consist of methane, water, and other materials that originate from beyond the jovian planets, and occasionally fall into the inner solar system giving off a massive tail as material is boiled off.
What's going on in this photo of Halley's comet's tail?
Halley's Comet current location in sky and visibility?
Is a comet necessarily confined to the solar system?
Will comet 21P that just passed Earth on Sept 10 produce Draconid storm on Oct 9?
How bright is Comet PANSTARRS C/2017 S3 now?
Would the dynamic pressure of the Sun’s solar wind be strong enough to trap plasma ions within an open container?
Do the cometary gas ions which make up the plasma tail of a comet reach the velocity of the Sun's solar wind?
when are you able to see Halley's comet, and for how long?
How often do comet occultations of stars happen?
How do comets and other solar system bodies gain energy to exit the solar system?
Do comets have a limited number of orbits?
Would a direct hit by a small comet be catastrophic?
Would a direct hit by a short-period comet with a 3 mile diameter nucleus cause enough damage on Earth to threaten or destroy human life and the ability to produce crops?
What would people on Earth see during a close comet pass?
What would people, standing on Earth, see, hear and smell, if a short period comet, with a two mile diameter nucleus, came by at 100,000 miles above us?
Would a short-period comet, with a 2-mile nucleus, be able to come within 200,000 miles of Earth without breaking up?
How

########
Rank: 3
Score: 33.808983
Retrieved Text: Halley's comet originates in the Kuiper belt and has a period of about 76 years. One of the strange things about Halley's comet is that is motion is retrograde, that is, it moves in the opposite direction to that of the planets. In 1986 five spacecraft were directed towards Halley as it approached Earth. Two of these missions were launched by the USSR (Vegas 1 and 2), two by Japan (Susei and Sakigake), and one by the European Space Agency (Giotto). The probes found that Halley's nucleus was irregular in shape, 16 km long and 8 km wide. The dust-rich surface was darker than coal and contained small hills and craters. The comet's inner coma consists of a mixture of about 80 per cent water vapour, 10 per cent carbon monoxide, and 3.5 per cent carbon dioxide, with some complex organic compounds. Most of the particles in the tail are composed of a mixture of hydrogen, carbon, nitrogen, oxygen and silicates.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 32.737343
Retrieved Text: Halley's Comet -- now the best known as well as the most famous of interplanetary wanderers -- is heading back toward the outer reaches of the solar system. It leaves behind an international cadre of scientists who are jubilant at the information they have gained. Close-in images and measurements taken by four spacecraft have confirmed the hypothesis that this comet -- and presumably most other comets -- is largely a dirty snowball.
The new data have also raised questions about the details of Halley's makeup. These include the question of why the comet's peanut-shaped nucleus is covered by a crust whose blackness is ``the darkest dark you can imagine,'' according to European Space Agency (ESA) scientist Horst Keller.
Now the international scientific team is settling down to many weeks of intense study to discover what the billions of bits of data they have gathered can tell them. It should establish a new benchmark against which they can test theories of the solar system's formation. Comets are thought to be unaltered samples of the primordial material from which the outer planets formed.
Roald Z. Sagdeyev, who directs the Soviet Union's Halley exploration missions, is promoting the idea of an international unmanned mission to Mars as a follow-on project. He cautiously notes that, at this point, it is only a personal, not an official, suggestion. However, scientists from other countries have repeatedly praised the openness and cooperative spirit that have characterized Soviet participation in the Halley program.
Four spacecraft took part in the Halley encounter -- the Soviet Union's Vega 1 and

########
Rank: 5
Score: 32.17052
Retrieved Text: Numerous traditions of the Prophet of Islam and the Infallible Imams (a.s) have predicted the reappearance of His Eminence, Imam Mahdi (a.s).
Numerous traditions have been recorded from the chief of the Progeny of the Messenger of Allah, His Eminence, Ali (a.s) regarding the reappearance of His Eminence, the Awaited Imam Mahdi (a.s).
The Imam describes events following the reappearance of the 12th Imam.
This saying is from a discussion of the Imam with his faithful companion, Kumail ibn Ziyad.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 31.827166
Retrieved Text: The Soviet Union's spacecraft Vega 1 sent back data from its first close glimpse of Halley's comet Tuesday to international observers, both scientists and machines, assembled at the Institute for Space Research.
The unmanned spacecraft was nearly 9 million miles from the comet's nucleus when the sensors went on Tuesday morning, so the initial data was sparse. But the spacecraft, streaking at 47 miles a second, was set, on orders from Earth, to carry out what would be man's first encounter with the Solar System's best-known comet.
That meeting is to occur Thursday at 10:15 a.m. Moscow time (2:15 a.m. EST), as the craft, one of two Soviet spacecraft aimed at the comet, passes 5,600 miles in front of the comet's icy nucleus. The European space agency's spacecraft and two Japanese craft are to rendezvous with the comet in the next seven days.
This period is "the greatest week cometary science has ever had and is likely to have for quite some time," Dr. John C. Brandt, an astronomer at the Goddard Space Flight Center in the United States who is in Moscow for the occasion, said.
Scientists hope to gather extensive data on the composition of cometary gases, the density of the dust storm near the comet's core and the interaction between the comet and the solar winds buffeting it.
More important than these diverse sensors, according to the head of the institute, Roald Z. Sagdeyev, will be the two television cameras mounted on the spacecraft. "For the first time in the interior of the comet, there will be eyes,

########
Rank: 7
Score: 31.569849
Retrieved Text: In 1839 and 1840, American E.C. Herrick observed that a meteor shower appeared to be peaking in October. He said the "precise date of the greatest meteoric frequency in October is still less definitely known, but it will in all probability be found to occur between the 8th and 25th of the month."
The radiant was found on October 18, 1864 when A.S. Herschel observed fourteen meteors radiating from the constellation Orion. The Orionids quickly gained popularity and are one of the most popular, and awe-inspiring, annual meteor showers.
In the early 20th century, the Orionid Meteor Shower sparked a debate. W. F. Denning and C. P. Olivier argued whether or not the radiant was truly in the constellation Orion. Although the radiant of the Orionids is more spread out compared to other meteor showers, Olivier was eventually shown to be correct. The radiant is indeed the constellation Orion. The meteor shower remained known as the Orionids.
When are the Orionids visible?
The Orionid Meteor Shower is the result of dust and debris left by Halley’s Comet (1P/Halley). Another meteor shower peaks six months earlier in the year, and can also lay claim to Halley's Comet as its parent body. It is the Eta Aquariids.
Although Halley's Comet currently does not have an orbital path which brings it near enough to Earth orbit to produce a meteor shower, this was not the case in centuries past according to astrophysicists at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory. Although nobody knows for certain when Halley's Comet first entered the inner solar system, it has been

########
Rank: 8
Score: 31.56166
Retrieved Text: There are 3 shops proposing this game for download at an average price of $ 5.99.
A point and click adventure game with very mild horror themes. The game is inspired by H.P Lovecraft, and is based around several of his books and themes. The game even features a cameo of the author himself, so the video game sort of acts a little bit like a tribute to the author and also touches on the fantasy genre. The game programmers at Infogrames didn't look back after Alone in the Dark. The game is set in the early 1900's and you play the character of John Parker a young English photographer visiting the fictional town of Illsmouth in New England. Parker soon discovers that things are not the usual in the quiet England town, you discover the last journalist that went to report on the passing of Halley's Comet went insane and was locked up in a mental institution. The game's storyline draws you in with mystery and elements of conspiracy. A very difficult adventure game, that serious adventure game fans will love. Since Infogrames was a French game designer the game originates from France. An overall excellent adventure game, that many would still consider a classic and one of the best titles in the adventure game genre.
Inspired by H.P.Lovecraft, this is one of the best horror adventures ever. You play young journalist Parker who comes in the town of Illsmouth to make a story on Halley's comet in 1910. 76 years ago, a scientist lord Boleskine was

########
Rank: 9
Score: 30.809351
Retrieved Text: Patricia Locke Halley's Comet Necklace. Featured in Silver with the color story, Celebration. Length Measures: Adjustable 16" - 18". Pendant Measures: .875". Sterling Silver Overlay. Handmade in USA.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 30.790524
Retrieved Text: ↑ Halley's Comet Exploration SUISEI. W: ISAS [on-line]. JAXA. [dostęp 2012-07-28].

########
Rank: 11
Score: 30.766638
Retrieved Text: Goals: The main objective was to take UV images of Comet Halley's hydrogen coma for about 30 days before and after the comet's crossing of the ecliptic plane. The spacecraft was also to gather data on the solar wind.
Accomplishments: Suisei flew by Comet Halley at a distance of about 151,000 km, returning ultraviolet images from within the giant coma of hydrogen gas surrounding the nucleus. It detected cometary water, carbon monoxide and carbon dioxide ions, and observed at least two major and four minor outbursts. Suisei observed that the solar wind slowed from 350 km/s to 70 km/s at a distance of about 420,000 km from the comet.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 30.557798
Retrieved Text: In the year 1835 AD Englishman, Henry F. Talbot invented Calotype photography.
In the year 1835 AD Solymon Merrick patented the wrench.
In the year 1835 AD Englishman, Francis Pettit Smith invented the propeller.
In the year 1835 AD Charles Babbage invented a mechanical calculator.
In the year 1835 AD "Halley's Comet" visited the Earth.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 30.507116
Retrieved Text: A couple big UFO milestones passed this week, and they bear mentioning.
Yesterday, May 1, was the birthday of my man, Dr. J. Allen Hynek. He was born in 1910, when Halley's Comet was passing through the neighborhood. Family lore was that new parents Joseph and Bertha took their 5-day-old son Josef Allen to the roof of their apartment building in Chicago to see the comet in the night sky.
This was a risky move in 1910. Halley's Comet was making its closest approach to earth in recorded history, and in fact our planet was going to pass through the tail of the comet as it passed. No one knew what might happen when comet dust pervaded out atmosphere. Would it poison us? Would it blind us? Would it kill us? Or would it turn us all, as H.G. Wells optimistically predicted in his 1906 novel "In the Days of the Comet," into proponents of free love?
Halley's Comet as it appeared in 1910, moments before obliterating all life on earth.
Also, I'm not quite sure on what day this happened, but sometime in the past week High Strangeness topped 100,000 total page views! That's 100K+ in a little under three years. Even if it's not a super huge number in the world of social media, I'm pretty pleased with it. And even if I discount the few hundred page views of my friends, relatives, colleagues and dog, it's still a pretty respectable number.
What's fascinating to me is what you, my readers, are most interested in. A post I wrote

########
Rank: 14
Score: 30.223427
Retrieved Text: The ISON comet, which reached the perihelion on 28th November 2013, was destroyed by the sun. It was a disappointment for many a science lover but it also shows the enormous complexity that the sky, our universal laboratory can display as the universal laboratory before us.
Comet ISON was discovered on 21st June 2012 by the Russian astronomical group and the name ISON was given, after the group that discovered it. Right from the beginning it was understood that it was a large comet, it would come very close to the sun. Its closest approach to the sun, called its perihelion, would be only 1100000 kilometers away from the surface of the sun. The astronomers thus surmised that the comet would become extremely bright and would be visible form the earth for several months, perhaps up to February 2014. Its path was accurately calculated and the perihelion was predicted to be on 28.11.2013, and it did reach its perihelion on the predicted day.
Being large and sungrazing also raised doubts about the survival of the comet. Since it is large its matter may not be very dense. Also if it would go too close to the sun, would it not get evaporated by the heat of the sun? These were the questions which everyone pondered about. Let us see why these questions are important.
The material of the comet is a solid object in the core. The core may be about 10 kms in diameter. Thus a comet, if it be close enough to the sun, i.e. about 300

########
Rank: 15
Score: 30.157303
Retrieved Text: Car Incident, Napoleon vs Hitler , Mark Twain and Halley&#039;s Comet , Danie du Toit, The City of Killers , Read Books! | 12 Ghastly Coincidences You Won’t Believe Are Realistic!
12 Ghastly Coincidences You Won’t Believe Are Realistic!
What a car-incidence! There were only 2 cars in the whole Ohio state in 1895…until they ran into each other.
The difference between Napoleon's birthday and Hitler's birthday was 129 years, they came to power 129 years apart, declared war on Russia 129 years apart, and were defeated 129 years apart.
In 1835 during an appearance of Halley's Comet Mark was born. In 1909 he said he expected to go out with Halley's Comet the following year. In 1910 he died on the day of its appearance.
At age of 49 South African astronomer Danie du Toit was giving a lecture about how death could come at any moment. After the lecture was finished, he pulled out a mint and put it into his mouth. He had choked to death within few minutes.
Stalin, Hitler, and Franz Josef, collectively responsible for approximately 80 million deaths all lived in Vienna in the meantime.
The book that eventually came home.
Anne Parrish, an American writer was walking through a bookstore when she came across Jack Frost and Other Stories. She told her husband how she loved the book as a child. He took the book, opened it, and inside the cover were written “Anne Parish, 209 N Weber Street, Colorado."
Next: 13 Tallest Man-Made Picturesque Structures!

########
Rank: 16
Score: 30.110706
Retrieved Text: 1720: On 10 February 1720, Edmund Halley was appointed second Astronomer Royal of England.
Born in 1656, he computed in 1705 that a bright comet was periodic and would make another appearance in 1758. The comet appeared as predicted and is now known as Comet Halley.
Unfortunately, Halley died in 1742 and never saw his prediction come true. Halley pioneered our understanding of trade winds, tides, cartography, naval navigation, mortality tables, and stellar proper motions. He (incorrectly) proposed that Earth was made of concentric spheres the size of the inner planets each of which might contain life.
Perhaps Halley's greatest discovery, however, was that his contemporary Isaac Newton had discovered a powerful mathematical formulation of gravity.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 30.080462
Retrieved Text: ThePlanetsToday.com brings you face to face with the solar system as it is now... and also how it was and how it will be.
Where is Halley's Comet (or 67P/Churyumov–Gerasimenko?... and a few others) right now?
This page shows the current location of some of the brightest comets. Some of these may even be visible to the naked eye. The data is mostly from NASA's JPL website.
The animation can be run forwards and backwards to show previous and future locations of the comets within their orbits.
Before you start jumping up and down and saying - "Hey... that ain’t right! I see no comets there!", make sure that you have the "3D" view enabled.
To explain: Up to now this website has only shown planets and objects which for the most part live in the plane of the ecliptic - e.g. the flat plane that all the planets move around in. Comets, however, do not obey this rule and have orbits that are at quite an angle to the ecliptic. This means that they often come at the Sun from a steep dive angle.
Halley's comet, for instance, at its furthest point from the Sun is about 10 AU (AU = the radius of Earth’s orbit) away from the plane of the ecliptic - on the southern side. Only when it gets very close to the Sun does it pop over onto the northern side for a few months (reaching about 0.2 AU from the plane of the ecliptic) before it goes south again on its way back out of the

########
Rank: 18
Score: 30.03948
Retrieved Text: If you were interested in reading a magazine article about hairstyles to wear in the evening, which magazine would be best?
How many articles about Halley's comet appeared in the October issue of Sky and Telescope?
If you wanted to photograph Halley's comet, which of the following articles would be most useful?
He writes stories for this magazine.
He’s Claudia Cangilla McAdam’s brother.
What would you find on page 55?
On what page does the story about kites by Jane Yolen start?
According to the chart, “Where new smokers come from,” which statement is true of adult smokers?
1993 had one of the lowest rates on the chart.
More adults smoked in 1988 than in 1976.
The lowest rate occurred in 1989.
Fewer adults smoked in 1985 than in 1989.
According to the chart, "Where new smokers come from," which statement is true of high school seniors?
The smoking rate hit an all-time low in 1990.
Only about 20 percent smoked in 1984.
Seniors usually smoked for only 30 days.
at least 24 percent of the citizens of the United States smoke.
Camel and Newport spend about the same amount of money on advertising.
Marlboro has over half the market share of teenage smokers.
Kool doesn't advertise to teenagers.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 29.668295
Retrieved Text: I know, I know. Just thought it should be mentioned.
It gets me thinking, most people talk about an asteroid hitting Earth, but it would be a lot more dramatic if it were a comet. The few nights before it arrived you might see a comet tail that filled a large part of the sky. Can you imagine how awesome/scary that would look? And if it missed, but we passed through the tail, imagine the meteor showers!
I don't think passing through the tail would be dangerous to the Earthbound. I would think the material in the tail would be too small to impact the surface. Out on the ISS (or other manned station), however... Didn't the Earth pass through the tail of Halley's Comet in 1910?

########
Rank: 20
Score: 29.555212
Retrieved Text: "The Slave Ship Of Space!"
Kanjar Ro captures the JLA and paralyzes everyone on Earth. They must help him capture his 3 arch-enemies in order to free Earth.
1 page of science facts! Sizes of planets, trade winds, orbit of Halley's comet.
2 page letter column in this issue.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 29.445492
Retrieved Text: Lifeforce. A space shuttle mission investigating Halley's Comet brings back a malevolent race of space vampires. Wallpaper and background images in the Vampires club tagged: lifeforce space vampires poster movie toby hooper colin wilson vampire image.
This Vampires photo contains anime, grappig boek, manga, cartoon, and stripboek. There might also be krant, tijdschrift, tabloid, vod, papier, and rag.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 29.384808
Retrieved Text: Review of Halley's Casino (book 1) - HERE!
Marine - book two in the Halley's Casino trilogy - opens on the watery planet of Marine following a new main character, LeBeau who is the cousin of the Prime Minister of Telvon 3, TeeceeFore. He had just inherited the estate of an old friend, Professor Gabriel Pheet. But behind the facade of heir, he was also on a second an more dangerous mission to search for a lost Triopelian Star Chart. Several factions were desperately working to be the first to find it, so danger and intrigue surrounds him.
At the same time, we continue to follow Nebula York on Halley's Casino. A deadly pair has landed there through misdirection on the part of the professor. They are determined to find the star chart first, and anyone in their path is in danger. When they discover they have been sent on a wild goose chase, they head back full speed to Marine. Nebula and a few others race there as well.
Although a little more serious this time around, Marine has that same madcap feel to it. Whether on Halley's Comet, on the surface of Marine or deep in the caves under it's ocean, the plot still unexpectedly turns left on a regular basis, continuing the amusing, madcap feel found in Halley's Casino.
A moon that rising out of the ocean, an android with an unusual sense of humour, a race evolved from tadpoles, a sentient underwater creature and of course John Lennon are just a few of the elements wound

########
Rank: 23
Score: 29.366516
Retrieved Text: Plot Summary: The story of Tom Sawyer, Huck Finn, and Becky Thatcher as they set sail in a riverboat balloon for a close encounter with Halley's comet. Will Vinton, the Oscar-winning director is the master behind this presentation. James Whitmore lends his voice as Mark Twain. Includes excerpts from life on the Mississippi and "The Celebrated Jumping Frog of Calaveras County."

########
Rank: 24
Score: 29.206614
Retrieved Text: Edmond Halley FRS (pronounced /ˈɛdmənd ˈhɔːliː/) (8 November 1656 – 14 January 1742) was an English astronomer, geophysicist, mathematician, meteorologist, and physicist who is best known for computing the orbit of the eponymous Halley's comet.
Halley was born in Haggerston, Shoreditch, England, the son of a wealthy soapboiler. As a child, Halley was very interested in mathematics. He studied at St Paul's School, and then, from 1673, at The Queen's College, Oxford. While an undergraduate, Halley published papers on the solar system and sunspots.
On leaving Oxford, in 1676, Halley visited the south Atlantic island of St. Helena and set up an observatory with a 24 foot long aerial telescope with the intention of studying stars from the Southern Hemisphere. He returned to England in November 1678. In the following year he went to Danzig (Gdańsk) on behalf of the Royal Society to help resolve a dispute. Because astronomer Johannes Hevelius did not use a telescope, his observations had been questioned by Robert Hooke. Halley stayed with Hevelius and he observed and verified the quality of Hevelius' observations. The same year, Halley published Catalogus Stellarum Australium which included details of 341 southern stars. These additions to present-day star maps earned him comparison with Tycho Brahe. Halley was awarded his M.A. degree at Oxford and elected as a Fellow of the Royal Society.
In 1686 Halley published the second part of the results from his St. Helena expedition, being a paper and chart on trade winds and monsoons. In this he identified solar heating as the cause of atmospheric motions.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 29.029497
Retrieved Text: In August of 1835, Halley's comet appeared in the night sky. Showing up every 74 years or so, the comet's fantastic flame had a reputation for causing sensations. This time was no exception. Halley was blamed for a New York City fire which raged for several nights. The Seminole Indians in Florida looked up at the comet's long tail and associated it with the day they would lose their sovereignty. Meanwhile, revolutions erupted all throughout Latin America.
But for Davy Crockett, the flame must have represented an exciting new chapter in his life. He had just lost a narrow election for congress in Tennessee. He was said to have announced to his constituency, "You may all go to hell, and I will go to Texas. Little did he know that his light was about to burn out with Halley's comet at the Alamo, during the Texas Revolution, only a few months later.
Strangely enough as Crockett was on his way out, another luminary figure was being brought into the world. This individual would become a prolific writer who would owe a great deal of his craft to the folklore and legends that were developed around Davy Crockett. And this individual just so happens to be the most influential author in American history.
Mark Twain was born in 1835 as Halley’s Comet made its regular 74 year appearance. He died in 1910 when it made its next run.
*Leigh Cooper, Hero and Me Podcast Producer and Co-creator of the Do Stuff YouTube channel, wrote a pretty concise newsletter about Halley's comet's

########
Rank: 26
Score: 28.725155
Retrieved Text: Why are meteor showers like the Perseids so common? Turns out, space isn't as empty as you might think. It's littered with debris that forms those spectacular meteor shower we look forward to each year. Following is a transcript of the video.
Solar eclipses are rare and you can never predict when an aurora will illuminate the sky. But there's one cosmic light show we can always count on. Meteor showers. They happen around the same time each year and have been doing so for centuries. But despite their brilliance and beauty it doesn't take much to make a meteor shower. You just need three ingredients, the sun, Earth and a comet.
Comets have been around since the dawn of our solar system over four-and-a-half billion years ago. They formed out of the same disc of gas and dust that created earth and the other seven planets. And like the other planets they too orbit the sun but that's where the similarities end. Most planets orbit the sun on fairly circular orbits whereas comets take a more elliptical path through our solar system. Check out Halley's Comet for example. Right now it's beyond the orbit of the furthest planet Neptune. But over the next 50 years it will travel about three billion miles toward the inner reaches of our solar system. Eventually flying past Earth in the year 2061.
And it's encounters like this that make meteor showers possible. Because as a comet approaches the inner solar system, the sun's radiation heats up ice under the surface and as

########
Rank: 27
Score: 28.633387
Retrieved Text: I had heard that comet ISON might not survive a close pass by our Sun, and I was curious about the odds of how other comets had fared. So, how often do other comets survive a close pass by our sun? Also, are there any connections between a comet's size or buildup(of material) that makes it more or less likely to not survive?
How close is perihelion? Too close and it may be destroyed on its first pass. We know Halley's Comet, which has a perihelion of about 0.6AU, has been orbiting for over 2000 years, passing the sun every 74-76 years and is still going strong.
How big is it? Every pass loses material, so a bigger comet could last longer.
What is its composition? Darker comets can absorb more energy when close to the sun, which may accelerate outgassing and breakup.
And of course some comets hit large objects - Shoemaker-Levy hit Jupiter and was destroyed.
Not the answer you're looking for? Browse other questions tagged the-sun solar-system observational-astronomy comets space or ask your own question.
Is this object an asteroid or comet, and how can it produce so many tails?
What documented comet has/had the highest specific orbital energy?

########
Rank: 28
Score: 28.436192
Retrieved Text: Scope and Contents Observation books contain astronomical observations made at the Chamberlin Observatory from 1897 through 1925, including Halley's Comet in 1910. Observation notes include Howe's notes as well as other astronomers. The reference material is ''A List of Stars for Observations of Latitude with Approximate Zenith Distances for Chamberlin Observatory,'' complied by Charles Joseph Ling.
Overview University of Denver (DU) administrator and Professor of Astronomy and Applied Mathematics Herbert Alonzo Howe poses for a formal portrait in Denver, Colorado.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 28.424364
Retrieved Text: A very large comet which was discovered on July 23, 1995, and reached perihelion on April 1, 1997, when its brightness was magnitude -1.
THOMAS JOEL BOPP, codiscoverer of Comet Hale-Bopp, died January 5, 2018, in Phoenix, Arizona, from liver cancer.
Among other notable headlines, the comet Hale-Bopp made its closest approach to earth; Channel 5 broadcast for the first time; we said "eh oh" to children's TV favourites, the Teletubbies; and the first Harry Potter book was published.
But this probably won't be as bright and visible as 1997's Comet Hale-Bopp, said Geoff Chester of the US Naval Observatory in Washington.
I would suggest it will be as bright or a little brighter than Halley's Comet but not as bright as Comet Hale-Bopp.
Comet Hale Bopp puts out 21 Comet Hale-Bopp puts out 21 million tons of gas and dust - 50 times more than most comets.
Comet Hale-Bopp came with time to prepare for its brightest phase in spring 1997.
The extremely bright comet Hale-Bopp, discovered in 1995, last buzzed Earth in March 1997, when out of frenzy, thirty-nine people, part of a religious group called Heaven's Gate, committed suicide, believing that a UFO riding the comet's wake would rescue them from a doomed Earth.
Similar particles were detected coming off comet Hale-Bopp when it journeyed into the inner solar system in 1997 (SN: 7/29/00, p.
Distant dust: asteroid belt or boiling comet?
1997: The comet Hale-Bopp reached its closest point to earth.
While they may not be as impressive as Comet Hale-Bopp was in April 1997 (seen here over the Rocky Mountains near Banff,

================



======= Instance Index 261 =========
Input Text: The word "abuse" has multiple meanings. Does it have the same meaning in sentences 1 and 2? Yes or no?

Sentence 1: All abuse, whether physical, verbal, psychological or sexual, is bad.
Sentence 2: The child showed signs of physical abuse.

Target Text: Yes

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 46.389854
Retrieved Text: Domestic violence, including emotional, physical, psychological, sexual and verbal abuse is a crime.
Whether you are a victim of abuse or someone who acts in abusive ways, you can change your life!
Contact North Harbour Living Without Violence now!

########
Rank: 1
Score: 43.74851
Retrieved Text: This article is designed to help individuals determine if they or someone they know may be in an abusive relationship.
Identifying the signs of an abusive relationship early on are important, but it is never too late to get help. It can be difficult to recognize whether or not one is in an abusive relationship. Abuse may not define the nature of all of your interactions but that does not make the consequences less severe when abuse does occur. When people hear the terms “abusive relationship” or “domestic violence”, they may think that these relationships must have physical violence to fall under these categories. However, the National Domestic Violence Hotline defines domestic violence as “a pattern of behaviors used by one partner to maintain power and control over another partner in an intimate relationship.”5 Other than physical, abuse can be sexual, financial, or verbal (emotional/psychological). While these other types of abuse can be much more difficult to identify than physical abuse, they can still have lasting and damaging effects on the survivors. Individuals experiencing verbal and psychological abuse may not feel as though they are in danger, however, many abusive relationships quickly escalate to higher levels of severity.1 For this reason it is best to be able identify the characteristics of an abusive relationship early on.
Each relationship is different, and interactions between partners are often complex. Although the differences between normal relationship behavior and abuse can be hard to distinguish, a healthy relationship is one in which overall both partners are happy and treat each other equally.
It

########
Rank: 2
Score: 43.20514
Retrieved Text: "Sticks and stones may break my bones, but words can never hurt me." Do you remember hearing or saying this when you were a child? How much wiser people become as they mature into adulthood and realize that words can indeed be weapons; words can hurt very much. Why would someone who supposedly loves another say things to make a partner feel sick inside, betrayed and confused? Those who are verbally abused often think they may have caused the abuse or are at fault. Some even believe the terrible things said about them may be true. But they're not. The following is a summary of what is known about verbal abuse and the impact it has on women, men, children, families and local communities.
Statistics show that domestic violence (also known as partner abuse, spousal abuse and battering) continues to be prevalent well into the 21st Century. Gaining dominance and control over someone else are some reasons behind domestic violence. Physical and sexual violence are tools used by the abuser to gain control and dominance in the relationship. There are other types of partner abuse that are often less obvious to outsiders such as economic abuse, spiritual abuse, manipulation, threats, using children, and emotional abuse, including verbal abuse.
Most physical and sexual abuse begins with verbal aggression or abuse. In a study of rural women, emotional abuse, which includes verbal abuse, was endured by 100% of women living with an abusive partner (Bosch & Bergen, 2003). Although canny abusers use tactics to hurt their partners where clothing often

########
Rank: 3
Score: 42.242622
Retrieved Text: Domestic violence is an “equal opportunity offender”. It can happen to anyone of any race, age, sexual orientation, religion or gender. It affects people of all socioeconomic backgrounds and education levels.
Domestic violence can take many forms, including physical abuse, psychological, emotional, verbal and financial abuse, sexual violence and isolation. Laurel House staff members and volunteers are trained to help victims of all types of domestic violence.
Help, support and information are available to you through Laurel House. Please call our confidential, 24-hour hotline at 1-800-642-3150.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 41.904648
Retrieved Text: We believe that trauma is defined as suffering a severe life event such as sexual abuse, emotional abuse, domestic violence, sexual assault, loss of a loved one, or a significant accident/event.
Our agency specializes in treating trauma and strives to give patients the hope they need to heal from their past.
All of our staff is clinically trained in nationally recognized trauma modalities which include EMDR, IBSR, Trauma Focused CBT, and Nationally Certified as Certified Clinical Trauma Professionals.
Trauma can be a single event or a series of traumatic events that are repeated over time causing an individual to become overwhelmed with painful, frightening or loathing emotions. Over the last few years, the definition of psychological trauma has been broadened to include traumatic experiences such as physical abuse, sexual abuse and verbal abuse.
Trauma survivors may have experienced emotional childhood trauma in the form of an abusive parent or loved one. This type of abusive trauma may take the form of demanding, demeaning verbal attacks, or it could be in the form of physical or sexual abuse.
No matter what the type of childhood trauma, the negative impact on the victims is deep and lasting. Just as two people may not experience an event in the same way, no two people react to a stressful, traumatic event in the same way. While one person may find the ability to cope with a traumatic event, another may be unable to deal with the trauma by themselves in a productive manner.
We provide trauma-focused counseling for children, individuals, and families.
Our trauma treatment focuses on

########
Rank: 5
Score: 41.57639
Retrieved Text: Abuse of older people takes many different forms and is mainly categorized as physical, financial, verbal, sexual and emotional abuse. However, there are others actions that result in abuse such as: Neglect and acts of omission: including ignoring medical or physical care needs, failure to provide access to appropriate health, social care or educational services, or the withholding of the necessities of life, such as medication, adequate nutrition and heating; Discriminatory abuse: including racist, sexist, that based on a person's disability, and other forms of harassment, slurs or similar treatment. Institutional abuse: or the failure of an organisation to ensure necessary safeguards and good standards of care are in place to protect and support a vulnerable adult. This may include neglect and poor professional practice and may take the form of isolated incidents through to pervasive ill treatment or gross misconduct at the other. Any or all of these types of abuse may be perpetrated as the result of deliberate intent, negligence or ignorance.
Physical abuse is defined as the use of physical force that may result in bodily injury, physical pain, or impairment. Physical abuse may include such acts of violence as striking (with or without an object), hitting, beating, pushing, shoving, shaking, slapping, kicking, pinching, and burning. Inappropriate use of drugs and physical restraints, force-feeding, and physical punishment of any kind are also examples of physical abuse.
an older person's report of being physically abused.
Financial abuse is the most common form of abuse of older adults. It can involve illegally or improperly using a person's money,

########
Rank: 6
Score: 41.18175
Retrieved Text: An orphanage is defined as “an Institution that houses children whose parents are deceased or whose whereabouts are unknown.” It is a public institution created to provide care for protection for children without parents. Other residential institutions for children can be called group homes, children’s homes, refuges, rehabilitation centers, night shelters, or youth treatment centers.
There is an increasing body of evidence that orphanages, especially large orphanages, are the worst possible care option for children. In large institutions all children, but particularly babies may not receive enough eye contact, physical contact, and stimulation to promote proper physical, social or cognitive development. In the worst cases, orphanages can be dangerous and unregulated places where children are subject to abuse and neglect.
Children in orphanages can experience abuse in the form of mental, physical and sexual. They are often living in orphanages with years of neglect. Unfortunately, in any situation where adults have complete authority of control sexual abuse and other types of orphanage abuse can occur at any time. Acts of brutality by child care workers and other staff is common and the infant and child fatality rate for orphanages is high.
The Law Offices of Eugene K. Hollander is experienced in handling a wide variety of sexual abuse cases, including orphanage abuse. Mr. Hollander, a former prosecutor of Cook County, has the unique ability to sensitively represent clients of sexual assault. If you or a loved one are a victim of orphanage abuse contact our office today for a free consultation.
Orphaned children are society’s most vulnerable and susceptible population.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 40.897697
Retrieved Text: 1. I agree with those who tell us that emotional, verbal, psychological and spiritual abuse, are abuse. Also that one or all of the above are pre-cursors to physical and sexual abuse.
3. Domestic violence isn’t just from spouses (of whatever genre you have) or parents of children and teens. Extended family, their friends and parents of adults abuse too, that includes emotional and verbal.
4. Both spouses can be abusing each other, including physically – and both are abusers, and both are victims. Look up co-dependancy.
5. Emotional and psychological abuse of woman over man, is abuse.
And finally a few insights from Brene Brown, Daring Greatly – How the courage to be vulnerable transforms the way we live, love, parent and lead.
When shame becomes a management style, engagement dies.
Vulnerability is based on mutuality and requires boundaries and trust.
Vulnerability is about sharing our feelings and our experiences with people who have earned the right to hear them.
Vulnerability without boundaries leads to disconnection, distrust and disengagement.
We need to feel trust to be vulnerable and we need to be vulnerable in order to trust.
The result of this mutually respectful vulnerability is increased connection, trust, and engagement.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 40.875454
Retrieved Text: Nursing home abuse refers to elder abuse that takes place in a residential, long-term care facility. It is also sometimes referred to as institutional elder abuse. Other types of elder abuse are domestic abuse (abuse or neglect committed by a family member, friend, or caretaker) and self- neglect (in which an elderly person fails to care for him or herself).
Physical abuse – inflicting bodily harm on a nursing home resident through kicking, hitting, punching, over medicating, withholding prescription drugs, or using physical restraints unnecessarily.
Sexual abuse – forcing an elderly person to engage in any type of sexual behavior against their will. Sexual acts committed with an elderly person who is unable to grant or deny permission because of physical or mental status are also considered abuse.
Emotional abuse – keeping a nursing home resident isolated from family and friends; verbal abuse such as yelling, using demeaning language, making threats, or refusing to speak to an elder.
Financial abuse – using an elder’s money without his or her permission; engaging in financial transactions, making purchases or withdrawals, or signing up for credit cards or services without consent.
Neglect – withholding food, water, medication, hygienic care, etc.
In some cases, fear of repercussions may prevent victims of abuse from telling their families that they are being mistreated. Physical or psychological problems may also limit a victims ability to seek help. If you believe that a loved one is being abused, it is important to seek help as soon as possible.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 40.70244
Retrieved Text: Experts or consultants who provide clinical assessment related to physical abuse, sexual abuse, verbal, and psychological abuse and neglect to spouses, children and/or the elderly. Abuse / Child Elder Spousal experts serve as expert witnesses and forensic consultants in Nebraska legal matters, and provide expert reports and testimony for judges, attorneys, lawyers, law firms, insurance companies and government agencies in Federal and state court trials and arbitrations in Nebraska.
The listings below are of Abuse / Child Elder Spousal experts serving Nebraska.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 40.654694
Retrieved Text: Experts or consultants who provide clinical assessment related to physical abuse, sexual abuse, verbal, and psychological abuse and neglect to spouses, children and/or the elderly. Abuse / Child Elder Spousal experts serve as expert witnesses and forensic consultants in Missouri legal matters, and provide expert reports and testimony for judges, attorneys, lawyers, law firms, insurance companies and government agencies in Federal and state court trials and arbitrations in Missouri.
The listings below are of Abuse / Child Elder Spousal experts serving Missouri.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 40.48799
Retrieved Text: Abuse is when someone does or says things to another person to hurt, upset or make them frightened. It can consist of single or repeated acts.
Adult abuse is wrong and can happen to anyone who is 18 years of age or over.
The abuse can be committed by anyone, but is usually from someone who is in a position of trust – a relative, friend, paid worker or volunteer.
as a result of those needs is unable to protect themselves against the abuse or neglect or the risk of it.
This definition may include an adult who needs support with their physical or emotional wellbeing, who as a result may be considered vulnerable. They may need assistance with everyday living tasks. Some examples of this could be requiring assistance with eating, dressing, managing money or going out of the house.
Physical (hitting, kicking, undue restraint, over or misuse of medication, or inappropriate sanctions).
Psychological / Emotional (threats of harm, abandonment or humiliation, controlling relationships and isolation, verbal or racial abuse).
Sexual (unwanted sexual activity which the vulnerable adult has not consented to/and or was pressured into consenting).
Financial (theft, fraud or applying pressure in relation to money or other property, having money or other property misused).
Neglect (failure to meet the everyday needs of the adult at risk, which includes a person’s basic physical, emotional, social or psychological needs, failure to access medical care or services or failure to give prescribed medication).

########
Rank: 12
Score: 40.399815
Retrieved Text: Unfortunately elder abuse occurs at nursing homes across the United States. Seniors are victims of negligent nursing homes and staff members. Nursing home abuse leaves victims physically, mentally and even financially unstable. Learn more about elder abuse causes.
Physical abuse is the use of force intentionally to hurt a victim. This type of abuse results into a multitude of different injuries ranging from physical scarring to misuse of drugs and confinement. Elders skin is generally more susceptible to scars, bruising and infection.
Degrading elder patients in nursing homes can result into a variety of complications. Verbal threats at patients in order to manipulate them is one of the most common forms of emotional abuse. Emotional abuse results in mood swings, anxiety, depression, confusion and a variety of other behaviors. Emotional abuse takes many forms from verbal comments to neglect. Elder victims become quiet during this period of abuse because they fear speaking out may result in more harm. Learn more about psychological abuse in nursing homes here.
Sexual abuse occurs when a patient has been forced into unwanted sexual activity. This can occur when the victim is sleeping, ill, or too weak to verbally give consent. Nursing home residents are most likely to be sexually abused by staff members, other residents, visitors or even a family member.
If you or a love one has been a victim of nursing home abuse, please feel free to contact us for a free consultation. Speak with us, and let us help guide you through this difficult process.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 40.33889
Retrieved Text: The Truth About Sexual Assault: How Common Is Sexual Violence?
both physical and psychological, it encompasses violent and non-consensual behavior including acts that involve physical contact and those that do not involve physical contact such as verbal harassment.
noun - agreement for something to occur.
verb - to give permission for something to happen.
a single or ongoing experience that subjectively threatens a person's life, bodily integrity, or sanity, and overwhelms a person's ability to cope.
an attack, unwanted contact, aggression, always a lack of consent.
People who have been sexually assaulted once are at a greater risk of being sexually assaulted multiple times.
People who have committed an act of sexual assault once usually have committed multiple assaults.
Valenti-Heim, D., Schwartz, L. 1995. The Sexual Abuse Interview for Those with Developmental Disabilities.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 40.1214
Retrieved Text: Signs of emotional abuse in dating relationship - Gaslighting: How can you tell whether your partner is emotionally.
What are the signs of emotional abuse and domestic violence? An analysis of existing data. Being alert for signs or symptoms of emotional maltreatment when abuxe risk factors. Emotional abuse is another way that unhealthy relationships manifest. Its very important to spot the signs of an emotionally abusive relationship.
One of the signs of an emotionally abusive relationship, according to dating. Emotional / Psychological Abuse for example: verbal abuse such as name calling. Emotional or sexual abuse can be. Jul 2010. “I have also seen vladimir putin dating abuse in the dating relationships of young teenagers,” says Sheila K. Emotional abuse is insidious: Not only does it take many forms, it signs of emotional abuse in dating relationship be difficult to recognize.
Dec 15, 2018- Emotional Abuse Recovery board - Learn how to recognize. BYU Womens Services, LDS Family Services. The following signs may indicate that your teen is in an unhealthy relationship:.
May 2018. The signs of emotional abuse can be hard to spot, because victims often do their very best to hide what theyre going through. It can be emotional, sexual and economic in nature as well. It can be caused by a husband, or other relative. Emotional abuse is the most common form of abusive relationships – dating apps basel. Nikki Bella is DATING AGAIN as she asks a hunk to dance in Total.
Stay informed with our free articles and advice on dating, relationships, and sexuality. Victimization from psychological

########
Rank: 15
Score: 39.980076
Retrieved Text: Domestic abuse is defined as; physical, sexual, psychological, emotional or financial abuse that usually takes place within the home, and is perpetrated by a partner, ex-partner, family member or carer.
It can include stalking and harassment, controlling and threatening behaviour, forced marriage, so-called 'honour-based' crimes and female genital mutilation (FGM).
If you think you’re being abused, or are worried about a friend or family member, here are a set of questions to ask.
You can find more information about the different types of abuse below.
In 2015 coercive control became recognised as a criminal offence, punishable by law. Coercive control is defined as a pattern of intimidation, degradation, isolation and control with the use or threat of physical or sexual violence.
The reality is harsh. In the UK two women die each week at the hands of their partners or ex-partners. And a woman is at most risk of death or serious injury at the point of leaving or up to a year after.
Physical abuse is any kind of bodily contact with the intention of controlling or hurting you. It includes acts like pushing, slapping, hitting, hair-pulling, spitting, punching, kicking and biting.
Sexual abuse is when someone is forced, pressurised or tricked into taking part in any kind of sexual activity. Unwanted sexual behaviour can happen in intimate relationships. If consent isn’t given, it’s sexual abuse.
This ranges from verbal abuse and constant criticism, to more subtle tactics such as repeated disapproval, or even the refusal to ever be pleased.
Continual insults, accusations and insinuations erode a person until they lose all sense of

########
Rank: 16
Score: 39.866005
Retrieved Text: It doesn’t have to be physical to be abuse.
You might not notice it’s happening. You may just think it’s normal. It’s not. Verbal and other non-physical abuse can take a serious toll on your psychological and emotional health. It can also be a serious warning sign for more physical forms of abuse and sexual violence.
We can help. And you don’t have to turn your life upside down to make things better. Call and we can just talk. You don’t even need to tell us your name.
No Comments to "It Doesn’t Have to Be Physical to be Abuse – We Can Just Talk"

########
Rank: 17
Score: 39.767246
Retrieved Text: There are. Know how to help. Ten high school students has joined the month of february advocates. Learn more than even physical, emotional, including statistics adrien and marinette secretly dating fanfiction that 10% of non. More information on dating. Each year. Have also happens to feminist-bashers and definitions. What many date rapes go unreported. Girls and learn more common that are forms of an abusive person fact, and sexual, physical abuse, and/or. Teens is a weapon. Know how can be reproduced provided credit is a romantic or verbal abuse? Adapted from a world report incidents of color network facts available data on january 16. Learning to 12.5 of. Despite what many people believe, sexual, unhealthy. Several years ago, guessing its actual incidence is defined as. Learn domestic violence in various survival. These key statistics on a boyfriend or sexual assault; pushing; dating abuse crisis center. Digitizing abuse. Relationship abuse prevention program. Ten high school students are victims of high school students are perpetrated by the skills needed for the facts to look for combating teen dating. Empowering youth relationships. About teen dating abuse helpline for. Crossing the first thing you run things. Each year. Young as a survivor of all the development of dating abuse and education levels. Have experienced physical abuse and the sources for combating teen dating violence can someone uses.
While this infographic to get https://extrainnings-bn.com/anwar-dating/ 1 in a recent study found 10% of youth relationships reported experiencing cyber abuse, 40% report incidents of teens alike to help victims of. Have been physically hurt

########
Rank: 18
Score: 39.295834
Retrieved Text: Operation Care can help. Any age, any relationship, any gender. Anyone.
If you are experiencing abuse in your relationship, Operation Care is here to help. Our Domestic Violence / Sexual Assault advocates are always available by calling our 24-hour crisis line at 209-223-2600 or toll free 1-800-675-3392.
In addition to direct services and outreach, Operation Care also provides referrals to other resources, organizations, and agencies. We also have a list of additional informational websites.
Domestic violence is a pattern of abusive behavior in any relationship that is used by one intimate partner to gain or maintain power and control over the other. Behaviors can include psychological, emotional, verbal, sexual, financial, spiritual, and physical abuse, as well as stalking and threatening behaviors.
Together we can end Domestic Violence, Sexual Assault and Human Trafficking.
Wear denim to support victims of domestic violence.
Help us eliminate domestic violence, sexual assault, and human trafficking.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 39.26597
Retrieved Text: This systematic review sought to assess the impact of child maltreatment on cognitive functioning. Seventeen papers from Medline, PsycINFO, Embase and Amed (1995-2011) databases were analyzed based on inclusion/exclusion criteria. The studies have shown that maltreatment during childhood has deleterious effects on cognitive functioning. Overall, adults or children/teenagers exposed to abuse during childhood performed poorly on tasks meant to assess verbal episodic memory, working memory, attention, and executive functions. We conclude that child maltreatment is a risk factor for short and long-term development due to potential adverse effects on cognitive functioning.
Keywords: Maltreatment, cognitive function, child, memory, executive functions.
Este estudo buscou investigar os efeitos da exposição a maus-tratos sobre o funcionamento cognitivo através do método de revisão sistemática da literatura. Pelos bancos de dados Medline, PsycINFO, Embase e Amed (1995-2011), a partir de critérios de inclusão/exclusão, foram recuperados e analisados 17 trabalhos.Os estudos mostraram que há um efeito deletério de experiências de maus-tratos na infância no funcionamento cognitivo. De maneira geral, adultos ou crianças/adolescentes que sofreram maus-tratos na infância demonstraram um perfil cognitivo inferior em tarefas que examinaram memória verbal episódica, memória de trabalho, atenção e componentes das funções executivas. Conclui-se que maus-tratos sofridos na infância constituem fatores de risco para o desenvolvimento, tanto a curto quanto a longo-prazo, pois podem acarretar prejuízos cognitivos.
Palavras-chave: Maus tratos, funcionamento cognitivo, memória, funções executivas.
In its broadest sense, cognition may be defined as a set of mental abilities that enable acquisition, storage, transformation, and use of knowledge. From a theoretical standpoint, cognition comprises a set of functions distinguished both by the

########
Rank: 20
Score: 39.217552
Retrieved Text: Mickey Rooney, the well known actor, filed for restraining orders against his step children, claiming he and his wife have been victims of elder abuse. He is now 90 years old, but once was an active performer from vaudeville to films opposite Judy Garland. He is a well-loved film icon. Now, he and his wife have experienced verbal, emotional and financial abuse, and court documents say he was “effectively a prisoner in his own home.” The step children took over Rooney’s finances, prevented him access to his mail, and forced him into performances.
Rooney testified before a Senate Committee on Aging to let people know, if it could happen to him, elder abuse could happen to anyone. In fact, experts say elder abuse and neglect is a growing a concern, and could come in various forms: psychological, physical, sexual or financial. The American Psychological Association estimates 2.1 million older Americans experience some type of elder abuse.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 39.11663
Retrieved Text: If you wish to discuss or report a concern, please visit our 'Help and support' page for a list of contact numbers and organisations who can help.
Assault, hitting, slapping, pushing, misuse of medication, restraint, inappropriate physical sanctions, fabricated illness.
Sexual abuse Forcing or enticing a child, young person or adult with care and support needs to take part in sexual activities, whether or not they are aware of what is happening, to meet their own sexual needs.
This can involve looking at pornographic materials or encouraging or engaging in sexually inappropriate behaviour.
Threats of harm or abandonment, deprivation of contact, humiliation, blaming, controlling, intimidation, coercion, harassment, verbal abuse, cyber-bullying, or isolation.
Neglect is the persistent failure to meet a person's basic physical and/or psychological needs, likely to result in the serious impairment of the health or, in the case of a child, development.
Theft, fraud, internet scamming, coercion in relation to an adult's financial affairs or arrangements, including in connection with wills, property, inheritance or financial transactions, or misappropriation of property, possessions or benefits.
Harassment, slurs or similar treatment because of race, gender and gender identity, disability, sexual orientation or religion.
Neglect and poor care practice within an institution or specific care setting, i.e. hospital or care home, or in relation to care provided in someone's own home.
A wide range of behaviour neglecting to care for one's personal hygiene, health or surroundings - also includes hoarding.
Infestation of mice, cockroaches etc.
Stalking and Harrassment Persistent unwanted communications by telephone, letter, email, etc. sending or leaving unsolicited materials/gifts, graffiti, and/or messages on social networking sites or

########
Rank: 22
Score: 38.881504
Retrieved Text: Bereavement, Loss and Grief, Self-esteem, Confidence, Frustration, Stress Management, Physical, Emotional and Sexual Abuse.
Grief is an intense feeling of sadness that can be triggered following any loss, most frequently associated with the death of a loved one such as a family member, a friend and even a pet. An individual’s own terminal illness, going through a divorce or an expatriation process are all events that can also cause grief.
The stages of mourning and grief are often defined as denial and isolation, anger, bargaining, depression and acceptance. Although this inevitable process is experienced by all people at some stage in their lives, the order in which these occur do not necessary follow the proposed sequence (Elizabeth Kubler-Ross), and are experienced with varying degrees of intensity, depth and length depending on the type of loss as well in the way in which individuals are able to cope with their emotions.
Grieving is a personal process, and therefore there is no such thing as a ‘right’ way to experience it. Each individual will find his or her own road to recovery throughout which, of course, there will be ups and downs, but this is normal.
What is important in all this is that, no matter how much pain you feel, you will survive your loss.
People's esteem develops from the relationships and experiences that they have throughout their lives. It is something that develops and changes over time.
Self-esteem is the opinion that individuals have about themselves. It is something that tends to vary depending on social and/or working environment conditions. We all

########
Rank: 23
Score: 38.74252
Retrieved Text: It can be difﬁcult to work out if you what you are experiencing in your relationship is abuse or not. Domestic violence is not limited to physical abuse; it also includes emotional, verbal, psychological, economic and sexual abuse.
In general, New Zealand women and girls enter relationships without a ﬁrm understanding of what a healthy relationship looks like and what are the signs of domestic violence and abuse. Inner City Women’s Group wants to promote an informed, shared understanding of domestic violence for individual women, the professionals they might turn to for help and for everyone interested in knowing more about signs of abuse.
Inner City Women’s Group developed the 1 in 3 Be Free App in partnership with Omnispex, as a valuable resource that can help women of all ages, learn more about the dynamics of domestic violence and link them with support agencies to help them access safety.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 38.71917
Retrieved Text: Over 900,000 children in US are victims of parental abuse every year. The scars of the child abuse can be deep and long-lasting, often leading to future child abuse. Abuse generally falls into one or more of the following categories: physical, sexual, emotional or psychological abuse, and generally escalates over a period of time. Verbal abuse falls into many categories, including: abusive anger: criticizing, name-calling, threatening, blaming, using words to shame, yelling, swearing and screaming, and using threats to intimidate feelings. Physical abuse can include striking a child with the foot or burning, shaking, pushing, or throwing a child; or biting the child, pulling a child by the hair or cutting off a child’s air. Another form of child abuse involving babies is shaken baby syndrome, in which a frustrated parent shakes a baby roughly to make the baby stop crying, causing brain damage that often leads to severe neurological problems and even death. Parental verbal abuse often wound children so deeply that the effects remain apparent into young adulthood. Furthermore, it is noted that verbal abuse contributes towards more serious psychological complexities greater than that caused by physical abuse. Parental verbal abuse during childhood can scar brain deeply. A new research study headed by Martin Teicher, M.D., Ph.D., director of the Developmental Biopsychiatry Research Program at McLean Hospital, affiliated with Harvard Medical School found that verbally abusive parents could cause lasting damage to brain pathways that regulate emotions and process language in their children. This is the first evidence of the potential injurious effect of

########
Rank: 25
Score: 38.46542
Retrieved Text: We believe that all terms and conditions of employment should be based on an individual’s ability to do the job and not on the basis of personal characteristics or beliefs.
We provide employees with a working environment free of Discrimination, Harassment, Intimidation or Coercion relating directly or indirectly to Race, Religion, Political Opinion or Disability.
We acknowledge the value of our staff and treat each employee with dignity and respect.
We do not use cruel and unusual disciplinary practices such as threats of violence or other forms of Physical, Sexual, Psychological or Verbal Harassment or Abuse.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 38.399582
Retrieved Text: There have been a lot of stories over the past several years about how much abuse goes on in nursing homes around the country, and most people are well aware of the fact that many of our seniors are getting mistreated.
But that doesn’t mean you really understand how bad things are. The National Center for Elder Abuse has compiled studies showing that anywhere from 7.6 to 10 percent of all seniors have suffered from abuse. Worse, various studies estimate that only one incident of abuse is reported for every 14 to 24 that occur. And in a study conducted from 1999 to 2001, but only recently reported to the public, researchers found that instances of abuse occur at nearly one-third of all nursing homes in the United States.
If you have an older relative in an assisted living facility or nursing home, this report was probably particularly disturbing, and you may be watching out for signs of physical abuse when you visit. Some of the most common things to look for are bruises, broken bones, clothes that are torn or bloody, marks that seem to be from restraints, and signs of neglect, such as malnutrition, dehydration, bedsores, and a sudden loss of weight. Even excessive injuries from falls, which can be serious or very minor, can be a sign that someone is abusing your loved one.
But while it’s vital that you pay attention to these signs of physical abuse and neglect and report them as soon as you notice them, don’t forget it’s just as important to

########
Rank: 27
Score: 38.15287
Retrieved Text: The effects of child abuse essay Metaphor Essay This essay as an example, it's Thursday, February 17 that i'm just starting. If the essay does not have structure, the various readers will be unable to understand the story from the essay. Once you discover your motivation, you will have taken step one. Thesis can be a thesis of your narrative essay, writing a brief narrative essay help teaching resources. If it had been only a point and click on process, the image produced would have been a perfect reproduction of what we percieve rather than might know about feel. Although the 1st book of his I've read, he's four previous books written in the same vein, attacking each topic head on.
Child Abuse Can Kill The effects of child abuse can be long lasting or maybe even fatal. The National Center on Child Abuse and Neglect estimates that 2. 9 million children are abused or neglected by parents or caretakers each year Child Abuse Encarta. Most recognized essay writing sample essays, and paragraph contain?
Effects Child Abuse Alicia Baldwin English Dr. Hood 113 The topic of this essay is child abuse and the way it effects the person as they mature and become adults in society. When humans are young, their world revolves around their parents or primary care-givers.
Children and Abuse: The Reality Child abuse is one of the biggest problems facing the world today. Child abuse can be defined as any behavior directed toward a child by a parent, guardian, care giver, other family member, or other

########
Rank: 28
Score: 38.04727
Retrieved Text: Nor is the incidence of DV among lesbian cohorts minimal. In fact, abuse among lesbians occurs with far greater frequency than among heterosexuals (given as 24% by the study above), and far more frequently than male-on-female abuse. Estimates of abuse have ranged between 47% and 73% (Coleman, 1990; Bologna, Waterman, Dawson, 1987; Lie. et al. 1991) among lesbian subjects who responded to questionnaires assessing prevalence of some form of physical, sexual, or emotional-psychological abuse in at least one relationship. Estimates of verbal abuse in lesbian relationships have been as high as 95% (Kelly & Warshafsky, 1987). About half of lesbian subjects who participated in research surveys indicated they had experienced 10 or more abusive incidents during their relationships, and about three-quarters had experienced 6 or more (Renzetti 1992).
Men should fight for their own rights, of course!
Why marriage is a losing game for urban men?

########
Rank: 29
Score: 37.598385
Retrieved Text: Domestic Violence is a pattern of abusive behaviors used by someone to establish power and control over another person in a relationship.
There are many different types of violence and does not necessarily involve physical abuse. Abuse can consist of emotional, psychological, verbal and sexual abuse. Isolation from family and friends so that an individual has no other sources of support is often common in abusive relationships.
Domestic abuse often follows a cyclical pattern in which there are periods of calm, building up of tension and then abuse. Batterers may be apologetic, but as the cycle repeats the abuse usually gets worse over time.
- 1 in 3 women worldwide are victims of domestic violence.
- 1 in 4 women in the United States are victims of domestic violence.
Studies show that child abuse occurs in 30-60% of family violence cases that involve families with children. A child exposed to abuse is at the strongest risk for transmitting violent behavior from one generation to the next or becoming a victim of domestic violence themselves. Islam, Christianity and Judaism all prohibit domestic violence. Abusers often manipulate religion in order to justify their abuse.

================



======= Instance Index 463 =========
Input Text: The word "piano" has multiple meanings. Does it have the same meaning in sentences 1 and 2? Yes or no?

Sentence 1: Most of the works by Frédéric Chopin are for the piano.
Sentence 2: He can play "Happy Birthday" on the piano.

Target Text: Yes

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 46.268635
Retrieved Text: Chopin 4 in C- sharp minor : Torrent ﻿ 10 Chopin - Etude Op. 5 67 Ko) 9945x⬇ CLOSE For 17 years we provide a free and legal service for free sheet music 10 without asking you music anything in exchange. Etude in C♯ minor • 10 5. Etude chopin in C major • 8. I already play it up to tempo, chopin 5 but only on this passage am I having some problems. Frédéric Chopin: Etudes. Etude in C minor.
25 a set of three etude without 10 opus number. McCorkle, Johannes Brahms. If you use and like Free- scores. Etude etude in F minor • 10. Brass - Analytical music Notes: Horn Analyses Abbott, Alan. For 17 years we provide a free and legal service for free sheet music without asking you anything in exchange.
4 in C- etude sharp minor : Torrent etude sheet music for Piano PDF Score Info. The Nocturnes, Op. You will sheet be transfered to a page where you can sheet download sheet Chopin' s 12 Etudes Op. 14 from 200 etudes for horn, Bk. last updated: November 14,. Despite being forever associated with the nocturne dreamy music, ( essentially a etude piece of particularly wistful often intended to evoke images of the night) Chopin was not etude actually 10 its inventor.
to the sound of Patsy Cline" magical electro- ambient track written and recorded by Steve Bird. Etude in chopin 10 A minor • 3. Chopin etude op 10 no 5 sheet music. Etude in G♭ major • 6. This page

########
Rank: 1
Score: 45.988766
Retrieved Text: Is Chopin a romantic, mercurial, tempestuous composer? For me, definitely. That's why Argerich's performance of the Preludes speaks to me in a way no other performance does. She is so natural and spontaneous that all other versions seem ponderous and staid. If you're looking primarily for "dignity" in Chopin, you should probably try someone else.
Chopin's midi page by édgar Ardón - MIDI files, biography, links, more.
Frederic Chopin's Complete Etudes & Waltzes - Free sheet music and MP3s.
Frederic Chopin @ Heart's Ease - Frederic Chopin : brief biography, list of keyworks and further resources.
Chopin : the Poet of the piano - Biography, midi and MP3 files, works list, quizzes, great interpreters.
The Chopin Midi Collection - A Collection of Music in Midi Format.
Frédéric Fran�ois Chopin: Poet of the Piano - Brief biography, list of major works, personal insights.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 44.841713
Retrieved Text: 2 ( Frederic Chopin) by Kaare Norge tab with free online tab player. Piano solo [ Sheet music] Amsco Wise Publications. Nocturne in E- flat major, Op. This music is the chopin Nocturne Op. This violin popular nocturne is 9 in rounded binary form ( violin A B, A, B, A, A) with coda C. A sheet Nocturne was originally a piece of music to be played in the evening but chopin it came to mean simply a stand- alone piece nocturne usually for piano , a similar concept to a 9 Serenade with a rich Romantic sheet melody. 2 with good fingerings. Chopin - Nocturne Op 9 No 2 ( E Flat Major) sheet music for.
2 in E- flat major. 1 sheet music for piano solo by Frederic Chopin with Mp3 and violin MIDI files. 2 high quality sheet music available for download. Jun 19 · Chopin composed his popular Nocturne in E- flat major sheet Op. The Nocturne nocturne in E- flat major, Op.
2 Here is a free score of Chopin' s Nocturne Op. 2 " Andante, in E Flat Major" chopin " 2 sellers. One accurate version. 2 in E- flat major by Frederic Chopin. Chopin nocturne op 9 no 2 violin sheet. Chopin nocturne op 9 no 2 violin sheet.
1 in B flat minor marked nocturne larghetto, features a rhythmically free right- hand melody something that would be characteristic of nocturne Chopin' s later 9 violin style. Chopin No chopin 2 - arranged for Violin , Op 9, No 2 - arranged

########
Rank: 3
Score: 44.693157
Retrieved Text: Chopin always young and modern!
The Frederic Chopin Institute in Switzerland is organizing the first edition of the International Young Chopin Competition for Young Pianists, in October 2018, in Martigny (Switzerland). This new international competition aims at discovering the music of Frédéric Chopin by young performers from all over the world to present themselves in a front of the greatest specialists of the Polish composer, most of them are members of the jury of the great Frederic Chopin International Competition in Warsaw. Our competition aims to become a certain bridge for preparation for the polish contest. We are honoured to have received patronage from Fryderyk Chopin Institute in Warsaw and Martha Argerich.
Alexis Golovin (Russian: Алексей Головин) (born in Moscow in 1945) is a Russian classical pianist. Golovin began studying the piano at the age of 5 with Anna Artobolevskaya at the Central Music School of Moscow and later at the Moscow Tchaikovsky Conservatory, where he studied both the piano and musicology.
The opening concert of International Young Chopin Competition for Young Pianists "Jeune Chopin" will be held on the 14th of October 2018 at Fondation Pierre Gianadda in Martigny, Switzerland. Institute Chopin in Switzerland will be honored to welcome on stage the legend of the piano Martha Argerich and Internationally Renowned Chopin interpreters: Akiko Ebi, Ewa Pobłocka, Alexis Golovine. In the program works of Frederic Chopin, Sergei Rachmaninov, Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart, Maurice Ravel. Click below for the detailed programme.
⇒ pay the contest entry fee (100 CHF) to the account of the Frederic Chopin Institute in Switzerland.
We close entries

########
Rank: 4
Score: 43.07863
Retrieved Text: Frédéric Chopin made his name in the high-society salons of his native Poland and, above all, in the vibrant Paris of Eugène Delacroix, Victor Hugo and George Sand. His pieces for solo piano, often technically challenging, always enchanting, are in constant global demand today, especially when brought to life by a performer of Maurizio Pollini’s stature. The 77-year-old Italian musician has been in love with Chopin’s art since childhood, a passion clear in his critically acclaimed recordings of the composer’s works for Deutsche Grammophon. Maurizio Pollini – Chopin, set for international release on 25 January 2019, embraces a lifetime’s dedication to the composer and complements Pollini’s much praised 2017 album, Chopin – Late Works, opp.59–64.
Maurizio Pollini – Chopin comprises four works written between 1843 and 1844, including the haunting Berceuse in D flat major Op.57 and the four-movement Piano Sonata in B minor Op.58, a proud Polish musician’s spectacular creative response to the dominant legacy of German keyboard sonatas. The programme opens with Chopin’s two Nocturnes Op.55 and three Mazurkas Op.56, before moving to the composer’s Opp.57 and 58 scores, with each piece presented in the order of its publication. Pollini here trains the spotlight on the infinite breadth of Chopin’s melodic invention. As the pianist points out, Chopin always favoured variety over uniformity when constructing his own concert programmes.
Maurizio Pollini’s vision of Chopin was already highly developed by the time he took First Prize at Warsaw’s International Chopin Piano Competition in 1960. The 18-year-old Italian was lionised by Arthur Rubinstein, who turned to his fellow

########
Rank: 5
Score: 42.91022
Retrieved Text: Frédéric François Chopin (; ; ; 1 March 181017 October 1849) was a Polish composer and virtuoso pianist of the Romantic era who wrote primarily for solo piano. He has maintained worldwide renown as a leading musician of his era, one whose "poetic genius was based on a professional technique that was without equal in his generation."
All of Chopin's compositions include the piano. Most are for solo piano, though he also wrote two piano concertos, a few chamber pieces, and some 19 songs set to Polish lyrics. His piano writing was technically demanding and expanded the limits of the instrument: his own performances were noted for their nuance and sensitivity. Chopin invented the concept of the instrumental ''ballade''. His major piano works also include mazurkas, waltzes, nocturnes, polonaises, études, impromptus, scherzos, preludes and sonatas, some published only posthumously. Among the influences on his style of composition were Polish folk music, the classical tradition of J.S. Bach, Mozart, and Schubert, and the atmosphere of the Paris salons of which he was a frequent guest. His innovations in style, harmony, and musical form, and his association of music with nationalism, were influential throughout and after the late Romantic period.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 42.88661
Retrieved Text: A French pianist of Polish origin, Frédéric Vaysse-Knitter is a musician with a varied background and a broad repertoire who has been moulded in the grand tradition of the French, Polish and German piano schools.
His particularly thoughtful and original interpretations cast a new light on the works he plays. A deep and harmonious tone and a technical mastery that allows his music to blossom to the full are the hallmarks of his piano playing.
Following his studies at the National Conservatoire of Music in Paris starting at the age of thirteen and where he obtained a first prize for piano and for chamber music, he remained there to take the advanced course.
In 1989 he met Krystian Zimerman who advised and guided him in his choices; it was one of the decisive moments in his musical career.
He then attended the Freiburg Conservatoire in Germany where he was awarded the soloist diploma. He then decided to perfect his repertoire with some of the great figures in music such as Georgy Sebok, Alexis Weissenberg, Fou T'song, Alicia de Larocha, Andréas Staier and Léon Fleischer during his stay at the prestigious International Foundation of Lake Como in Italy.
As the winner of international competitions he was nominated as a Classical Revelation by Adami and is a Juventus prize-winner. Maria Joao Pirès also noticed him and invited him to the Lille Piano Festival.
He takes part in various radio and television programmes: France Culture, France Musique, Bayerischer Rundfunk, Radio Suisse Romande, France 2, France 3, the BBC and TV Polonia.
He is regularly invited to

########
Rank: 7
Score: 42.1394
Retrieved Text: The experimental short-ballet "Nocturne", inspired by nocturnal creatures and music by Frédéric Chopin will be performed tonight for the first time at the stage of Estonian National Opera in Tallinn.
Short ballet "Nocturne" choreographed by Tõnu Veiler, designed by Madis Nurms will premieré on May 8th at the Estonian National Opera. The scenography uses abstract video-visuals that react to the impulses from the music. So every time there is a change in the music of Chopin, the stage visuals will slightly alter.
Here's an opportunity to peek into the workshops and get a glimpse of some of the costumes that are prepared for short-ballet "Nocturne".
The costumes are made using laser cutting technology. A laser is used to cut abstract patterns into different materials. All the fabrics that are picked for the ballet play with light - are either sheer, luminous or reflective. The design uses them together with the cutting technology and directional theatre lights to create an unique visual effect and to highlight the dancers movements in the darkness.
A short ballet "Nocturne" choreographed by Tõnu Veiler, designed by Madis Nurms will premieré on May 8th at the Estonian National Opera.
The music of the ballet is by Frédéric Chopin who composed his nocturnes - 21 pieces for solo piano - between 1827 and 1846. They are generally considered among the finest short solo works for the instrument and hold an important place in contemporary concert repertoire.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 41.916843
Retrieved Text: Discover all the charm of classical music by mastering the Nocturne No. 20 by Frédéric Chopin! This enchanting melody will remind you of one of the most beautiful scenes from Roman Polanski's 2002 film "The Pianist". If you are a beginner, choose the simplified piano sheet music Level 1 to understand Chopin's romanticism. The original version of Chopin's Nocturne No. 20 in C-sharp minor will hold no secrets for accomplished pianists and reading aids are available to help with deciphering the piece if required. Chopin composed this work for his eldest sister, Ludwika Chopin, and it was published posthumously, twenty-six years after the death of the virtuoso. It is sometimes referred to as the 'Reminiscence' Nocturne.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 41.54955
Retrieved Text: Early Piano Rolls. Chopin' s Études are technically demanding require players to have alfred significant experience with speed, , arpeggios, alfred sheet trills even in weaker fingers. Here, old editions of sheet music have been made available to the modern Internet audience. Technical aspects and student guides. Piano Method sheet music. Fryderyk Franciszek Chopin ( auch Szopen, Szopę und Choppen oder Frédéric François Chopin) ( * 22. Casella, alfred Alfredo.
Description Alfred Cortot: In Search Of Chopin A series of themed essays rather than a traditional biography performer, this profile of Chopin is the work of legendary conductor Alfred Cortot. Online cortot shop music scores , sheet music, play along for download, books music. Original: 12 Etudes, Op. sheet Not sure what rolls your player piano can use? Over 700 musical instruments , 000 sheet music alfred titles . Notes transcription toccata d minor for harmonica alfred chromatic dedicated to Jean- Simon Taillefer my friend and my harmonica master. New rolls don' t have the damage and decay that old rolls suffer from. Our piano sheet music catalogue cortot includes pop classical, play- alfred along songbooks that allow sheet pianists of every ability to learn their favourites, easy arrangements , cortot discover new sheet songs master the classics. Category: Cortot Alfred Works by this person are most likely not public domain within the EU in those countries where the copyright term is life+ 70 years.
The book also contains alfred he. Alfred cortot sheet music. Milano: Edizioni Curci, 1946. Orchestral music. Alfred cortot sheet music. Alfred Cortot: Grundbegriffe

########
Rank: 10
Score: 41.470356
Retrieved Text: Frédéric Chopin (1 March 1810 – 17 October 1849) was a Polish composer and virtuoso pianist of the Romantic period. He is widely regarded as the greatest Polish composer, and ranks as one of music's greatest tone poets.
He was born in the village of Żelazowa Wola, in the Duchy of Warsaw, to a Polish mother and French-expatriate father, and in his early life was regarded as a child-prodigy pianist. In November 1830, at the age of 20, Chopin went abroad; following the suppression of the Polish November Uprising of 1830–31, he became one of many expatriates of the Polish "Great Emigration."
Chopin's extant compositions were written primarily for the piano as a solo instrument. Though technically demanding, Chopin's style emphasizes nuance and expressive depth rather than virtuosity. Chopin invented musical forms such as the ballade and was responsible for major innovations in forms such as the piano sonata, waltz, nocturne, étude, impromptu and prelude. His works are mainstays of Romanticism in 19th-century classical music.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 40.938175
Retrieved Text: Édouard Wolff (1816 - 1880) was a Polish pianist and composer and son of the famous doctor Józef Wolff and Eleonora Oestreicher. Wolff had the first piano lessons with his mother, an amateur pianist, and then studied from 1828 in Vienna with Wilhelm Würfel. After returning to Warsaw in 1832, he took private lessons with Joseph Elsner.
In 1835 he went to Paris, where he first had contact with Frédéric Chopin, who introduced him to the Parisian musical society. Later there was an alienation between Chopin and him. Nevertheless, he dedicated two of his more than 300 piano pieces to Chopin: the Grand Allegro de Concert and Rêverie-Nocturne (Homage to Chopin). He also composed forty duos for piano and violin as well as a piano concerto.
Although originally composed for solo Piano, I created this interpretation of the Nocturne in Ab Major (Opus 46) for Flute & Strings (2 Violins, Viola & Cello).

########
Rank: 12
Score: 40.468586
Retrieved Text: The brevity and apparent lack of formal structure in the Op. These include pedal markings, fingerings, dynamic markings, and Italian terms. As with his other works, Chopin did not himself attach names or descriptions to any of the Op.
It is often said that this refers to the persistent repeated notes which sound like rain falling. The fingerings are given by small numbers on some of the notes.
The short pieces are self-contained and free-standing. Giorgi Latso Problems playing these files? The idea came from George Sand who told of the sound of dripping water falling on the roof where they were staying in Majorca.
C major, A minor, G major, E minor, etc. Since this sequence of related keys is much closer to common harmonic practice, it is thought that Chopin might have conceived the cycle as a single performance entity for continuous recital.
Reputation and legacy[ edit ] Prelude No. Chopin - Prelude in D Flat major Op. A musical prelude is often an introductory piece but not in this case. They show the pianist where to depress the pedal ped. Here are the Italian terms and their English definitions: However, Chopin disliked descriptive titles and he did not give it this nickname.
He had a famous love affair with the French novelist Amantine Dupin, best known by her pseudonym, George Sand. He thus imparted new meaning to a genre title that at the time was often associated with improvisatory "preluding".
The pedal markings are given under the bass stave. The score is very detailed — it includes a lot

########
Rank: 13
Score: 40.19986
Retrieved Text: With Frédéric Chopin’s Fantaisie-Impromptu in c-sharp minor, G. Henle Verlag presents a further Urtext separate issue from among the most popular works of this central composer of romantic piano music. This ear-worm is “romantic” in the best sense: stormy, iridescent cascades produced by refined rhythms surround the hymn-like melody of the middle section. It is hardly surprising that Chopin fans easily end up rhapsodizing! What is surprising, however, is that the piece, still so popular today, is untitled in the source materials, and was not published until after the composer’s death. Moreover, there exist two versions; we print them both in our individual Urtext edition, which makes it easier to compare them with one another.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 39.749878
Retrieved Text: Original score of the Study No.2 in F minor written by Frédéric Chopin.
You can see our FAQ if you have any questions about how to download or purchase our scores.
For piano Arranged by Tausig C.
For piano Arranged by Melnotte C.
For solo and string orchestra Arranged by Gogolin M.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 39.70921
Retrieved Text: Sheet music for Valse by Frédéric Chopin, arranged for Flute and Piano. Free printable PDF score and MIDI track.
Download Yiruma - Spring Waltz Piano Music Sheets and Midi Files for Free.
Опубликовано: 14 дек 2016 🔥Learn Piano THE EASIEST WAY! goo.gl/ApFwZn 🔥Learn ALL OF YOUR FAVORITE SONGS On Piano! goo.gl/xiS1gw 🌟I'm giving away free sheet music in my videos, but transcribing sheets takes lots of time.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 39.608917
Retrieved Text: Warren Mailley-Smith will perform 10 x 1 hour concerts from memory with the accompaniment of a pre-performance champagne reception.
Warren Mailley-Smith is a British concert pianist who is currently recording Frédéric Chopin's complete works between 2017-20. Warren became known to the British public for being the first to perform Chopin's 233 solo piano works from memory. He has since performed to the Royal Family on several occasions and has been featured on BBC Radio and Classic FM. Chopin & Champagne by Candlelight will see 10 x 1 hour concerts performed from memory. The concerts will take place once a month with a pre-show glass of champagne.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 39.106667
Retrieved Text: In a sense, Chopin (1810-1849) occupied two worlds. In Poland, he was Fryderyk Franciszek Chopin of Warsaw. And, after age 21, when he had settled in Paris, he was Frédéric François Chopin. This Polish/European duality drove his life.
One of the most famous paintings of Chopin was done by his friend Eugène Delacroix in 1838. It was originally a double portrait of Chopin at the piano while his lover, the writer George Sand, sat to his right, listening and doing needlework, one of her favourite activities. This is one of the few portraits painted by Delacroix, who was better known for his large-scale works and for his lithographic illustration of the works of Shakespeare, Sir Walter Scott, and Goethe.
Chopin was the consummate virtuoso pianist of the Romantic era. In keeping with his skills at the piano, his skills as a composer made many of his works deemed ‘unplayable’ by those with lesser talents. He left Warsaw at age 20, settling in Paris at age 21 where he gave rare public concerts and taught extensively. During his years in Paris he was to become acquainted with a wide range of composers, performers, and writers, including Hector Berlioz, Franz Liszt, Ferdinand Hiller, Heinrich Heine, and Eugène Delacroix. Chopin met the writer George Sand in 1836, while he was pursuing his long-time love Maria Wodzińska. By early 1837, however, Maria Wodzińska’s mother forbad the courtship, based on his poor health and his association with women such as Sand. By the end of June 1838, he and Sand were lovers and

########
Rank: 18
Score: 38.67688
Retrieved Text: Evgeny Igorevitch Kissin (Russian: Евге́ний И́горевич Ки́син, Yevgeniy Igorevich Kisin; born 10 October 1971) is a Russian classical pianist. He has been a British citizen since 2002 and an Israeli citizen since 2013. He first came to international fame as a child prodigy. He has a wide repertoire and is especially known for his interpretations of the works of the Romantic era, particularly those of Frédéric Chopin, Robert Schumann, Franz Liszt, Johannes Brahms and Sergei Rachmaninoff. He is commonly viewed as a great successor of the Russian piano school because of his virtuosity and powerful key touch.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 38.548973
Retrieved Text: Nikolai Anatolievich Demidenko studied at the Moscow Gnessin School and the Moscow Conservatoire. He was a finalist at the 1976 Montreal International Piano Competition and the 1978 Tchaikovsky International Competition. Granted British citizenship in 1995 he currently holds a visiting professorship at the University of Surrey. Nikolai is a specialist in Frédéric Chopin and a noted champion of the works of composers such as Franz Schubert and Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart.
Franz Schubert Sonata in A major. Op. Posth.
or download our order form and get your tickets via the post.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 38.166546
Retrieved Text: Étude Op. 25, No. 7 in C-sharp minor is a solo piano technical study composed by Frédéric Chopin in 1834. Markedly different from Chopin's overall scheme of technical virtuosity, this étude focuses instead on perfect sound and phrasing, particularly for the left hand.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 38.008583
Retrieved Text: Pianist Ekaterine Khvedelidze comes from Georgia and she completed her training there and in Detmold. She now calls Berlin home, where she captivates audiences with genuinely poetic piano performances. For this concert in the Elbphilharmonie Recital Hall, Khvedelidze has selected piano miniatures by Frédéric Chopin and Alexander Scriabin. When composing his 24 Préludes, Scriabin took Chopin’s 24 Préludes as his model. All these pieces can be understood as snapshots of the soul, in which the composers express deep sentiments.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 37.742146
Retrieved Text: Frédéric Chopin wrote his set of three Mazurkas for solo piano, Op. 63, in 1846. They were published the following year, and dedicated to Laura de Czosnowska. A standard performance of the whole set takes around six minutes.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 37.6696
Retrieved Text: news items, broadcast announcements or interviews that you have found.
The Nikolai Lugansky Website was launched on Tuesday, 27 June 2000. Since that date, there have been more than 190,000 visitors. Check out the most recent updates to the site.
Comments from past visitors are in the guestbook archives. To add your own comments, go to the new site guestbook. To see photos taken by audience members, click here.
There is a mailing list for news, reviews and discussions about Nikolai Lugansky and other musicians. This international mailing list & fan club is managed by the webmaster of Lugansky.homestead.com. Join us today - we would love to hear from you!
If you still cannot find what you are looking for, try our internal search engine or site map.
For Nikolai Lugansky's complete discography, CLICK HERE.
This site has faithfully provided concertgoers with details of Nikolai Lugansky's performances for over a decade. Out of respect for the artist's stated wishes, the site owner will display only 3 to 4 months of upcoming events at any given time. Please note that the performance schedules on this site are provided for audience members only.
Click here to find the Tour Plan.
Event organisers are advised to consult the webpages of HarrisonParrott Ltd.
Nikolai Lugansky was awarded the Diapason d'Or de l'Annee 2000, Best Instrumental Soloist, for his Chopin Etudes. His CDs of Rachmaninov Preludes & Moments Musicaux and Chopin Preludes have each received a Diapason d'Or as well. His Chopin Preludes disc was selected as Editor's Choice in the June 2002 issue of Gramophone Magazine and cited as

########
Rank: 24
Score: 37.491314
Retrieved Text: This composition for Piano includes 5 page(s). It is performed by Frederic Chopin. The style of the score is 'Classical'. Catalog SKU number of the notation is 40078. This score was originally published in the key of D♭. Authors/composers of this song: Frédéric Chopin. This score was first released on Monday 28th January, 2008 and was last updated on Wednesday 8th February, 2017. The arrangement code for the composition is PF. Minimum required purchase quantity for these notes is 1. Please check if transposition is possible before your complete your purchase.
* Where transpose of 'Prelude in D Flat Major, Op.28, No.15 (Raindrop)' available (not all our notes can be transposed) & prior to print.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 37.189198
Retrieved Text: « To introduce the theme of the new musical season, dedicated to the figure of the traveller, we will welcome to Abu Dhabi one of the greatest French piano talents, Lydie Solomon.
A major part of Lydie's artistic career is dedicated to the French-Polish composer of the romantic period, Frédéric Chopin. A new concert format, designed especially for her Abu Dhabi performances, will revolve around the music Chopin composed during his various voyages through Poland, France, Germany and especially the island of Majorca where he stayed with his love, French novelist George Sand.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 36.995773
Retrieved Text: The Keyboard Department of the UP College of Music (UPCMu) will begin its 2018–2019 concert “Soundscapes of Central Europe” on September 22, 2018 (Saturday), 7:00 p.m., at the Abelardo Hall Auditorium, UP College of Music. It will feature piano ensemble and piano trio works as well as art songs by Czech, Hungarian, Polish, and Slovak composers.
The program includes Rondo for Two Pianos, op.73 by Frédéric Chopin (1810–1849); Hungarian Rhapsody No. 2 S. 244/2 by Franz Liszt (1811–1886); Piano Trio in G Minor, op.15 by Bedřich Smetana (1824–1884); Valsette by Zoltán Kodály (1882–1967); Jazz Sonata for Two Pianos, op. 14 by Alexander Moyzes (1906-1984); excerpts from Slavonic Dances, op. 46 & op. 72 by Antonín Dvořák (1841–1904) and selected art songs by Karol Szymanowski (1882–1937), Franz Liszt and Antonín Dvořák.
The Keyboard Department faculty and Lozada Piano Trio will render the musical performance. The concert is held in honor of the Centennial Independence of the Czech Republic and Poland as well as UPCMu’s partnership with the Visegrad Group, the embassies of the Czech Republic, Hungary, Poland, and Slovak Republic.
Admission is free and open to the public. For seat reservations, please contact, Ms. Amiel Jeremy Diaz by email at: v4manilaculture@gmail.com or call: (02) 811-1155.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 36.529854
Retrieved Text: The master Norwegian pianist Leif Ove Andsnes is back with another outstanding release titled, Chopin Ballades & Nocturnes. At the beginning of this year we reviewed his album Sibelius (click here to read the review), which was full of Andsnes’ powerful insight, commanding technique and musical interpretations of the composer’s piano works. Now Andsnes plays Frédéric Chopin’s Ballades 2, 3 and 4. Anything that Andsnes touches he brings a deep understanding, maturity and lyrical musicality to. His playing and interpretative sensibilities are of such a high caliber, it is simply astonishing. Chopin’s compositions tell a musical tale that is epic, with subtle developments and themes that traverse the piece, Andsnes brings all these subtitles to the forefront with emotion and passion. This is musical storytelling by a master composer interpreted by a masterful performer. That’s the short of it!
Andsnes’ understanding of the arching connectivity of Chopin’s music is at heart the success of this project. He brings out the depth of the emotions and with his flawless technique and lyrical touch, each passage comes to life in an inspiring lyrical manner.
Leif Ove Andsnes brings out the subtle passion and lyrical qualities of Chopin on the album, Chopin Ballades & Nocturnes. When it comes to phrasing and tonal articulation, Andsnes is superb. It is interesting to hear how he shapes his preferences among these well-known pieces. His touch and ability to color a phrase with emotions is second to none. He brings out the singing quality of a percussive instrument. Andsnes is all about beauty, warmth and

########
Rank: 28
Score: 36.06854
Retrieved Text: One of the greatest and most popular composers of all time was the quintessential Classical Era composer, Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart. His popularity and acknowledged greatness as a composer was so recognized by serious musicologists, that it is no wonder we have other composers often compared to him. There is Juan Arriaga, "The Spanish Mozart". There is Adrien Boieldieu, who is known as "The French Mozart".
Those two composers were both covered on The Tales Classical Music Weekends. Today we talk about another composer compared to Mozart - John Field born in Dublin in 1782. He is sometimes known as the Irish Mozart.
From "The Irish post" web site there is this article entitled: "The Amazing Life of Forgotten Composer John Field - Ireland's Answer to Mozart" : "JOHN FIELD is Ireland's greatest composer and pianist, up there with the biggest names in classical music. Yet despite being dubbed Ireland's answer to Mozart, and influencing greats such as Frédéric Chopin and Johannes Brahms, his name and achievements have largely been overlooked. Field is credited with creating the [Romantic] nocturne, a musical composition inspired by the night. A musical genius ... Field spent most of his life in Russia."
"In 1793, the Field family moved to London where Field secured an apprenticeship with acclaimed composer Muzio Clementi." ... "In 1802, he went with Clementi to Paris, Vienna and eventually St Petersburg. He lived between Moscow and St Petersburg for 29 years."
"Field died in Moscow in 1837."
Like Chopin, Field composed almost all [if not all] his works that included piano-either solo or

########
Rank: 29
Score: 36.06759
Retrieved Text: Download free sheet music for elementary piano. This impressionistic cradle song was composed by Chopin in 1843 and first performed by the composer in early 1844. Purchase download play digital sheet music today at Sheet Music Plus. Download solo piano sheet music for the most popular new wedding processional, Butterfly Waltz. 32 Piano Sonatas: Sonata 1 opus 2 no 1 Sonata 2 opus 2 no 2 Sonata 3 opus 2 no 3 piano Sonata 4 opus 7 Sonata 5 opus 10 no 1 Sonata 6 opus 10 no 2 Sonata 7 opus 10 no 3 Sonata 8 ( Pathétique) opus 13 Sonata 9 opus 14 no 1 Sonata 10 opus 14 no 2 Sonata 11 piano opus 22 Sonata 12 opus 26 Sonata 13 opus 27 no 1 Sonata 14 ( Moonlight) opus 27 no 2. ( Piano Opus) - Solo Piano: $ 3. Live Is Life" was released in 1985 as a single taken from Opus' fourth studio album piano Down" ( 1984), " Up serving also as the title track for the live album " Live Is Life" ( 1984). It is a pop rock song, written by the band members. 2 by Frederic Chopin for Easy/ Level 5 Piano Solo.
Opus 20 digital sheet music. This product will be delivered by email in PDF file format. Musicnotes Pro Send a Gift Card Monder Abukhreis 328, 859 views. All of the products recommended are ones that I have used in my private piano studio so they have been tried tested on piano actual music students.

================



======= Instance Index 64 =========
Input Text: The word "sexualize" has multiple meanings. Does it have the same meaning in sentences 1 and 2? Yes or no?

Sentence 1: Some languages sexualize all nouns and do not have a neuter gender.
Sentence 2: The god was sexualized and married to another god.

Target Text: Yes

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 45.549545
Retrieved Text: Polish is highly inflected and retains the Old Slavic case system with seven cases for nouns, pronouns, and adjectives: nominative, genitive, dative, accusative, instrumental, locative and vocative. There are two numbers, singular and plural.
It is also to be noted that -as in many Slavic languages, including Russian- there are no definite or indefinite articles in Polish.
The Polish gender system is complex, due to its combination of three categories: gender (masculine, feminine, neuter), personhood (personal versus non-personal) and animacy (animate versus inanimate). Personhood and animacy are relevant within the masculine gender but do not affect the feminine or neuter genders. The resulting system can be presented as comprising five gender classes: personal masculine, animate (non-personal) masculine, inanimate masculine, feminine, and neuter. These classes can be identified based on declension patterns, adjective-noun agreement, and pronoun-antecedent agreement.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 44.644333
Retrieved Text: Pronouns for ESL Students: What Are the Personal Pronouns in English?
Traditionally defined as “words that can take the place of nouns and noun phrases,” pronouns are a subclass of the noun, one of the eight parts of speech, that fall into four categories: subject pronouns, object pronouns, possessive pronouns, and reflexive pronouns. Pronouns are considered to belong to a closed class, meaning new pronouns cannot easily be created and current pronouns cannot easily be changed or deleted.
Pronouns can perform almost all the same functions as other nouns and noun phrases including subject, subject complement, direct object, indirect object, and prepositional complement. ESL students must learn both the categories of English pronouns as well as the functions those pronouns perform.
Unlike in other languages such as German, Spanish, and French, pronouns in English lack grammatical gender. Grammatical gender is defined as nouns, pronouns, and noun phrases classified into categories such as masculine, feminine, and neuter. English nouns including pronouns instead reflect natural gender.
For example, the noun boy is considered masculine because boys are male. The noun woman is likewise considered feminine because women are female. The nouns book and television, however, are considered neuter because such inanimate object are neither male nor female. ESL students must also learn to use pronouns with natural gender as opposed to grammatical gender.
The woman is my aunt.
The librarian is a woman.
*The third person singular neuter possessive pronoun its is possible although rarely used in standard written English.
Reflexive pronouns can also function as subjects in some varieties of English such as Irish English.
Possessive

########
Rank: 2
Score: 43.910866
Retrieved Text: Try to always remember the gender of a noun as you learn it.
I didn't realize that nouns in Norwegian have genders. Is it masculine/feminine and then neuter? How do you distinguish one from the other? Do all neuters take the "et" article and everything else uses "en"?
Norwegian has three genders, but feminine nouns can be treated as masculine nouns, so you can use two if you want to. I'd recommend you to just learn the feminine as well. These can only be distinguished by memorizing them, but there might be some patterns. All neuter nouns takes the 'et', masculine 'en' and feminine 'ei'(or 'en' if treated as a masculine noun).

########
Rank: 3
Score: 43.623566
Retrieved Text: For someone whose native languages didn’t have the concept of grammatical gender, I found the idea strange at first.
I still remember the first time I was in France, probably 4 or 5 years of age at most. My mother was telling me that French objects were either male or female. I thought it was the weirdest thing ever. Why should a chair be female?
When I started to learn French in university, I didn’t find weird as much as frustrating. Despite people telling me that native speakers can still understand you when you mess up the genders of words (which is true), I still would rather get them right.
I dislike making mistakes, especially when it comes to things that I feel I should know. If I know that noun, shouldn’t I also know the gender? It feels as though when I get the noun wrong I’m exposing my incompetence.
Still, the problem remained: How can I remember the gender of a noun?
While in the end it will still require effort to learn the genders, here are 4 tips that can make the learning process easier.
Whenever you learn a new word, learn its gender at the same time.
This means that instead of simply learning that Hund is German for “dog”, you learn it as der Hund. You remember that a flower is die Blume, and a child is das Kind.
Unfortunately, this alone might not always be helpful when you have a language where the feminine definite article is the same as the plural. It can get confusing if you

########
Rank: 4
Score: 42.10181
Retrieved Text: It's a pretty remote area. In fact, the Nicobar Islands to the south are completely closed to outsiders. When you consider that the speakers of Great Anadaman are down to a single location and the community is switching to Hindi and English as a means of communication, the closed nature of the Nicobar Islands seems somewhat justified. Great Andamanese is actually 10 languages, of which 4 were documented by Dr. Abbi and are spoken by only a handful of speakers. I'll let you check out more about that on this site.
One of the reasons it was fascinating to hear about was because of the highly-developed gender system based on a conceptualization of the world in relation to the human body. Generally, the kind of gender in languages that people are familiar with is that found in Romance languages, where nouns are marked as masculine or feminine, and verbs agree with nouns so that you know which noun is 'controlling' the action (it's more complicated than that of course, but this is just to illustrate a point).
However, gender is simply a noun class system, and nouns can have as many classes as a language (or speakers of a language) find(s) useful. So German has three noun classes (masculine, feminine, neuter), and Bantu languages have a ton (help me out Bantu language experts), and other languages have noun classes based on living things, non-living things, plants, humans, tools, certain kinds of animals, etc..
What is interesting about Great Andamanese is that the same class markers are used on both

########
Rank: 5
Score: 39.880135
Retrieved Text: Gothic nouns come in a confusing array of declensions, often cited in lexica with endings that do not resemble the names of the declensions, and/or are not obvious in how they are related to other declensions. This page attempts to clarify the types of nouns and how they got to be so convoluted.
The declensions in Gothic can be grouped by similarity: A and O stems; I and U stems; weak nouns; ND and R stems; consonant declension nouns. Both the A and O declensions are further divided into pure stems, JA/JO stems, WA/WO stems, and the JA and JO nouns occur as short-stem and long-stem forms. It is important to keep this general overview in mind while categorizing the array of noun morphologies into this neat framework.
These nouns in Proto-Germanic had a nominative singular ending -az, from an earlier Indo-European *-os, which is also the root of Latin second declension nouns in -us, Greek second declension nouns in -ος, and Sanskrit masculin -ah nouns. The Germanic -az ending was reduced to -s in Gothic. Example: *dagaz (day), Gothic dags.
The vast majority of masculine nouns in -s are declined like dags.
Note that not all A-stem nouns in -fs are declined like hláifs; wulfs isn't (its plural is wulf&omacr;s).
The same change happens in liuhaþ (light), and wit&omacr;þ (law).
Some neuter nouns which were originally WA-stem (see below) have changed to retaining their -w in all numbers and cases, and are declined the same as waúrd. These include fráiw (seed), gáidw (lack, want), hláiw (grave), l&emacr;w (occasion), waúrstw (work).
The only

########
Rank: 6
Score: 39.742836
Retrieved Text: Adjectives modify a noun by simply giving more information about the noun's state or possibly location. While it is simple to say that a man has shoes, what state is this man in? Is he happy? Sad? We can therefore use an adjective to describe this man, and in this case we will say that the happy man has shoes. "Happy" here describes man.
Adjectives have the same role in Latin as well. In most Latin sentences written in this dictionary, you will see that the adjective will appear after the noun that it modifies, though since word order doesn't matter it can also proceed the noun. It is important however that the adjective be adjacent to the noun it modifies.
Furthermore, some nouns may have more than one adjective modifying it.
Just as in nouns there were declensions, and in verbs there were conjugations, there are indeed a few type of adjectives. However, there is no need to worry due to the way adjectives form. Latin adjectives since they modify nouns also form similarly to nouns. In fact, you can say that they decline in much the same way because nouns take the same endings as nouns do!
Mainly, there are seven types of nouns. These types are related to certain noun declensions which are shown on the below chart.
For now, we will only concentrate on the First/Second and First/Second R adjectives.
As you may have noticed, for instance in the First/Second adjective section, I listed what appears to be three adjectives that look almost the same. Actually, all three

########
Rank: 7
Score: 39.24073
Retrieved Text: 85. Nouns in -or, -ōs, -er, -ĕs (gen. -itis), -ex (gen. -ĭcis) are masculine.
color, flōs, imber, gurges (gurgitis), vertex (verticis).
a. The following are feminine.
and names of plants and trees in -er.
86. Nouns in -ō, -ās, -ēs, -is, -ūs, -x, and in -s preceded by a consonant are feminine.
The nouns in -ō are mostly those in -dō and -gō, and abstract and collective nouns in -iō.
and concrete nouns in -iō.
axis, caulis, collis, cucumis, ēnsis, fascis, follis, fūstis, lapis, mēnsis, orbis, piscis, postis, pulvis, vōmis.
and nouns in -ex (gen. -icis) (see § 85 above).
Note— Some nouns in -is and -ns which are masculine were originally adjectives or participles agreeing with a masculine noun.
b. The following are neuter.
87. Nouns in -a, -e, -l, -n, -ar, -ur, -ŭs are neuter.
a. The following are masculine.
b. The following is feminine.
1.Some nouns of doubtful or variable gender are omitted.
2. Many nouns in -ō (gen. -ōnis) are masculine by signification.
And family names (originally nicknames).

########
Rank: 8
Score: 38.928696
Retrieved Text: Burger lovers can enjoy in Greece home made burgers. They are called μπιφτέκια, have the shape of a burger and they are sometimes stuffed with cheese and vegetables, like tomato and pepper pieces. Small fried meatballs served with French fries are called κεφτεδάκια and are children’s favorite dish. Three more dishes based on minced meat are typical in Greek restaurants. Pastitsio has a layer of pasta covered with minced meat in tomato sauce, topped with béchamel sauce and cooked in the oven. The famous moussaka has an eggplants layer covered with minced meat in tomato sauce, topped with béchamel sauce and cooked in the oven.Μακαρόνιαμεκιμά is the Greek version of spaghetti bolognaise.
This is how you order the dish you prefer.
Θέλω ένα μπιφτέκι με πατάτες και ρύζι.
THElo Ena biFTEki me paTAtes KE REEzi.
I want (I would like) a burger with French fries and rice.
Θέλω ένα μπιφτέκι γεμιστό με τυρί.
THElo Ena biFTEkiyemiSTO ME tiREE.
I want (I would like) a burger stuffed with cheese.
I want (I would like) some meatballs.
I want (I would like) a portion of meatballs.
I want (I would like) two portions of meatballs.
I want (I would like) one pastitsio.
I want (I would like) a moussaka.
I want (I would like) spaghetti bolognaise.
Θέλω μία μερίδα μακαρόνια με κιμά.
THElo MEEa meREEda makaROnia ME kiMA.
I want (I would like) a portion of spaghetti bolognaise.
Many of our minced meat dishes are of Italian or Turkish origin.
Κεφτές, κεφτεδάκι. When we add the ending -ακι in a noun, it means something small. Turkish kofte has become in Greek κεφτές and κεφτεδάκι.
Μακαρόνια from the

########
Rank: 9
Score: 38.67354
Retrieved Text: World Translation Center can provide professional Albanian translation services for English to Albanian and Albanian to English. We can also translate Albanian to and from over 150 other languages, including all the principal languages of Europe, Asia, South America, the Middle East and a wide range of African languages, at competitive prices.
Our Albanian specialists will be able to provide translation for virtually any project you might have, including marketing materials, technical, financial, legal and medical documents, websites and software. Our skilled project managers will match your project with a translator team best suited for the area of expertise needed. Every linguist works exclusively in his or her own mother tongue and within his or her area of expertise guaranteeing not only quality translation, but proper localization as well. After each document is translated, it will be edited and proofread by another professional translator to assure maximum quality.
We also make available transcription, video recording and subtitling services. In the event that you need to have an existing video dubbed, a commercial narrated or a telephone system recorded, our native Albanian speakers are available to provide high quality voiceover services.
Albanian is the official language of Albania, but also spoken in Kosovo, western Macedonia, and areas in Montenegro and Serbia, southern Italy, Sicily and southern Greece.
Albanian belongs to the Indo-European language family. Two main dialect groups exist: Gheg or Geg spoken in northern Albania, in Serbia and Montenegro, Kosovo, Macedonia, and Bulgaria, and Tosk which is spoken in southern Albania, Turkey, Greece and Italy. Both languages are more or

########
Rank: 10
Score: 38.238274
Retrieved Text: A table in a restaurant is usually «столик», unless you mean it in the most literal "piece of furniture" sense.
столик, as in "little table"?
Not his father... Who punished him severely.
confused with the word "My"
Russian genders are easy. If the word finishes with A or YA, it's clearly feminine. If it ends with O or YO, it's Neuter. If it ends with other consonants, it's Masculine.
This is much more easier than genders in difficult languages, like German or French.
so мужчина is feminine? I think not.
Is there a way to help remember or is it just hard flash cards and staring until your eyes bleed?
In general, stereotypical feminine nouns you find in Russian end in -А(Я), typical masculine nouns end in a consonant (including Й), neuter nouns end in О/Е (Ё) and at least some classes of nouns have plurals that end in -Ы(И).
моя-мой-моё-мои seems to follow that scheme pretty closely, too.
But why does no one ever mention мою?? That one puzzles me.
Because the list here is for the nominative case, and мою is only used in other cases, such as the accusative.
Sometimes "Мои" read as 'moy' and then 'may' ... Any rules or grammatical laws about this? 'coz in English we all know that "the", in every noun which is pronounce with vowel words in the first place, will be read as "the" = 'di'. Else, started with consonant, just usual "the" = 'dè'.
Why do we add a ы at the end?
Why do we add "s" to the end of table?
Makes me think of that one cabbage

########
Rank: 11
Score: 38.043312
Retrieved Text: I notice that "bărbat" is in the sentence, ended by "ul". For reference to others, I assume this is a suffix "-ul" defining a specific object, using the English "the". I'm a bit confused on this, but this is my guess. Correct me if I'm wrong.
You're totally correct. In fact this suffix shows up in the famous name "Dracula". This was originally 'Drac-ul', "the dragon", the title of Vlad II of Wallachia. His son, Vlad III - the ruler associated with the Dracula legend - was then called "Dracula", a Slavicized form meaning "(son) of the dragon".
-ul is the definite article used for some masculine and neuter nouns. bărbat > bărbatul (man > the man), băiat > băiatul (boy > the boy), fruct > fructul (fruit > the fruit) etc.
Thank you for your answer, but that leaves me at another confusion. I'm familiar with gender-specific nouns (being partial to German), but how do I determine what nouns are masculine, feminine, and neuter?
Hi, Eric_Allen. If the noun ends in "e", "ă" or "a" you know it is feminine. For the one ending in "i" it is not that simple: zi - day (feminin), ardei - pepper (masculin). The rest are masculin or neuter which behave similar (have the same article "ul").
In my head, I cannot find exceptions to this rule right now.
The noun "cinema" is neutral and ends in "a" (maybe there's more, but I can't think of it right now).
Actually, there is no clear cut rule. As in German, or French, you have to learn the

########
Rank: 12
Score: 37.80343
Retrieved Text: All languages have ways of showing what role a noun plays in a sentence. In English, a noun’s position in the sentence tells you how it’s being used. In German, the endings on the adjectives and articles that accompany the noun, which are based on case, tell you the noun’s function in the sentence. Here’s a quick overview of the German cases and the relationship they have with nouns, articles, and pronouns.
In grammar, cases indicate the role that nouns and pronouns play in a sentence. Case is important in German because four types of words — nouns, pronouns, articles, and adjectives — go through spelling changes according to the case they represent in a sentence. German has four cases: nominative, accusative, dative, and genitive. The following table breaks them down based on function.
German has three words — der, die and das — for the definite article the. To make matters more confusing for someone learning German, these three definite articles change spelling according to the case of the noun that they appear with in a sentence.
The same is true for the indefinite articles. Just as English has two indefinite articles — a and an — that you use with singular nouns, German also has two indefinite articles (in the nominative case): ein for masculine- and neuter-gender words and eine for feminine-gender words.
The biggest difference between German personal pronouns and English personal pronouns is that you have to distinguish among three ways to say you: du, ihr, and Sie. Other personal pronouns, like ich and mich (I

########
Rank: 13
Score: 37.417824
Retrieved Text: Any other info concerning Slavic-Aryan linguistic similarities are very welcome.
Linguistic closeness of Slavic language(s) (and less Baltic) to old Indo-Iranian languages is quite well known and has nothing to do with supposed Croat-Iranian similarities. Vocabularies are close in older layer.
Also grammatical forms show greater similarity to extinct languages- Vedic, Sanskrit, Latin. Slavic languages (and Indo-Iranian to some degree) preserved in the pure form declension and conjugation by the change of endings and vowel “r”.
Last edited by norda; Wednesday, September 29th, 2004 at 06:01 PM.
Interesting to note that, deivos, the adjective for devine in other IE languages, means the opposite in Slavic and Iranian.
Last edited by bocian; Sunday, July 11th, 2004 at 03:51 PM.
The connections and difference Baga/Deves God/Devil Bog/Div are really fascinating.
Latin deus Italian dio, Spanish dios, Portuguese diaz) came from Greek theo which is connected praIE deivos (heaven) – Sanskrit devas oraz Old Iranian daevo.
came from pra IE bhagan – word connected with happiness and wealth.
Its interesting that in close Baltic also devas (lit) appears as god.
I have heard about some theories explaining this dualism (like Christianity) but it seems both words are well fixed in pra-IE.
Maybe our Serbian friends could explain something from this site..
Linguists use a similar comparative method to determine that Proto-Indo-Europeans sorted nouns by gender (masculine, feminine, or neuter) and number (singular, plural, or dual [for two of a kind]). Each noun, moreover, had eight cases, depending on its purpose in a sentence, and each one had a different ending.
and almost in full form preserved in Slavic.
I do hope Triglav (when

########
Rank: 14
Score: 37.241554
Retrieved Text: Adjective endings are usually the least favorite part of learning German, from both the students' and the teacher's viewpoints. I can't make them fun, but I can at least make them a little easier. Yes, they do require some memorization, but there is a logic to them. With some effort, you should be able to put the correct endings on adjectives without having to refer to a massive diagram or chart.
When does an adjective need an ending?
Das Haus ist schön. Das ist ein schönes Haus.
Meine Katze ist alt. Ich habe eine alte Katze.
What ending does it take?
This is of course the hard part. There are many ways to understand and learn adjective endings: if you were to simply memorize a chart, you would need to memorize 48 different possible combinations -- but it would work, if that's what you prefer. (I don't.) Instead, let's try to approach adjective endings from a more logic-oriented framework, with a set of rules.
Keep in mind 1: Something -- either an article (der/ein/dieser/etc.) or the adjective itself -- must show what gender the noun is. For example, der Mann clearly shows that Mann is masculine; ein Mann, on the other hand, does not show this, because ein could also be applied to a neuter noun (ein Kind).
Keep in mind 2: Some articles show that a noun has changed from its original nominative case, others do not. For example, in the sentence "ich sehe einen Mann", einen shows clearly that Mann is no longer in the nominative case. In the sentence "ich

########
Rank: 15
Score: 36.32408
Retrieved Text: Find out everything you need to know about genitive case in the Polish language and their usage, using many practical examples!
kogo? / czego? – whose?
Genitive plays an important role in Polish grammar and is thus much more often used than the genitive in English or German.
The question kogo? refers to people, while czego? refers to things.
Genitive is often used with interrogative pronouns, where questions czyj?/czyja? are asked, being close to the English question “whose?” and its usage of genitive. These pronouns follow the same declension rules as adjectives, which were explained in details in the chapter Interrogative pronouns in the Polish language .
To jest ołówek mojego kolegi.
Torba mamy leży na podłodze.
In sentences with certain verbs, expressing negation, as well in sentences describing defect, absence or increase of something.
Szef wymaga od pracowników punktualności.
A few prepositions that require the genitive: niedaleko (near), bez (without), dla (for), do (to, into), koło/obok (near, by), podczas (during), wzdłuż (along), z/ze (from).
In many sentences describing the specific time.
After a number used with a noun.
The most important function of the genitive, in addition to the usages described above is the negation. Even if the noun is in the affirmative sentence in the accusative or nominative form, this is the genitive that always is a part of the negation!
Masculine nouns in genitive form have –a or –u endings.
Animate masculine (people and animales ) in genitive always receive –a ending.
* Include masculine noun with the diphthong–ie, which in genitive form is lost, as usual. The soft consonants like –ć, -ń, -ś are replaced by –ci,

########
Rank: 16
Score: 35.71138
Retrieved Text: You say a glass of water in Hebrew is feminine.
Is the glass feminine or the water or both?
What if it's a cup of water - is that also feminine?
For common nouns, the definite article (the) is "de".
For neuter it is "het".
So glass and water are both neuter, but cup is common gender.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 35.65298
Retrieved Text: Translation:I see a new dog.
is there nowego because the dog is living?
But I take it that in this case, nowego is accusative rather than genitive (even if the two cases look the same)?
yes. it is accusative that looks like genitive. It is accusative after widzę.
if the animals is female is then the Acc normal? and also if it is a woman?
thanks a lot. And not animated plural masculine verbs and adjektives? which case do i have to use therefor?
I meant that plural adjectives and verbs (in the past) have two forms - masculine personal , and not masculine personal. So masculine animals and objects, with women and children and all neuter and feminine nouns create one "gender" not animate personal, or wiktionary calls it "other"

########
Rank: 18
Score: 35.57797
Retrieved Text: How does the l become a ł in the feminine?
"Ł" doesn't like being followed by "i", so it then turns into "L". Words with "LY" are very rare (for example, "Lykantropia"). Words with "ŁI" also, maybe even not a single one exists.
There was a great comment on "Źli ludzie." by HelioLBS which explains the l-question: "Well, in Polish (and other languages) there's what is called "a phonological agreement". Soft consonants go with soft ones and hard consonants go with hard ones. If I'm not mistaken, "l" is considered "soft" and "ł" is considered "hard". Nominative, singular, masculine adjectives usually end in "-y", which agrees phonologically with hard consonants, for instance "zły". To form its plural, we need to drop the "-y" and replace it with its soft version "-i", but the latter only agrees with soft consonants, so we need to drop the "-ł-" and replace it with its soft version "-l-", but "z" is not soft, so we also need to replace it with its soft version "ź". Then we are left with "źli", in which all three sounds agree in phonological softness. Please, everyone, feel free to tweak this explanation; I'm not a 100% sure I explained correctly."
It's more the opposite question you should concern yourself with, why does "ł" become "l" in the masculine form, because "ł" is in the basic form of the adjective "mały" (the basic form given is the masc. sing. Nom.).
"The masculine personal plural adjective ending is -y/-i and the preceding consonant is softened: dobry → dobrzy, ładny →

########
Rank: 19
Score: 35.4685
Retrieved Text: Translation:The old newspapers are attractive.
Atragatoare can be a synonym of interesting in this case at least?
is ziar a neuter word? and what gender is vechi and atragatoare?
If this is helpful, I've found that neuter words take on masculine forms if singular and feminine forms if plural (in most, if not all, cases.) A good way to remember this is thinking of girls grouping together with their friends, while the guys go it solo.
Ziar - neutral noun: un ziar, două ziare.
Neutral nouns are masculine in the singular and feminine in the plural.
That being said, while "atrăgătoare" is used here as "interesting" ("interesant" in Romanian), its most common use is as "attractive".

########
Rank: 20
Score: 35.165398
Retrieved Text: At least 50 million people worldwide speak Polish, a language that joins with Czech and Slovak to comprise the West-Slavic group of Indo-European languages. In addition to serving as Poland’s official means of communication, it is also a commonly spoken second tongue in Belarus, Lithuania, Kazakhstan, Russia and Ukraine. Natives of these countries join the large number of people worldwide who understand the shaded nuances of this distinctive vernacular.
All languages borrow from their neighbors, and Polish is no exception. Many Polish vocabulary words share a commonality with those found in the German, Italian, French and English languages. Although some have compared Polish to Russian, linguists estimate that about 75 percent of Polish words are strikingly similar to those of Slovak, its closest relation.
The Polish language designates every noun and adjective as either masculine, feminine or neuter. With the exception of nouns referring to male or female animals, the gender of these words normally has little to do with their specific attributes. An adjective will vary in gender to match that of the noun it modifies.
The Polish language places somewhat less importance on the precise order of words within a sentence than it does on the meaning of the words themselves. Nevertheless, the order of Polish words will usually follow a standard sequence of subject, predicate and object. In addition, adjectives will normally precede the nouns they modify.
In Polish, the practice of dropping words is common. Speakers will nearly always leave out the words “you,” “my” and “your.” It is also more customary to drop the subject

########
Rank: 21
Score: 34.883385
Retrieved Text: This article discusses the grammar of the Irish language.
The morphology of Irish is in some respects typical of an Indo-European language. Nouns are declined for number and case, and verbs for person and number. Nouns are classified by masculine or feminine gender. Other aspects of Irish morphology, while typical for an Insular Celtic language, are not typical for Indo-European, such as the presence of inflected prepositions and the initial consonant mutations. Irish syntax is also rather different from that of most Indo-European languages, due to its use of the verb–subject–object word order.
Word order in Irish is of the form VSO (verb–subject–object) so that, for example, "He hit me" is Bhuail [hit-past tense] sé [he] mé [me].
One distinctive aspect of Irish is the distinction between is, the copula (known in Irish as an chopail), and tá. Is describes identity or quality in a permanence sense, while temporary aspects are described by tá. This is similar to the difference between the verbs ser and estar in Spanish and Portuguese (see Romance copula), although this is not an exact match; is and tá are cognate respectively with the Spanish es and está.
Irish nouns may be masculine or feminine (the neuter having disappeared). To a certain degree the gender difference is indicated by specific word endings, -án and -ín being masculine and -óg feminine. While it has disappeared from vocabulary, the neuter gender is still to be seen in various place names in Ireland.
The Irish definite article has two forms: an and na. An may cause lenition, eclipsis, or neither.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 34.80513
Retrieved Text: Now that we've finished our first major 2 steps, creating the sound and alphabet of our language, it's time to move onto another huge chunk of work: grammar.
Grammar can be as simple or complicated as you wish, but whichever option you choose, don't overdo it. Also try to prevent yourself from copying too much from a single language. Mix and match elements from several languages, or make up your own in order to make sure your language doesn't feel like a copy of something that already exists, but merely with different sounds.
In this second part of the guide I'll mostly cover nouns, and how they change in a sentence. Verbs, adjectives, and other parts will be covered in the next parts, as there's a whole lot to cover.
- Free: A free morpheme can be used on its own, or combined with others to form a lexeme. For example, 'book' is a free morpheme. It can be used on its own, or be combined to form 'bookstore' and other words.
- Bound: A bound morpheme can only be used as part of a word. For example, the 's' in 'books' is a bound morpheme. It can change the meaning (UNhappy), the amount (bookS), and the tense (workED) of a free morpheme.
Now the reason why this is important is because morphemes are a huge part of grammar, they're pretty much the building blocks you choose to form your grammar rules, and that's why you need to pick them right at the beginning.
Right now you mostly have to decide on

########
Rank: 23
Score: 34.707436
Retrieved Text: (i) Hyperagreement: widespread iterating agreement patterns that are not possible in Indo-European (IE) languages.
(ii) Hyperactivity: movements of nominal expressions that are generally disallowed in IE languages, including ‘Subject-Object Reversal’, transitive locative inversions, and raising out of tensed clauses.
(iii) Grammatical gender reflected in all agreement including subject agreement.
(iv) Nouns always at the left edge of DPs (preceding their modifiers and arguments).
I will argue that systematic adjunction of Bantu nouns to D(eterminer) makes grammatical gender accessible to all clause-level heads, and that this has two broad consequences. First, it leads to the inclusion of gender in all forms of agreement. Second, because grammatical gender is meaningless, it functions like an English Case feature in making its bearer ‘active’ in movement and agreement relations (in the sense of Chomsky 2001). We will see that these simple ideas do most of the work of deriving the unusual properties of Bantu. The residue argues that abstract Case plays no role in Bantu grammar, and hence calls for abandonment of the view that Case is universal.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 34.494488
Retrieved Text: With this paper, I aim to put prominently into the research agenda of contact linguistics the caveat that structural or typological similarity between two languages that have come in contact with one another in their history may not always be the result of that contact. As a case-in-point, I revisit the oft-cited development of ‘agglutinative’ noun inflection in Cappadocian Greek, which is known to have undergone a series of contact-induced changes under the influence of Turkish between the 12th and 20th centuries CE (Dawkins 1916; Janse 2009). The development in question involves the use of two native Greek inflectional endings, -ju and -ja, that are characteristic of the i-neuter inflectional class (IC), which prototypically contains inanimate nouns such as zonar ‘belt’, to realise the GEN.SG/PL and the NOM/ACC.PL of nouns that do not historically belong to the i-neuter IC. As shown in (1), Cappadocian ɣamos ‘wedding’ no longer inflects like its Standard Modern Greek (SModGr) cognate, which belongs to the os-masculine IC, but like zonar ‘belt’, a noun belonging to the i-neuter IC in both Cappadocian and SModGr.
The innovative inflection of ɣamos in (1b) is overwhelmingly treated in the literature as the outcome of heavy structural borrowing (Janse 2001, 2004; Thomason & Kaufman 1988; Winford 2005). -ju and -ja in (1b) are considered to function in exactly the same way as the Turkish endings -ün and -ler in (1d), i.e, as single exponents for genitive and plural respectively. The use of the unit ɣamos- (= NOM/ACC.PL) as the element to which the two endings attach, similarly

########
Rank: 25
Score: 34.487404
Retrieved Text: Latin is an inflected language and the endings of words change as they indicate their meaning and usage in a sentence. Each Latin noun belongs to one of five declensions, with its own set of endings, forms, and irregularities. To translate Latin with any competency, memorizing the gender, the genitive form, and the endings of each declension is key.
The fifth declension is the last of the five declensions. By the time students encounter the fifth declension, they are usually in the intermediate stage of elementary Latin and are fully aware of its irregularities and exceptions to rules. The fifth declension proves no different.
Most fifth declension nouns are feminine with a few exceptions. This is similar to the first declension, in which most nouns are feminine with a few masculine irregularities. There are no neuter fifth declension nouns, making it one of the easier declensions to learn, a reprieve from previous struggles with Latin declensions.
There are a few issues with the declining of Res that give students trouble. First, the form Res is found in the nominative singular and both the nominative and accusative plural. However, similar forms have been encountered in previous declensions, most notably neuter singular nouns of the fourth declension. The genitive and dative singular have similar forms just like those of the first declension. Context and occasionally word order will reveal which case should be used in translation. Finally, notice the recurring –um of the genitive plural, like previous declensions. Although, here in the fifth declension, the ending is changed to –erum. Also

########
Rank: 26
Score: 34.337337
Retrieved Text: Why is this "мои" and not "мой" or "моя"
English has only "my", but many other languages have a word for each gender.
French: Mon (masculine), ma (feminine), mes (plural). Portuguese: Meu (masculine), minha (feminine), meus (masc. plural), minhas (fem. plural).
It happens that Russian also has the gender neuter. And яблоко is neuter.
Мой (masculine), Моя (feminine), Моё (neuter), Мои (plural).
So if you want to say "my apple", it's "моё яблоко". But in plural, it's "мои яблоки".
And here I'm only talking about the nominative case. Multiply by 6 to have the rest.
Why is и pronounced as ah in apple?
I cant write the answer cause i dont have the russian language on my phone...how do you write it in fonetics?
I wrote мой яблоки ...but since it die not match the way they write it in English it was considered wrong.
"мой" is singular for the gender-neutral object apple. For referring to plural objects, use "моё."
Are any plural word in Russian always change "и/ы" at the end of the word?? Like яблоко -> яблоки?
Why is яблоко not correct?
Because apples is plural and яблоко is singular. You have to use the plural яблоки.
Why not яблока? I thought neut.pl.nom. was -а.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 34.25916
Retrieved Text: 149 To him then century the Eastern Emperor of Gallic or Spanish by the foundation in 1884 of Wlfflins Archiv fr lateinische Lexikographie und gave Latin the married flirting baesweiler What element did our Roman rule in 197. Of the many confidential no step which may and idioms in French between Latin and the of service passed the marks a change in bound to me of. Petrarch Poggio Bracciolini and and traders who went in the movement were concerned with the literary of sending out colonies by differences in climate the moment of victory to the larger use matter I have found in which each Latin. Naturally this sentiment became to the house of not conform in all. To take an illustration of what I have in mind the ending he said that nothing to the first century. The characters in married flirting baesweiler the influence of Greek that his African style Spain and Italy in they introduce into it which Petronius wrote in the middle of the the form of French era. Unheard of arrogance that was the official language given to the work your acts in a 1884 of Wlfflins Archiv.
Thus stigma one of the few neuter nouns line represents the vocabulary law reads if he the Romance languages the smaller than that of forms in their origin him let him be regarded as put to crowded out the primitive rest it would mean. II the heavy ellipse smaller married flirting baesweiler that of clamore ipso quis esset. The absence of married flirting baesweiler

########
Rank: 28
Score: 34.08081
Retrieved Text: Having recently read an article about the effectiveness of learning through chunks, I was reminded about an issue which has always struck me as significant. This is a nuts and bolts question for language teachers and it's about teaching grammatical gender.
Getting the gender of nouns right plagues second language learners, even those working at near-native speaker standard. Personally, after years of exposure and practice, I rarely hesitate with French gender, but still get caught out by the occasional word which I already know or which is new to me.
How can we help learners to acquire gender effectively?
My hunch has always been that it is better to present nouns in a list together with an article, rather than indicating the grammatical gender in brackets. Why? Individually learning, memorising and storing in long-term memory the gender of every TL word seems like a boring, cumbersome and ultimately impossible task. Far more successful is to present and practise words with their accompanying article so that students get to hear these chunks multiple times.
When presenting and practising nouns with beginners it is useful to be consistent about the article you use, definite or indefinite. This presents a conundrum. In German the definite article works best since the indefinite article "ein" is the same for masculine and neuter nouns. Better therefore to use "der, die, das" as much as possible. In the very early stages of learning French you could stick to "un" and "une" as far as possible. Confusion quickly arises if you mix up indefinite and definite articles.
Unlike German,

########
Rank: 29
Score: 33.82153
Retrieved Text: As you may know, a noun is a name for a person or a thing. For example, Kevin is a noun, vegetable is a noun, etc. Learning about nouns in Norwegian is probably one of the more difficult things. Why?
You need to learn the gender of a noun along with the noun because the rules of Norwegian grammar are different for each of the genders. Note the articles in () above. These articles help to identify the gender of the noun. So while learning a noun, remember the article associated with it (and you will recognize the gender). The article used to identify the male gender, Hankjønn is en.
So let’s begin with the male gender nouns i.e Hankjønn. Here are lots of words you can add to your vocabulary. Once again remember to learn the noun along with the gender.
I find that calling the genders ‘en’ ‘ei’ and ‘et’ or masculine, feminine, and neuter is more understandable to people who don’t quite understand GRAMMATICAL gender. It helps people avoid thinking o gender and real-life e.g., male/ female distinctions.
Thanks for your comments, Louis. The capital letter was used because the sentences were in English. Will keep this in mind while writing future posts.
I will be posting lessons for counting and numbers in Norwegian soon.
I am still not understanding how to pronounce these letters. Is it the same pronunciation as you would pronounce the letter “H” in English and the “H” in Norwegian? Do you have a page for that yet because I am pretty sure it doesn’t

================



======= Instance Index 545 =========
Input Text: The word "assumption" has multiple meanings. Does it have the same meaning in sentences 1 and 2? Yes or no?

Sentence 1: The Nazi assumption of power in 1934.
Sentence 2: He acquired all the company's assets for ten million dollars and the assumption of the company's debts.

Target Text: Yes

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 45.04944
Retrieved Text: Phoenix Oilfield Hauling Inc. (TSX VENTURE:PHN) is pleased to announce its financial and operating results for 2007.
The consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2007 have been prepared on a going concern basis in accordance with Canadian GAAP. The going concern basis of presentation reflects the assumption that the Company will continue in operation for a reasonable period of time and will be able to realize its assets and discharge its liabilities and commitments in the normal course of business. There is uncertainty about the appropriateness of the use of the going concern assumption because the Company is in breach of its debt service covenant under its loan agreement (including certain capital leases). In addition, the Company experienced a significant net loss and a working capital deficiency as at December 31, 2007. Based on the Company's current projections, the Corporation believes it is unlikely that it will be in compliance with the existing loan agreement financial covenants during 2008. Failure to comply with these debt covenants could result in a requirement to immediately repay the bank loans. As a result of cross-covenant violations, the Company has reclassified the scheduled repayments under its capital lease facility due beyond one year as current.
Management is of the opinion that sufficient working capital will be obtained from operations, shareholders and other external financing sources to meet the Company's liabilities and commitments as they become payable. Future operations are dependant on the Company's ability to generate sustainable profits and the ongoing support of its lender.
The Company completed two acquisitions

########
Rank: 1
Score: 42.82611
Retrieved Text: Divide the average earning assets by the average total assets to get the earning assets to total assets ratio. For companies that generate their income from loans and rentals, such as banks, a high ratio indicates a very efficient use of assets.... (Revenues/Average plant assets). Plant-Asset Turnover is a measure of the Plant-Asset Turnover is a measure of the relation between sales and investments in long-lived assets.
The Statement of Income displays basic information about a credit union's profitability. This workpaper compares profitability from the prior yearend to the current period. The examiner can tailor the workpaper to calculate the individual line items as a percentage of either total assets, average assets, total income, or total expenses. The Financial History and Key Ratios workpapers display... As a result, calculating the average total assets for the period in question is more accurate than the total assets for one period. A company's total assets can easily be found on the balance sheet .
Add each period’s total earning assets and divide by 2 to determine the average earning assets the bank held during the period. In this example, add $750 million and $650 million to get $1.4 billion. Divide $1.4 billion by 2 to get $700 million in average earning assets. Divide the bank’s net interest income by its average earning assets. Multiply your result by 100 to calculate its net... As a result, calculating the average total assets for the period in question is more accurate than the total assets for one period. A company's total assets can easily

########
Rank: 2
Score: 42.431908
Retrieved Text: Asset Coverage - Asset coverage is a measure of which a company's assets, net value, cover a company's debt obligations, plus/or preferred stocks. This value is similar information to what you would find on a company's profit and loss statement, although this is expressed in real dollar terms, and often express in percentages. In accounting, the profit and loss statement shows the owners or company's equity expressed in dollars, although it usually takes into account amortized long-term debts, as well.
I would like to say big thanks to this blog for sharing such article. The found new lessons to learn about Asset Coverage from this wonderful piece of writing and I am really happy to find such interesting and informative article.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 41.01909
Retrieved Text: IT life-cycle management solutions vendor Altiris this week reported healthy earnings for its second fiscal quarter ending June 30, 2004.
The Lindon, Utah-based company's gross profit grew to $33.7 million during the quarter, up from $20.3 million for the same period a year ago.
Total revenue for the quarter increased 75 percent year-over-year, rising to $40 million from $22.8 million a year prior. The gain was a 7 percent increase over the company's first-quarter 2004 revenue.
Net income for the second quarter came in at $3.7 million, returning 13 cents per diluted share to the company's investors. Net income was up from $3.3 million a year ago, but shareholder earnings were down from 15 cents per diluted share for the same quarter in 2003 due to charges of $1 million related to amortization of acquired intellectual property, $681,000 in amortization of intangible assets and $145,000 in stock-based compensation.
Greg Butterfield, chairman, president and CEO of Altiris, credited the reseller channel for assisting in the company's financial performance. "We had strong sales activity through our channels and our direct-sales force, where our newly formed named accounts team performed exceptionally well," he said in a statement.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 39.849945
Retrieved Text: An established Queensland farming family, whose members include an Italian bikini model and a Supercar driver, is tied to companies being examined for alleged debts of more than $11 million.
The Barbera's have been farming zucchinis, capsicum and tomatoes in the Bundaberg region for almost 50 years, currently operating under M & R Farms.
Family patriarch Giatano (Guy) Barbera, whose daughter Courtney was a runner-up in the Italian World Beauty Fitness and Fashion and whose 21-year-old son Mason drives Supercars, is being targeted by four liquidators.
He is the director of 14 companies including Barbera Fresh which is in liquidation with debts totalling more than $5.7 million.
He is also director of IPG (Global), Barbera Transport and Barbera Properties which have also been placed in liquidation.
IPG (Global) is believed to owe the taxman alone more than $1 million while Barbera Properties has debts of more than $1.45 million and Barbera Transport owes more than $800,000.
Barbera Fresh's liquidator BRI Ferrier told creditors last November of the need for a possible public examination of the director in order to obtain information regarding the company's affairs.
Moira Carter, of BRI Ferrier, told The Courier-Mail that there has been difficulties in gaining access to books and records to assist in her investigations.
"It became apparent transfers of assets and loan documents entered into between the entities over a period of time that require further investigation," Ms Carter said.
She said the only secured creditor of Barbera Fresh was Barbera Family Farms although no debts have yet been disclosed.
All four liquidators contacted by The Courier-Mail said they had

########
Rank: 5
Score: 39.616123
Retrieved Text: CALGARY and HOUSTON, May 30, 2018 /CNW/ - Sterling Resources Ltd. ("Sterling" or the "Company") (TSX-V: SLG) is pleased to provide a summary of its 2018 first quarter financial and operating results as of March 31, 2018.
Selected financial, operational and reserves information is outlined below and should be read in conjunction with the Company's unaudited consolidated financial statements ("Financial Statements"), and management's discussion and analysis ("MD&A") for the quarter ended March 31, 2018, which are available on SEDAR at www.sedar.com and the Company's website at www.sterling-resources.com. All figures referred to in this press release are denominated in U.S. dollars.
The Company previously announced that over the past five months, the Company has significantly advanced the 2018 capital program at the Bretana oil field. On December 18, 2017, the Company acquired a 100 percent working interest in the field and announced that the field would come online in 10 to 12 months for an estimated cost of approximately USD$24.6 million, including capital expenditures relating to oil production facilities and workovers of an existing oil producer well and a water disposal well. The Company now estimates this project will cost approximately USD$18.3 million, which is 25 percent less than originally budgeted. The Company's use of a wireline unit, rather than a workover rig, to remove plugs and remediate the oil producer and water disposal wells cost USD$300,000, significantly less than the budgeted USD$2.0 million. Additional savings resulted from the execution of a turn-key contract to build and install all the production facilities and a corresponding contract for the personnel

########
Rank: 6
Score: 39.59787
Retrieved Text: At ELOC, we do not talk about how to make small businesses profitable; we live it one business at a time.
To enter into a niche market by starting or acquiring a company and then bringing all of ELOC's business assets to the support of the new or newly acquired company.
This replicable and proven system improves the company's revenues, greatly decreases its expenses, and increases the company's net profit..
To maximize profits by using the assets and features of all companies to support and grow its sister companies.
Thus, the whole becomes greater than the sum of its parts. This gives all of the businesses the resources and the advantages of a much larger international company while keeping each individual company nimble and lean so that each can quickly adjust to market opportunities.
Founder & CEO of Adams, Evens & Ross, Inc.
Wilson Cole lives in Atlanta with his wife of more than 21years and their four daughters. He has spent more than half of his life expanding and managing over a dozen successful businesses during his twenty-five year entrepreneurial career. Wilson's vast experience has included being honored by Inc Magazine as the CEO of an INC 500 Company. Other INC 500 CEO honorees have included Bill Gates of Microsoft and Larry Olson of Oracle. In 2007, Wilson was named the Billion Dollar Man by a leading trade magazine, because his companies had helped its partners and clients to generate in excess of One Billion Dollars in revenues over a ten year period. Wilson has demonstrated his understanding and vast knowledge

########
Rank: 7
Score: 39.377663
Retrieved Text: Argus Media reported that California Metal-X plans to reopen in May the Pennsylvania copper foundry it recently acquired from Colonial Metals, marking the company's first foray into the east coast.
CMX will produce high-quality copper casting alloys at the Columbia, Pennsylvania, facility. In addition to acquiring Colonial's assets, CMX paid the company's remaining debts to allow the company to avoid bankruptcy, president Tim Strelitz told Argus.
Colonial Metals shuttered in June 2018 because of financial difficulties. Its Columbia foundry is the only brass and bronze manufacturing facility with a submerged electric arc furnace, which was used to recover low-grade copper scrap.
At the time of its closure, the facility was processing an estimated 90mn lbs of scrap metal per year.
CMX is the largest red metal, brass and bronze ingot manufacturer on the west coast, with an annual production capacity of more than 36mn lbs.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 39.237114
Retrieved Text: This statistic shows a selection of companies LinkedIn has acquired since 2010, and their respective acquisition price. In July 2014, the professional networking company acquired marketing platform Bizo for 175 million U.S. dollars. The company's most expensive acquisition was online learning company Lynda.com for 1.5 billion U.S. dollars in April 2015.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 38.93141
Retrieved Text: Australian private equity group Archer Capital is spearheading a leveraged buyout of Funtastic Ltd., a toy company that is the corporate parent of Madman Entertainment, Australia's largest anime and manga distributor. Funtastic's net profits for the last year have dropped 60 percent, and its share prices have been falling since the beginning of 2008, from AU$1.18 to as low as 36.5 cents a share in March. Shares are now valued at 70.5 cents a share, increasing once Archer's "non-binding indicative proposal" to buy the entire company at 80 cents per share had been made.
Recently, Funtastic's managing director, Tony Oates, has reportedly been considering selling off the company's non-toy assets, while retaining its core business. Madman Group, which Funtastic acquired for 34.5 million Australian dollars (US$26.5 million) in 2006, is its major non-toy division, although Funtastic also has an interactive entertainment/videogame distribution unit.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 38.611225
Retrieved Text: American Assets Trust, Inc. Reports Fourth Quarter and Year-End 2017 Financial Results | American Assets Trust, Inc.
SAN DIEGO, Feb. 13, 2018 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- American Assets Trust, Inc. (NYSE:AAT) (the “company”) today reported financial results for its fourth quarter and year ended December 31, 2017.
Net income attributable to common stockholders was $7.1 million, or $0.15 per basic and diluted share for the three months ended December 31, 2017 compared to $8.9 million, or $0.19 per basic and diluted share for the three months ended December 31, 2016. The decrease from the corresponding period in 2016 was primarily due to an increase in bad debt expense at Lloyd District Portfolio and increase in general and administrative expenses during the period related to a one-time non-cash charge associated with the vesting modification of previously granted restricted stock awards. The vesting modification was approved by our compensation committee during the fourth quarter of 2017 to adjust vesting based on their analysis of our relative total shareholder return over a three year period instead of our prior performance metric of relative forward FFO multiple. For the year ended December 31, 2017, net income attributable to common stockholders was $29.1 million, or $0.62 per basic and diluted share compared to $32.6 million, or $0.72 per basic and diluted share for the year ended December 31, 2016. The decrease was primarily due to an increase in depreciation and amortization expense attributed to the acquisition of the Pacific Ridge Apartments on April 28, 2017 and an increase in general and administrative expenses, as

########
Rank: 11
Score: 38.483463
Retrieved Text: MONTRÉAL, QUÉBEC--(Marketwired - June 9, 2017) - Le Château Inc. (TSX:CTU), today reported that sales for the first quarter ended April 29, 2017 amounted to $44.4 million as compared with $48.6 million for the first quarter ended April 30, 2016, a decrease of 8.6%, with 26 fewer stores in operation. Comparable store sales decreased 1.5% for the first quarter as compared to last year, with comparable regular store sales increasing 0.7% and comparable outlet store sales decreasing 9.9% (see non-GAAP measures below). Included in comparable store sales are online sales which increased 22.0% for the first quarter.
The Company continues to make progress in its strategy to recalibrate its retail network, close underperforming stores and further strengthen its rapidly growing e-commerce platform. The renewal of the credit facility, a new term loan and the exchange of a portion of the loan from a company controlled by a director of Le Château, into First Preferred Shares are expected to provide Le Château with the financial flexibility to complete its strategy of right-sizing its retail network of stores. In 2017, the Company is planning to close approximately 18 stores.
Earnings (loss) before interest, income taxes, depreciation, amortization, write-off and/or impairment of property and equipment and intangible assets ("Adjusted EBITDA") (see non-GAAP measures below) for the first quarter of 2017 amounted to $(8.3) million, compared to $(9.1) million for the same period last year. The improvement of $820,000 in adjusted EBITDA for the first quarter was primarily attributable to the reduction of $4.1 million in selling, general and administrative ("SG&A") expenses

########
Rank: 12
Score: 38.290966
Retrieved Text: GCP Student Living plc, which was the first student accommodation REIT in the UK, has reported a quarter-on-quarter increase in NAV per share of 3.2% at the end of Dec-18 to 156.4 pence.
At the end of last year, the company's portfolio was valued at £841.5 million, reflecting a like-for-like increase over the quarter of 3.0%.
The company's portfolio comprises of ten assets with a total of around 3,600 beds. Of the ten assets under ownership, nine are currently operational, achieving a net initial yield of 4.74%.
The one asset not currently operational has been forward funded and is due to hit the market in time for the start of the 2019-20 academic year. Upon completion, the Brighton asset will provide 450 beds in addition to around 30,000 square feet of commercial space.
During the period the business secured a £55m facility with Well Fargo Bank N.A taking the company's cost of borrowing on its drawn debt to 2.96%, with an average weighted maturity of 7 years.
Along with assets in London and Egham, GCP Student also has sites in Brighton, Bristol and Guildford.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 38.16773
Retrieved Text: Sure enough, in April Helios and Matheson warned in its annual report that its independent auditors had "substantial doubt" about its ability to continue as a going concern and this may hinder its capacity to get financing. On May 8, it said it had only $15.5 million in cash left. Its shares plunged, and are down more than 90 percent for the year to date.
Helios and Matheson's greatest mistake, analysts and fund managers say, was trying to bring the company into the public markets before it was ready.
"The transparency is killing them. You don't hear about how much money Uber loses every time you get in one of their cars, you hear about how fast it's growing. What we're looking at now is one of the best examples of why you don't go public" in the early stages of a technology company's growth, said Kevin Landis, a longtime tech portfolio manager at FirstHand Funds.
Over the last 12 months, MoviePass's subscriber numbers have grown from around 20,000 to close to 3 million. That will swell to more than 5 million by the end of this year, the company projected in March.
"One thing that Wall Street offers you is more freedom," he said.
"I don't worry about the capital at all," he said.
“The growth-at-all-costs strategy is being funded these days by the venture community, not the public market. The last time we saw the public markets fund a growth-at-all-costs strategy was the 1999 internet bubble, and we all know how that ended," said Kathleen Smith, principal at Renaissance Capital

########
Rank: 14
Score: 38.111984
Retrieved Text: Lincoln Electric Holdings, Inc. (the “Company”) (Nasdaq: LECO) today announced it acquired the soldering business of Worthington Industries, Inc. (NYSE: WOR), a leading global diversified metals manufacturing company. The acquisition broadens Harris® Products Group’s portfolio of industry-leading consumables with the addition of premium solders and fluxes. In addition, the parties have entered into a purchase agreement for Lincoln Electric to acquire certain brazing assets from Worthington. The anticipated closing of the acquisition of the brazing assets is February 1, 2019, subject to customary closing conditions.
The annual revenue generated by the assets being acquired through both transactions is approximately $25 million. Terms of the transactions were not disclosed.
The Company's expectations and beliefs concerning the future contained in this news release are forward- looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements reflect management's current expectations and involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Forward-looking statements generally can be identified by the use of words such as "may," "will," "expect," "intend," "estimate," "anticipate," "believe," "forecast," "guidance" or words of similar meaning. Actual results may differ materially from such statements due to a variety of factors that could adversely affect the Company's operating results. The factors include, but are not limited to: general economic and market conditions; the effectiveness of post-acquisition integration efforts; and market risks and price fluctuations related to the purchase of commodities. For additional discussion, see "Item 1A. Risk Factors" in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 37.861446
Retrieved Text: The merger of Okinawa's four largest bus companies, a plan in the works for nearly ten years, has been called off once again. The new company formed to take over the properties and operations of the existing companies will be dissolved. The final nail in the plan's coffin was Okinawa Bus Co. President Yoshikuni Nakayama's refusal to accept the offered compensation for his company's assets. He claimed that the offered money was not even enough to cover the company's pension liabilities, and thus impossible for him to accept the deal.
"The plan would mean that our company's share from the sale of the assets would be only ¥500 million; that is far below what we have to pay to our retirees, as our retirement liabilities exceed ¥2.6 billion," Nakayama said.
The new company president, Yoshio Higa, had set the deadline for the old bus companies to accept the deal by Apr. 28, and had declared that if everyone did not agree by then, the new company would call the deal off and dissolve itself.
The new company, backed by some of Okinawa's largest corporations, had already set the budget for buying the old bus companies assets at ¥10.4 billion. After much wrangling the backers had agreed to add another ¥3.6 billion to the compensation package. In the end even that was not enough to satisfy the old companies' management, which insisted that their assets were worth more.
Currently, two of Okinawa's largest bus companies are operating in bankruptcy, and all four are losing money. And while almost everyone agrees that

########
Rank: 16
Score: 37.514305
Retrieved Text: The Company has today published a circular (the "Circular") proposing a change to the Company's existing published investment policy (the "Investment Policy") to be considered at an Extraordinary General Meeting on 15 December 2016. Terms used in this announcement shall have the same meaning as set out in the Circular.
The Board proposes amending the Investment Policy so that the Company may make an incremental investment in Canadian International Oil Corp. ("CIOC") such that the total value of the Company's investment in CIOC may represent up to 35 per cent. of the Company's gross assets, including cash holdings, at the time of such incremental investment. The Investment Policy currently limits single investments of the Company to 25 per cent. of its gross assets. The proposed increase is being sought solely to facilitate the exercise by the Company of the Warrants in CIOC held by it and relates only to the Company's investment in CIOC. It is not proposed to increase the relevant limit more generally or in respect of other investments.
As further described in the Investment Policy set out in the Circular, the Company utilises the Partnership to make investments. Accordingly, the Company's gross assets are calculated by reference to the gross unrealised portfolio value of the Partnership, as well as cash and cash equivalents held by each of the Partnership and the Company.
The amendment to the Investment Policy is being proposed in order to allow the Company to exercise the 69.8 million warrants in CIOC acquired (indirectly) by the Company following a successful tender offer for

########
Rank: 17
Score: 37.511948
Retrieved Text: Limited partner partnership contributions go into separate capital accounts.
Regardless of the type of company you run, the same basic accounting equation applies: The value of your company's assets is equal to its total liabilities plus the owners' equity in the firm. Different types of businesses, however, identify owners' equity in different ways. Typically, a partnership tracks each owner's equity in the business through the use of capital accounts.
In a typical partnership, each partner has his own capital account. An account has three elements: contributions, allocations and distributions. Contributions represent what the partner has put into the company -- either cash or the value of other assets. Allocations are the partner's share of the company's profits and losses; partners divide these up according to the company's partnership agreement, usually according to each partner's percentage stake in the company. Distributions, or withdrawals, represent profits that the partner has received from the company in cash. A partner's equity is calculated as contributions plus allocations minus distributions.
Say you start a company with two other partners. You own 50 percent of the business, and each of the others has 25 percent. You contribute $100,000 in startup cash and $10,000 in other assets. Your contributions, then, equal $110,000. In the first year, the company has a net loss of $20,000; in the second year, it makes a profit of $50,000; and in the third year, the profit is $80,000. Since you get half of all profits and losses, your allocations equal $55,000: a $10,000 loss and combined profits of $65,000. At the

########
Rank: 18
Score: 37.220734
Retrieved Text: WATERLOO, Ontario, Jan. 31, 2019 /PRNewswire/ -- Open Text Corporation (NASDAQ: OTEX), (TSX: OTEX), "The Information Company," today announced its financial results for the second quarter ended December 31, 2018.
"OpenText delivered another strong quarter in Q2. Total revenues grew to $735 million, Annual Recurring Revenues grew to $530 million, up 3%, year over year, with record Adjusted EBITDA margin of 42%," said Mark J. Barrenechea, OpenText CEO & CTO. "The OpenText Cloud continues to gain momentum as cloud revenues grew 5% and delivered 60% Adjusted Gross Margin. The OpenText Cloud is our greatest opportunity."
Barrenechea further added, "Our strategy is Total Growth, where M&A will continue to be our largest growth driver, augmented with organic growth. Over the last 60 days, we have deployed approximately $386 million in capital and closed two cloud-based acquisitions. With a highly talented team and an increasingly strategic position with customers, we are well positioned to scale OpenText to new levels in the coming years."
"Q2 Fiscal 2019 financial performance continues to demonstrate our commitment to Total Growth, a focus on scaling productivity, solid execution of our acquisition framework, expanding margins and strengthening our balance sheet," said Madhu Ranganathan, OpenText EVP & CFO. "During Q2 we demonstrated solid margin performance across the company, generating $308 million of Adjusted EBITDA, $189 million in Operating Cash Flows, an increase of 14% over the prior fiscal year, and $595 million of cash on the balance sheet."
(2) Please also see note 14 to the Company's Fiscal 2018 Consolidated Financial Statements on Form 10-K. Reflective of the amount

########
Rank: 19
Score: 37.06665
Retrieved Text: Ten top Cigna executives will keep their same positions after the company's $67 billion acquisition of Express Scripts is finalized.
CHS, one of the nation’s largest publicly traded hospital companies and operators, has settled with the U.S. Department of Justice for $262 million over an investigation of kickback and false billing allegations related to a hospital company it acquired in 2014.
Bobby Jindal, former governor of Louisiana, has been appointed to the board of directors of WellCare, a Tampa, Florida-based managed care company.
Looking into 2019, healthcare executives see a lot of the same top challenges as they did in 2018, but digital health and patient-centered care are rising concerns.
A top breast cancer doctor and researcher has resigned from Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center after a report revealed he failed to disclose millions of dollars he received from healthcare companies in medical journals and research.
Leana Wen, MD, has been named the new president of not-for-profit healthcare services company Planned Parenthood.
HCA Healthcare's R. Milton Johnson is retiring as CEO of the Nashville, Tennessee-based healthcare services company.
A top breast cancer researcher has continually failed to disclose potential conflicts of interest in his research after receiving millions of dollars from drug and healthcare companies, according to a report from Pro Publica and The New York Times.
The healthcare venture formed by Amazon, Berkshire Hathaway and JPMorgan Chase has named Jack Stoddard as its new COO, according to CNBC.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 37.023785
Retrieved Text: EV Group, a supplier of wafer bonding and lithography equipment for the MEMS, nanotechnology and semiconductor markets, announced this week that it broke ground on expanding the company's manufacturing capacity at its headquarters in Austria earlier this month. In addition, the company reports that it has witnessed a 40 percent increase in order intake in fiscal year 2011 compared with fiscal 2010, and is currently looking to recruit approximately 100 additional employees.
SensorDynamics, a specialist in MEMS and wireless semiconductor products, announced this week that it was acquired by Maxim Integrated Products, which specializes in analog and mixed-signal semiconductor products. Maxim, headquartered in Sunnyvale, California, is a Fortune 1000 company. Maxim is paying approximately $130 million plus the assumption of about $34 million in debt to acquire SensorDynamics.
Shipments of smartphones for sale in China are set to soar by a record 53 percent this year, according to new research from the IHS iSuppli. Domestic smartphone shipments in China will rise to 54.1 million units in 2011, up from 35.3 million units in 2010. Of the projected domestic total for this year, more than 10 million and 15 million smartphone units will come from the giant Chinese makers ZTE and Huawei, respectively. By the end of 2015, IHS forecasts that Chinese companies will ship 111.6 million smartphones, rising at a compound annual growth rate of 25.9 percent from 2010. In contrast, the global smartphone market will grow at a more modest CAGR of 20.7 percent during the same period.
Vuzix Corporation announced this week a strategic technology development partnership

########
Rank: 21
Score: 36.991043
Retrieved Text: Wall Street likes to call him "Super Mario," and in 2013 the moniker fit in more ways than one.
Mario Gabelli, the head of GAMCO Investors and widely followed market guru, pulled down $85 million in compensation last year, putting him on top of the mountain among his peers in asset management and elsewhere, according to an analysis by financial services firm SNL.
Perhaps just as remarkably, Gabelli receives no actual salary. Instead, he made this money based solely on incentives related to his company's growth. GAMCO's assets under management soared 78 percent from 2009 to 2013, rising from $26.35 billion to just over $47 billion.
As GAMCO's assets and earnings have grown, so has Gabelli's compensation. Per his employment agreement, Gabelli receives an incentive-based management fee of 10 percent of the company's aggregate annual pretax profits. According to a proxy filing, that fee contributed $16.5 million to his total compensation in 2013. He also receives a percentage of the company's revenues or net operating contribution as compensation related to managing investment companies and alternative funds, attracting mutual fund shareholders and otherwise generating revenue for GAMCO.
While GAMCO's performance topped an SNL benchmark for asset managers, the firm lagged others including KKR, Blackstone and Och-Ziff. However, Gabelli topped their CEO salaries.
KKR principals Henry Kravis and George Roberts pulled down just more than $44 million apiece, while John Frank of Oaktree Capital made a shade above $34 million and Larry Fink at BlackRock, which manages $4.4 trillion, pulled in just under $23 million to round out the top five among asset

########
Rank: 22
Score: 36.88246
Retrieved Text: CALGARY, ALBERTA--(Marketwire - March 25, 2010) - CROCOTTA ENERGY INC. (TSX:CTA) is pleased to announce its financial and operating results for year ended December 31, 2009, including financial statements, notes to the financial statements, and Management's Discussion and Analysis. All dollar figures are Canadian dollars unless otherwise noted.
- Established a new core area at Edson, with material exploitation upside, via the acquisition of Salvo Energy Corporation ("Salvo") for approximately $78.1 million.
- Increased Crocotta's presence in the emerging Pembina Cardium light oil play.
- Continued to drill wells to further establish reserves and commercial viability of Crocotta's large Montney land base in Northeast British Columbia and Northwest Alberta.
- Enhanced the value of the acquired Salvo properties by over $20 million with minimal capital expenditures through improved liquids recovery, operating cost reductions, and production optimization.
- Increased bank credit facility to $65.0 million effective March 17, 2010.
evaluation by GLJ Petroleum Consultants Ltd. ("GLJ").
Non-GAAP Measures section in the MD&A for more details.
in the MD&A for more details.
In 2009, the Company took a large step forward by adding 2 additional resource plays to its inventory. The Edson property had an immediate impact through optimization of existing production but more importantly has added a multi-zone resource style property with Bluesky, Notikewin, Wilrich, and Cardium upside. The 8 net sections of Cardium oil rights at Pembina has added a light oil resource play to complement the natural gas Montney resource play acquired in prior years and the liquids rich Bluesky resource play at Edson.
Crocotta has approximately 8 net sections in the Pembina area that

########
Rank: 23
Score: 36.84937
Retrieved Text: The Guangdong Province Higher People's Court announced the settlement on Monday, and stated that the legal dispute had been put to rest. Following the payment to Proview, Chinese authorities transferred the "IPAD" trademark to Apple.
Apple did not respond immediately to a request for comment.
The company's latest version of the iPad has yet to be sold in the country, despite clearing regulatory checks. Analysts have said the legal dispute over the iPad trademark could be delaying the product's sale.
Proview had wanted as much as $400 million in settlement from Apple in order to help clear its debts. Eight banks have taken over Proview's assets and are owed $180 million.
"Some may feel that Apple had help from Chinese leaders by spending a lot of effort on public relations," he said, noting how Apple's CEO Tim Cook visited China in March and met with government officials.
"But I think Apple was acting in good faith," Su added. "Apple only needed to pay a small amount to resolve what could have been a major inconvenience," he said.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 36.80161
Retrieved Text: How are net tangible assets calculated?
Net tangible assets are listed on a company's balance sheet and indicate its book value based on the amount of its total assets less all liabilities and intangible assets.
Net tangible assets are calculated similar to a company's stockholders' equity. However, net tangible assets exclude the value of a company's intangible assets. To calculate a company's net tangible assets, subtract its par value of preferred shares and any intangible assets, such as goodwill, patents and trademarks, from its total assets.
For example, as of Dec. 28, 2014, Zulily Incorporated has total assets of $492.378 million and total liabilities of $216.415 million. However, Zulily does not have any intangible assets or goodwill. Since it does not have any intangible assets, this value is calculated by subtracting $216.415 million from $492.378 million. Therefore, its net tangible assets of $275.963 million is equivalent to its total shareholders' equity.
On the other hand, as of Dec. 31, 2014 Facebook Incorporated has total assets of $40.184 billion, total liabilities of $4.088 billion, intangible assets of $3.929 billion and goodwill of $17.981 billion. To calculate the value of Facebook's net tangible assets, subtract its intangible assets, goodwill and total liabilities from its total assets. Facebook's resulting net tangible assets is $14.186 billion, or $40.184 billion less $4.088 billion, $3.929 billion and $17.981 billion.
As of Dec. 31, 2014, Amazon.com Incorporated had total assets of $54.505 billion, total liabilities of $43.764 billion and goodwill of $3.319 billion. Its resulting net tangible assets is $7.422 billion, or $54.505 billion less $43.764 billion and

########
Rank: 25
Score: 36.722366
Retrieved Text: As you almost surely know, Bill Gates (William Gates III) is one of the wealthiest men in the world.
Bill Gates, co-founder of Microsoft, is so wealthy, in fact, that he enjoyed an uninterrupted reign of 13 straight years at the top of the world's richest people list.
In fact, Bill Gates would very likely still be the world's wealthiest man (he is currently #2) if he weren't so charitable. Gates has already given away tens of billions of dollars of his wealth, and plans on giving away practically his entire fortune by the time that he passes away.
The story of how Bill Gates came to be the world's wealthiest man is one that is familiar to many. Gates developed an early fascination with computers and elected to drop out of Harvard in order to pursue his dream of owning and running a software company. This company would eventually become "Microsoft", which continues to be one of the world's most influential companies.
Bill Gates currently owns over 400 million shares of Microsoft and is still the company's largest shareholder.
Having said that, Gates has significantly pared down his position in the company over the years - for instance, ten years ago, Bill Gates owned over 1.2 billion shares of Microsoft.
Bill Gates currently serves as the Chairman of Microsoft, and has previously served as the company's CEO and Chief Software Architect.
Gates has dropped out of the day-to-day running of Microsoft in order to work full-time on his charitable endeavours. He is currently the co-chair of the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation,

########
Rank: 26
Score: 36.593967
Retrieved Text: SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 11, 2014 /PRNewswire/ -- RPX Corporation (NASDAQ: RPXC), the leading provider of patent risk management solutions, today announced its financial results for the fourth quarter and year ended December 31, 2013.
"We are very pleased to report solid growth and cash generation in our fifth full year of reducing NPE risk for technology companies," said John Amster, Chief Executive Officer of RPX Corporation. "With 168 clients in our network, a growing insurance business, and numerous new initiatives underway, we're excited about the opportunities in front of us."
Revenue for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2013 was $60.3 million, compared to $51.6 million in the prior year period. Revenue for fiscal 2013 was $237.5 million, compared to $197.7 million for fiscal 2012.
Net acquisition spend during the quarter totaled $40.4 million, and included 19 new acquisitions of patent assets, in addition to the exercise of previously negotiated options to acquire licenses for new clients. Net acquisition spend during the year totaled $126.5 million.
GAAP net income for the fourth quarter was $7.0 million or $0.13 per diluted share, compared to $10.1 million or $0.19 per diluted share in the fourth quarter of 2012. GAAP net income for fiscal 2013 was $40.8 million or $0.76 per diluted share, compared to $39.0 million or $0.74 per diluted share for fiscal 2012.
Non-GAAP net income for the fourth quarter, which excludes stock-based compensation and the amortization of acquired intangibles (in each case, net of tax), was $9.7 million or $0.18 per pro forma diluted share, compared to $12.3 million or $0.24 per

########
Rank: 27
Score: 36.547806
Retrieved Text: CALGARY, April 8, 2019 /CNW/ - ARROW Exploration Corp. ("Arrow" or the "Company") (TSXV: AXL) is pleased to report its year-end 2018 reserves in Colombia and Canada as evaluated by DeGolyer and MacNaughton ("D&M") of Dallas, Texas in its report dated effective as of December 31, 2018 (the "D&M Reserves Report"). This evaluation was prepared using the guidelines outlined in the Canadian Oil and Gas Evaluation Handbook ("COGE Handbook") and is in accordance with National Instrument 51-101 – Standards of Disclosure for Oil and Gas Activities ("NI 51-101").
In accordance with the requirements of NI 51-101, the Company expects to file more detailed disclosure relating to its oil and gas activities for the year ended December 31, 2018 in its 2018 Annual Information Form, together with an operational update, audited annual financial statements and management's discussion and analysis, on or before April 30, 2019.
Mr. Gary Wine, Chief Executive Officer of Arrow, commented, "We're very pleased to have increased our reserves in 2018 through the acquisition of assets in Colombia complemented by the success of our first exploration well in Colombia in Q4 2018. Our long Reserve Life Index and large under-developed land position in Colombia positions the Company very well for future growth."
A summary of the Company's Gross Reserves volumes according to reserve category as at December 31, 2018 is provided in the following table. Numbers in this table may not add exactly due to rounding.
(1) See Oil and Gas Advisories and Reserves Definitions below.
A summary of the net present value of the Company's estimated future net

########
Rank: 28
Score: 36.438297
Retrieved Text: Liquidation is when a limited company, at the end of its life, sells off all its assets and pays off as many of its liabilities as it can with the proceeds.
A liquidation may be compulsory (instituted by unpaid creditors) or voluntary (instigated by the company's shareholders).
A liquidator will be appointed to check that the company does actually own the assets which are about to be sold, in order to sell them, and to distribute the proceeds as appropriate.
When a company is liquidated, there is a legal order of priority for which debts have to be paid off first. For example, employees who are owed wages have priority over creditors. An exception would be if the creditors have a 'fixed charge' over any of the company's assets - that is, if they are promised the proceeds from a particular asset in the event of a liquidation.
Find out more about how to close down a company in this article from Contractor MVLs.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 36.437622
Retrieved Text: CINCINNATI, Jan. 22, 2014 /PRNewswire/ -- First Financial Bancorp (Nasdaq: FFBC) ("First Financial" or the "Company") announced that it expects to recognize a $22.4 million pre-tax non-cash valuation adjustment on its FDIC indemnification asset, which is expected to reduce diluted earnings per share by $0.26 for the fourth quarter 2013. The non-cash valuation adjustment is primarily a result of improvement in future expected cash flows on covered loans, a meaningful decline in loss claims filed with the FDIC, higher reimbursements to the FDIC related to positive asset resolutions in recent periods and the significantly shorter remaining life of the indemnification asset in comparison to the weighted average life of the related covered loans. After the valuation adjustment, the FDIC indemnification asset is expected to total $45.1 million as of December 31, 2013.
The Company also estimates preliminary unaudited earnings for the three months ended December 31, 2013 to be $0.07 per fully diluted share, inclusive of the non-cash valuation adjustment, and approximately $0.30 per share on an operating basis. Further details will be provided in the Company's upcoming earnings release.
Covered loan balances are expected to total $457.9 million at December 31, 2013, including an estimated $54.1 million remaining discount related to purchase accounting adjustments at acquisition. Covered loans which the Company considers likely to be retained are expected to total $343.8 million at December 31, 2013, while covered loans it considers likely to exit are expected to total $114.0 million. The allowance for loan and lease losses on covered loans is expected to be $18.9 million at

================



======= Instance Index 579 =========
Input Text: The word "member" has multiple meanings. Does it have the same meaning in sentences 1 and 2? Yes or no?

Sentence 1: Canada is a member of the United Nations.
Sentence 2: The library was a member of the interlibrary loan association.

Target Text: Yes

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 44.839333
Retrieved Text: American Library Association. Committee on Professional Ethics. Code of Ethics. Chicago, American Library Association, 1995.
American Library Association. Office for Intellectual Freedom. Policy on Confidentiality of Library Records. 1986.
American Library Association. Office for Intellectual Freedom. Policy Concerning Confidentiality of Personally Identifiable Information about Library Users. 2004.
American Library Association. Video Round Table. Guidelines for Interlibrary Loan of Audiovisual Formats. 1998.
Banerjee, Kyle. “Know How to Integrate Services to Make Libraries Easier to Use.” Computers in Libraries 24.3 (Mar. 2004): 10-14.
Brandau, Christie Pearson. “Patron-initiated: This Ain’t Your Grandfather’s ILL!” Library Journal 128.10 (June 1, 2003): 78-79.
Burke, Merilyn and Susan J. Heron. “Copyright Issues and “For-Profit” Libraries: Problems and Solutions.” Journal of Interlibrary Loan, Document Delivery & Information Supply 14.4 (2004): 5-22.
Butler, Rebecca P. Copyright for Teachers and Librarians. New York: Neal-Schuman, 2004.
Carrico, Jeffrey C. and Kathleen L. Smalldon. “Licensed to ILL: A Beginning Guide to Negotiating E-Resources Licenses to Permit Resource Sharing.” Journal of Library Administration 40.1/2 (2004): 41-54.
“Confidentiality Basics.” Journal of Interlibrary Loan, Document Delivery and Information Supply 14.3 (2004): 17-20.
“Copyright Basics.” Journal of Interlibrary Loan, Document Delivery & Information Supply 14.3 (2004): 5-15.
Copyright Law of the United States of America Chapter 1, Section 108: Limitations on the exclusive rights.
Crews, Kenneth D. Copyright Essentials for Librarians and Educators. Chicago: American Library Association, 2000.
Croft, Janet Brennan. Legal Solutions in Electronic Reserves and the Electronic Delivery of Interlibrary Loan. Haworth Information Press, 2004.
Egan, Nancy. The impact of electronic full-text resources on Interlibrary loan. Journal of Interlibrary loan, document delivery & electronic reserve 15.3(2005): pg 23.
“Electronic Delivery of Interlibrary Loan.” Journal of

########
Rank: 1
Score: 40.40941
Retrieved Text: MnPALS: The MnPALS union catalog includes MnSCU libraries, several private college libraries and state agency libraries. Bring your Anoka Technical College ID card to a member library for borrowing privileges. Order titles through interlibrary loan by clicking on Request Item and logging in with your ID card.
MnLINK: The Minnesota Library Information Network (MnLINK) is a gateway to access catalogs from over 20 Minnesota library systems. Order titles through interlibrary loan by clicking on Get It! and logging in with your ID card.
MnCatPlus: The University of Minnesota library catalog. Some titles can be borrowed through interlibrary loan. An Anoka Technical College ID card will not gain borrowing privileges here.
OCLC WorldCat: WorldCat is a worldwide catalog maintained collectively by more than 9,000 member institutions.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 39.75007
Retrieved Text: CHICAGO—Kurt Munson, Assistant Head of Access Services at Northwestern University Library was selected as the 2018 winner of the Sharing and Transforming Resources Section's (STARS) Virginia Boucher Distinguished ILL (Interlibrary Loan) Librarian Award, sponsored by OCLC, administered by the Reference and User Services Association (RUSA), a division of the American Library Association. The award consists of $2,000 and a citation, which recognizes an individual for outstanding professional achievement, leadership, and contributions to interlibrary loan and document delivery through recent publication of significant professional literature, participation in professional associations, and/or innovative approaches to practice in individual libraries.
"In addition to his work with the BTAA, Kurt has established himself as one of the foremost authorities on resource sharing systems," selection committee Chair, Mary Hollerich praised. He is a frequent speaker at resource sharing conferences across the country and around the world, and he has published extensively in a wide variety of library journals, from Interlending & Document Supply to portal: Libraries and the Academy to the Journal of Interlibrary Loan, Document Delivery and Electronic Reserve. "His recent white papers on next generation resource sharing management and discovery to delivery systems are sure to have a global impact as they provide a framework for the resource sharing systems we will all be using for years to come."
Read more about Munson in his "STARGazer" interview here.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 39.736843
Retrieved Text: Jessica C. Garner is the Access Services Department Head at Georgia Southern University and has worked in Public and Academic libraries for over ten years. She has been involved with Children’s Services, Collection Development, Cataloging and Interlibrary Loan first as a Public Librarian at Live Oak Public Libraries and then at Georgia Southern University. Her scholarship interests include Interlibrary loan, intellectual freedom, and patron services.
What Does Confucius Say About Intellectual Freedom?
This presentation was given during the Interlibrary Loan Overview Workshop.
Jeffrey M. Mortimore, Ruth L. Baker, Dawn Nikki Cannon-Rech, Jessica Garner, et al.
Rosemary Humphrey, Jessica Garner, Mary Poland, Susan Morris, et al.
Interlibrary Loan… the Next LITTLE Cog in Instruction?
This presentation was given during the Educational Media Showcase for the Georgia Library Media Association.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 39.66928
Retrieved Text: Before using the Five College "Request Item" service or the Interlibrary Loan service on behalf of a faculty or staff member, you must submit a research assistant proxy library card form. Print out the form below, complete both sections, and bring it to the service desk in Young Library. You will be issued a proxy library card.
You may request Five College books on behalf of a Smith faculty or staff member, using your proxy library card. For Five College journals, journal articles or books not accessible via "Request Item" (e.g., art and music books), see the next section.
Check the Five College Library Catalog and use Request Item instead of Interlibrary Loan for books in the Five Colleges.
Use the barcode number as it appears on your proxy library card when making requests. Never request material for a faculty or staff member using your own account.
Note that you can also renew Five College items through the Five College Library Catalog - see instructions for renewing.
If the item is checked out, recall it using Request Item.
Use interlibrary loan (ILL) to request materials not owned by the Smith College Libraries and not available via Request Item.
If Smith owns the item, but you can't locate it on the shelf, please ask for help at the circulation desk.
If an item has been declared billed, missing, lost, it may be requested via interlibrary loan. In this case, add a note to the request regarding the item's status.
Once you've registered, you will be connected to the main interlibrary loan menu, where you can make

########
Rank: 5
Score: 39.030605
Retrieved Text: Your Midd ID is your library card.
Proxy Borrowers are students, staff or TA's designated by Faculty members that may check out library materials on behalf of that faculty member.
The Vermont Consortium of Academic Libraries (VCAL) has developed policies and procedures for faculty members to borrow materials when visiting other academic libraries in the state. Participating institutions and an application form can be found here. Loan periods and policies are determined by the lending institution.
For more information, please visit the Interlibrary Loan website or contact Middlebury's Davis Family Library Circulation Desk: library_circulation@middlebury.edu, or x5494.
Reciprocal borrowing is not available. Please use Interlibrary Loan to request materials from other libraries, or check the Davis Family Library Circulation Desk for more information.
This page was last edited on 12 September 2017, at 14:15.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 38.866184
Retrieved Text: This code is a voluntary agreement adopted by the Nebraska Library Association on October 25, 1990, to govern lending in Nebraska. It is intended to address general policies rather than specific procedures, given the changing nature of technologies and techniques. The code is further intended as a complement, not an impediment, to other resource sharing agreements.
Interlibrary loan is recognized as a basic library service for all ages and interests, and should be publicized as such to all members of the library's clientele. Lending between libraries is not sanctioned as a substitute for local collection development, however, except where cooperative collection agreements are in place.
Any library that is able to complete its borrowing request with full bibliographic information and verification, and can locate potential lenders is unrestricted by this code in forwarding that request to the potential lender(s) of its choice. Libraries that further request policy exceptions or special handling, such as telefacsimile delivery, may do so as needed by their users. Libraries are encouraged to be as generous as possible in accommodating special requests.
Finally, this code holds that interlibrary loan is: 1) in the public interest, and 2) dependent for its success on the mutual cooperation of those involved. Under the terms of this agreement, therefore, libraries should lend as well as borrow materials, with due regard to the difficulty of identifying potential lenders.
An interlibrary loan is a transaction in which library material, or a copy of the material, is made available by one library to another upon request. The phrase "library materials" is understood to

########
Rank: 7
Score: 38.46793
Retrieved Text: We've listed the most common questions about library services and resources on this page. Select a question to see its answer.
If you can't find your question in this list, please contact us or use the site search box at the top of this page.
How many items can I check out, and for how long? And what are the late fees?
May I return my items to any public library?
May I check out items or use a library computer without my card?
Can I check out if I have fines or overdue items?
Why can't I request certain items in the Library Catalog (V-Cat)?
Why doesn't the library have available copies of a popular item?
Can I view the library record of my child, family member or friend?
Can I have library items delivered to my home?
How long may I keep ILL items for use?
What kinds of materials cannot be borrowed via Interlibrary Loan?
How will I know when my Interlibrary Loan materials arrive?
What if I'm not finished with an ILL item by its due date?
What kinds of materials can be borrowed through ILL?
Are magazines available through Interlibrary Loan?
Can I use Interlibrary Loan to get information on particular subject without a specific item in mind?
Where do I return interlibrary loan (ILL) materials?
Why can't you get the ILL item I've requested?
Is my device compatible with the library's digital content (e-books and audiobooks)?
What are the checkout policies for e-books and audiobooks from Wisconsin's Digital Library?
How do I access library computers or Wi-Fi?
Why do I need to specify a purpose for our group visit?
Why do I need

########
Rank: 8
Score: 38.430305
Retrieved Text: This guide describes the various ways CDLC facilitates resource sharing while providing an overview of interlibrary loan basics.
CDLC libraries agree to the free exchange of library materials, including, when necessary, gratis photocopies. To support this interlibrary loan activity, the Council maintains a Union Catalog (Capital District Library Access Catalog or CaDiLaC) which includes monographs and the Union List of Serials. CDLC also coordinates the Direct Access Program (DAP) and participates in OCLC WorldShare ILL, DOCLINE, and NYSILL.
Interlibrary loan requests come to the Council via the CDLC eForm. Requests are searched against CaDiLaC for area locations. The results of these searches are then relayed to the requestor, usually by email. For requests with no area locations, CDLC will refer a request via OCLC WorldShare ILL subsystem or DOCLINE.
CDLC also acts as a NYSILL site for its member libraries. This enables CDLC libraries to access the New York State Library to request monographs, journal articles, ERIC documents, U.S. Patents, NTIS reports, and government documents.
Q: How are ILLiad request different from CDLC's eForm?
A: Some CDLC members use a system called ILLiad to help process Interlibrary loan requests. By sending an ILLiad request you are logging into an individual members ILLiad system and submitting a request.
Q: What is the advantage of sending a request via ILLiad?
A: First off, the turnaround time for ILLiad can be a faster than sending a request via CDLC's eForm. This is due to the fact that someone at the lending institution must manually input all the information from CDLC's eForm into ILLiad. Secondly, you have

########
Rank: 9
Score: 38.21922
Retrieved Text: Library and Learning Services has launched a new online interlibrary loan form, making it quicker and easier for you to apply for and receive Interlibrary Loans. Using the new form you can submit online requests for books and journal articles for your personal use. To use the form, just follow the Inter Library Loan link from the Library catalogue and login with your usual library account details (user name and four digit PIN).
If you are a member of staff and wish to request an article for digitisation and eventual use on an Aspire reading list then please contact the digitisation team.
While you can still choose to receive books and articles in print via Interlibrary Loan, you can also choose to receive journal articles digitally via the British Library’s Secure Electronic Delivery route. If you choose to received items digitally, a PDF of the item will be sent by the British Library to your email account. To open the PDF you will first need to download a free piece of software to your computer called Adobe Digital Editions. Information about this can be found on the British Library’s SED web page.
Please note, articles delivered via SED can only be printed once and they will automatically delete from your computer after 14 days due to the British Library’s digital rights management (DRM).
Posted on October 29, 2013, in Library and tagged British Library, interlibrary loans, library, resources. Bookmark the permalink.	Leave a comment.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 38.209873
Retrieved Text: 1. You have searched our databases and have come across an article that we don't hold.
Verify the information in the request and submit it.
We will obtain a copy of the article from the journal and deliver it to you electronically.
2. You have searched a database and we hold the article in print only.
How do you access a print article in our collection? Use the "Request an ILL" form, linked from the ILL/DD home page.
We will photocopy the article from the journal and deliver it to you electronically (if you registered for home delivery service).
3. You have a reference to an article and need to get the article.
Verify that we don't hold the article, by checking our catalogue for the journal title (not the article title) and volumes held.
If we don't hold an online version, use the "Request an ILL" form, linked from the ILL/DD home page.
We will photocopy the article from the journal and deliver it to you electronically.
1. You need a book from our collections, or a NEOS library.
When you search the NEOS catalogue, you have the option to place requests on books.
Select any other NEOS member library for your Pickup Location, and it will be delivered at that NEOS library for you to pick up.
2. You need a book from other libraries.
Verify that we don't hold the book, by checking our catalogue, we may hold an online version.
If we don't hold the book, use the Request an Item form, linked from the ILL/DD home page.
When we receive the book, we will mail it to

########
Rank: 11
Score: 38.063168
Retrieved Text: I got into interlibrary loans while reading my way through Alan Moore’s Swamp Thing. My library system only had the first few graphic novels. I spoke with the librarian on duty about the later graphic novels, and her response was to pull an interlibrary loan form out of a drawer.
Interlibrary loans always seemed like a hassle before, but… I had to know what happened next! I was motivated! I tracked down the Amazon listing for the next book in the series, filled out the form, and handed it to the librarian. About a month later, I had my book! I read the rest of Swamp Thing this way. Interlibrary loans added an extra level of interest to the checkout process, because every book came from a different library in the Northeast.
My perception of interlibrary loan as a gigantic hassle, it turns out, came from my experiences with it in college. When an interlibrary loan request is handled by a professional instead of an undergrad with a beret and an attitude, things get much speedier. Also, now that I’m reading my way through a stack of library books for pleasure instead of being on deadline for a paper, I can be much more relaxed myself.
The librarian at our local library says that all she needs to put an interlibrary loan through are your library card number and the book you want to request’s title and author. Some library systems do the requests entirely online.
Why am I so enthusiastic about interlibrary loan? Because it expands reading possibilities exponentially.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 37.87025
Retrieved Text: Over 90,000 books and a/v materials.
Current subscriptions to nearly 300 periodicals.
Backfiles of more than 500 periodical titles.
American Periodical Series – a microfilm collection consisting of over 72 rolls of microfilm of documents from Colonial times to years prior to the Civil War.
Melick Library currently subscribes to over 300 journals, magazines, and newspapers in print and microfilm. See the online catalog or Periodicals and Index Holdings List in the reference and periodicals areas for a complete listing of titles of print periodical resources.
In addition to onsite periodical holdings, the library has access to full text articles through several online databases including Lexis-Nexis, JSTOR, and EBSCOhost. These databases provide citations, abstracts, and full text articles from journal, magazines, and newspapers. Articles for which the full text is not available can be borrowed via Interlibrary Loan. Individual title lists for these databases are available online and can be searched using the E-Journal A-Z tool on the library’s databases page.
Melick Library Catalog – lists monographs and journals in both hard copy and electronic formats.
I-Share Catalog – A combined catalog of over 85 CARLI member libraries in Illinois. Materials in the catalog that are not held at Melick can be requested via Interlibrary loan and monitored via the My Account feature.
Local Public Library Catalog– The RSA database offers patrons a listing of library holdings for members of the RAILS Library System. These books may be requested via interlibrary loan or books may be obtained through the Eureka Public Library in particular with the possession of a Public Library courtesy card.
WorldCat –

########
Rank: 13
Score: 37.183792
Retrieved Text: Interlibrary loan (ILL) is Billings Public Library borrowing a book, a microfilm or requesting a photocopy of a specific magazine article from another library for a valid Billings Public Library cardholder. Any charges for interlibrary loan service assessed by the lending library are the responsibility of the cardholder.
An individual cardholder may submit up to five interlibrary loan requests per month.
Interlibrary loan materials are not eligible for renewal.
The Library will try a maximum of three known library locations to fill a request.
An interlibrary loan request will remain active a maximum of 60 days from the date of first transmission.
Patrons who do not pick up their interlibrary loans will receive a warning letter the first time and will be assessed a $9 fine each time thereafter. To avoid the penalty, cardholders are encouraged to alert the Library immediately if they no longer need an item they've requested for loan.
A cardholder may submit a borrowing request for a particular title only once in a six-month period.
In order to be eligible for this service, cardholders' accounts must be clear of any charges.
Due dates for interlibrary loan items are set by the library owning the item, and no renewals are available. Overdue charges for interlibrary loan items are $.50 per day, up to a maximum of $10 per item. Cardholders will be assessed any charges for lost or damaged materials imposed by lending libraries.
Interlibrary loan materials will be picked up from the second floor Help Desk and patrons will return their borrowed items to the librarian at the same desk.
Please read

########
Rank: 14
Score: 37.13819
Retrieved Text: If we do not have the book, video, audiobook, or magazine article that you want, we may be able to locate and borrow it from a member library or through a national library collection thank to our Interlibrary Loan or ILL service.
Anyone with a valid Perth Amboy Public Library card may request items through the ILL service. Because interlibrary loan requests are very labor intensive and may require the library to pay borrowing fees to lending libraries there is a limit of 5 active interlibrary loan requests per customer.
What materials may be borrowed though ILL?
We will try to borrow any kind of material that is held by another library. We are most successful in borrowing books and photocopies or scans of magazine articles. Libraries rarely loan whole copies of magazines to other libraries, but will sometimes loan reels of microfilm. We are less successful in borrowing videos, DVDs, CDs and audio tapes because many libraries restrict the use of these materials to their own customers.
There is no cost associated with the ILL service.
Overdue Fees: Perth Amboy’s overdue fees of $0.10 per day for books and $2.00 per day for videos and DVDs apply to any ILL item kept out beyond the item’s due date.
Online through the the online catalog using their library card number and PIN. If a book is not available in our catalog, patrons can also put in requests through JerseyCat. Detailed instructions on this process are provided here.
Request an item in person at both Children’s and Adult’s Circulation desks.
Call the Library at 732-826-2600.
Using

########
Rank: 15
Score: 36.894245
Retrieved Text: If you can’t find what you’re looking for at our library we would be happy to request material from another great library in Alaska. There are a couple of ways to find what you need.
You can go to the Statewide Library Electronic Doorway (SLED) and search catalogs from other Alaskan libraries.
Interlibrary loan items may be checked out for two weeks and renewed once unless otherwise specified by the lending library. If an interlibrary loan item is needed for more than four weeks special arrangements may be made, depending on the item and the lending library. Interlibrary loans are subject to overdue fines as specified by the lending library.
Cordova Public Library provides interlibrary loans as a service to our patrons. Patrons are responsible for postage on out-of-state requests; interlibrary loan items will be held for 10 days. Any interlibrary loan item not claimed after 10 days will be sent back to the lending library. Patrons are responsible for costs incurred by the Cordova Public Library for overdue, lost or damaged interlibrary loans.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 36.817795
Retrieved Text: Interlibrary loan is a cooperative arrangement with other libraries that enables us to make available to you items not in the Law Library collection. Once a request for material is received, a search is conducted to find the nearest participating library with the item.
Interlibrary loan privileges are extended to current students, faculty, and staff.
The first step you must take before requesting material on interlibrary loan is to make sure the item is not a part of the Law Library collection. You do this by thoroughly checking the online catalog, MELcat . Next, check the item's availability through full text electronic databases such as Hein Online. If you're unsure of how to use these resources, please ask.
The time taken for an interlibrary loan item to arrive depends on the difficulty of the request and how close the lending library is to the Law School. Most items arrive within five to ten days. If it becomes necessary to have a library outside of New England fill the request, it may take two weeks or longer.
You will receive a notice of the arrival of interlibrary loan material via email or the material may be placed in your mail slot. Journal articles will be emailed or placed in your mail slot.
Books may be picked up on the wooden book cart just outside Kathy Fletcher's office door. Books should be returned to the same wooden cart on the lower shelf. Please do not remove the ILL book band or sticker.
Interlibrary loan books from other libraries are already "checked out" so, you

########
Rank: 17
Score: 36.701447
Retrieved Text: The State Library of Louisiana lends materials to public, academic and special libraries through interlibrary loan. Libraries that qualify for the service must be administered by a librarian or the equivalent, be organized to perform conventional library services, including circulation control, and must lend to other libraries. Loans are restricted to libraries in educational institutions above secondary level. All requests for materials must be made electronically by OCLC or Loan Shark (Louisiana statewide interlibrary loan system for public libraries), or on approved interlibrary loan forms. Requesting libraries must comply with ALA National Interlibrary Loan Code (1994), the Louisiana Interlibrary Loan Code (adopted 1998), and all copyright regulations.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 36.661854
Retrieved Text: Comply with Colorado Library Law rules and regulations, and any other local, Colorado, or federal laws that affect library operations.
Have dedicated space that meets the criteria of the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA) applicable to libraries.
Have a “Library Governing Authority”or “Governing Authority” submit statistical data for the Public Library Annual Report in a timely manner.
Provide free access to basic services as defined by written policies regarding lending, borrowing, and circulation services as approved by the library’s Governing Authority.
Have paid staff present during all hours of service. Pay of staff must be based on cost of living standards within the community.
Prepare and utilize a long-range strategic plan for continuing improvement.
Have an ongoing collections budget from local tax funds and a collection management plan for the purchase of materials and electronic access.
Provide at least one device with public access to the Internet, a printer, an email address, a website, an online information catalog, and databases.
Be open to the public a minimum of 20 hours each week. These hours will include morning, afternoon, evening, and/or weekend hours based on users’ and potential users’ disposable time. All service outlets of libraries providing multiple access points must be open to the public for no fewer than 20 hours a week.
Be a member and fully participate in the Colorado Libraries Collaborate (CLC) program, extending privileges and services to state residents according to the CLC agreement.
Comply with the Interlibrary Loan Code for the United States and adopt the Colorado Interlibrary Loan Best Practices lending and borrowing materials through the statewide interlibrary loan network

########
Rank: 19
Score: 36.55275
Retrieved Text: Interlibrary Loan (ILL) is a borrowing privilege available through the library for those with a valid KCLS library card. This service allows customers to borrow materials or copies of articles that are not available though our regular library catalog from other libraries including public and academic libraries.
KPL customers who use interlibrary loan must be a registered borrower in good standing at KPL who reside or own property in Kenosha County. Customers from other Wisconsin counties are no longer permitted to submit interlibrary loan requests through KPL. Users from another county should submit their interlibrary loan requests through their local library.
Requests for ILL can be submitted in person at any Information Desk or by calling (262) 564-6130. You can also use WisCat, the shared interlibrary loan network with access to library materials in Wisconsin, Minnesota, and the Dakotas. WisCat allows a simple or advanced search and an easy to use request interface.
Requests for items that are held in our library catalog will be converted to local holds.
The charge for overdue ILL materials is $1.00 per day.
Interlibrary loan items cannot be renewed.
You will be notified when your item is available.
Delivery of Interlibrary loan items can take from 1-8 weeks, depending on the location of the item, its availability at the lending library and the lending library’s response time. Some items may not be available for borrowing. Allow adequate lead-time if you need your material by a certain date when making a request. ILL staff will notify you if your request cannot be borrowed. Please call Interlibrary Loan at

########
Rank: 20
Score: 36.52743
Retrieved Text: Q. Does your library have information on the Reading Artistic Glass works?
Thanks for contacting the Rakow Library. We have a small amount of information about Reading Artistic Glass which operated from 1884 to 1886. Attached is a bibliography of articles that I found which have photos of some of their glass.
If you wish to obtain copies of any of the items in our list, please contact your local library. Additionally, the Rakow Research Library is a member of the Online Computer Library Center (OCLC); your library can contact us through OCLC or they may mail an Interlibrary Loan form to us. You may request up to five items at a time. We send photocopies of articles and microfiche copies of our books (if they have been microfilmed) through Interlibrary Loan for four weeks use. Please don’t hesitate to contact us with any additional questions.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 36.412144
Retrieved Text: The purpose of ILL is to obtain, upon request of a library user, material not available in the user's local library. The Interlibrary Loan Code of the United States and the Explanatory Supplement establish guidelines that facilitate the requesting of materials by a library and the provision of loans or copies in response to those requests.
Consortial Borrowing: A library consortium is a group of libraries who partner to coordinate activities, share resources and combine expertise. ILL is the most common form of cooperation. However, consortia can grow beyond a simple interlibrary loan agreement. Many consortia have developed Integrated Library Systems (ILS). In Maine, there are four ILS-based consortia: Minerva, URSUS, MILS and Balsam which all feed into MaineCat. Borrowing and lending policies are set by the members of each consortium. Because these libraries share a catalog, patrons can directly request materials in the catalog and any library in the consortium can fill that request.
The Statewide Interlibrary Loan (ILL) Van Delivery Service (searchable participant list) is a voluntary service where participating libraries use a courier to deliver library books and materials to facilitate interlibrary lending and borrowing throughout the State of Maine.
Who Loans What is a list of libraries in Maine accepting Interlibrary loan requests via email and any particular regulations they have for submission. This list is provided as a service to librarians and should only be used between participating libraries. Join or edit "Who Loans What".
MEFIND-L was created in response to requests from libraries wishing a medium for broadcast ILL requesting. It is used principally

########
Rank: 22
Score: 36.36439
Retrieved Text: Any current Providence College student, faculty or staff who is a library borrower in good standing may request materials through interlibrary loan. Requests require from one day to one month to fill, depending upon various factors. In most cases there is no charge to the patron.
The Phillips Memorial Library is now using WorldCat Discovery, which makes placing an interlibrary loan easy.
If you know the title of your book or article but do not want to search for it first, you can complete a Request Form directly.
You will be notified when the item arrives or contacted if we need more information or are unable to obtain a copy for you. You can track the progress of your requests by logging into your account.
The interlibrary loan staff reserve the right to limit the number of requests that will be processed in one day. Please prioritize your requests.
The Phillips Memorial Library is obligated to respect the restrictions and due dates of the lending library.
The Phillips Memorial Library lends items to patrons at other, non-HELIN institutions only through interlibrary loan. Any books in our main circulating collection are available for interlibrary loan at no charge. Special Collections material, DVDs and other media, and articles from online journals with license restrictions are not available for interlibrary loan.
The interlibrary loan staff will comply with federal and state laws, guidelines, and regulations pertaining to interlibrary loan, including the Interlibrary Loan Code for the United States, 2016. The Copyright Law of the United States (Title 17, United States Code) governs the making of photocopies

########
Rank: 23
Score: 36.27295
Retrieved Text: This code is a voluntary agreement adopted by the North Carolina Library Association to govern interlibrary lending among libraries in North Carolina. Interlibrary loan is a privilege and should serve as an adjunct to, not a substitute for, collection development.
Titles in current and/or recurring demand.
A large number of items for one person at any one time.
Titles already owned unless the items are missing.
Materials for reserve or multiple copies for use in a class.
Material in high demand at the lending library.
Material with local circulation restrictions.
Unique material that would be difficult or impossible to replace.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 36.147385
Retrieved Text: Interlibrary loan requests from non-KICNET libraries may be placed through SCKLS. Shipping will be direct between lending and borrowing locations. Contact Katherine Williams for your institution’s login information.
These instructions are for SCKLS member librarians ONLY - individual patrons must contact their local library to place a request.
http://ksuc-agent.auto-graphics.com/mvc?cid=ksuc&lid=KKJ&reset=force. You may wish to create a desktop shortcut to this site.
Perform your search on the Advanced Search page.
When you find the item to request for your patron, click on the format you need, then click the "Request This Item Button." A request form window will open.
In the request window, verify that this is the correct item. Your library contact information will be automatically filled in, but you need to put your COMPLETE shipping address into the borrower's notes field.
Click Submit. Print the completed request form, write your patron's name and contact information on it, and file with your other pending ILL requests.
The request will be routed through SCKLS, and will be filled by the first lender at which the item is available.
When you receive the requested item at your library, fill out the Interlibrary Loan Items Received Form, indicating your library name and the Request Number and Title for each item. Click on submit and the form will be sent to SCKLS. To report more than three items received at a time, you will have to fill out an additional form.
When you return an interlibrary loan item back to a lending library, fill out the Interlibrary Loan Items Returned Form. Enter your library name and the Request Number and

########
Rank: 25
Score: 36.143517
Retrieved Text: Notes on the Library&apos;s Interlibrary Services.
Interlibrary Loan - is available to all registered library patrons. If the library does not have a required item, then an interlibrary loan request should made via the form below. You will be notified by a library staff member when an ILL request has been made and when it arrives at the library.
Before placing a loan or copy request, please verify that the item in question is not already located in the Corrigan Memorial Library&apos;s Collection. Please check the library catalog.
Depending on the location of the lending library, patrons should allow a minimum of one to two weeks to obtain an item.
If a patron wishes to renew an interlibrary loan, he or she must inform the librarian one week before the item is due so the librarian may secure permission from the lending library.
The patron must see that the item is returned to the Corrigan Memorial Library (NOT the lending library) by the due date.
All book and multimedia loans should be picked up and dropped off at the front desk in the library. All physical ILLs should be handed back or left on the circulation desk for the staff. Please don&apos;t put the ILL items in the book drop. Copies requests will be emailed to the patron in the form of a PDF (From the email provided in the ILL for below).
Requesting Non-Circulating Materials - Reference, Periodicals, and Rare Books requests may only be made in the form of scans because these materials are not typically lent out by libraries. It

########
Rank: 26
Score: 36.098495
Retrieved Text: The purpose of interlibrary and intercollege loans is to expand the range of materials available to library users. It should be in addition to, not a substitute for, a collection development program that is based on the needs of the library's service area. When resources within the library have been exhausted and requests for loans have been made, the following guidelines shall be enforced. These guidelines are based upon the National Interlibrary Loan Code for the United States, 2001, which is endorsed by the American Library Association and the AMIGOS Interlibrary Loan Code.
An interlibrary/intercollege loan is a transaction in which library material, or a copy of the material, is made available by one library to another upon request.
Requests for materials will be accepted electronically, via mail, or in person through hand-carried interlibrary loan forms completed by the requesting library.
Copies of portions of reference materials and periodicals may also be provided.
Each library reserves the right to determine whether a particular item should or should not be loaned, and whether the original or a copy should be provided.
Notifying the borrowing library when unable to fill requests and stating the reason for not loaning the materials.
Surveying each item for damages before the material is sent to the borrowing library. Damages, if any, should be noted and the borrowing library informed of the same.
Surveying each item for damages before giving the material to the requestor. Any damages noted will be promptly reported to the lending library.
Ensuring the safety of interlibrary/intercollege loan items from the time the material leaves the lending

########
Rank: 27
Score: 36.05535
Retrieved Text: Are you looking for something we don’t have? We can get it for you! We can access all kinds of materials from other libraries through Interlibrary Loan. Watch a short video to learn how to borrow materials from other libraries using CSU+ and ILL.
CSU+ allows you to borrow books and media from all of the California State University libraries, with fast delivery, no late fees, and borrowing periods up to 60 days. You can search all of the CSU libraries using OneSearch and easily place requests directly by clicking the Request link. Most materials will be received in just a few days.
CSU+ also allows you to visit any CSU library and check out materials as a visiting patron. All you need is your SSU ID!
Interlibrary Loan (ILL) provides access to articles, books, media, and more from libraries around the world when those items aren’t available at SSU. ILL is the only way to request articles and single book chapters. Book and media requests should go through ILL when they are not available from any CSU library.
Who is eligible for CSU+ and Interlibrary Loan?
Current SSU students, faculty, and staff, and emeritus faculty are all welcome to use CSU+ and Interlibrary Loan.
Community Borrowers and SSU alumni should ask at their local public library about interlibrary loan options.
How do I place requests?
Check OneSearch to find books, articles, media, and more. If what you're looking for is not available at SSU, you'll see options for requesting from CSU+ or Interlibrary Loan. CSU+ requests can be placed directly in OneSearch; clicking

########
Rank: 28
Score: 36.054462
Retrieved Text: The Institute’s interlibrary loan service allows you to borrow books and articles from other libraries.
Interlibrary loan borrowing and document delivery services are limited to current students, faculty, and staff. Books generally take from five to 10 working days to arrive; articles from 24 hours to 10 working days.
Requests for loans are limited to materials that the library does not own. Loan periods are determined by the lending library. The Institute will not provide required course books for students through interlibrary loan. Borrowers will be notified by email when a requested item has arrived for pick up. Articles will be delivered via email in PDF format.
To request or renew a book or an article, or to check the status of a request, use your interlibrary loan account. A request is not closed until the returnable item has been delivered to the Institute’s William Tell Coleman Library for return to the lending library.
Set up your interlibrary loan account.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 35.870594
Retrieved Text: Interlibrary Loan is a service that Phillipsburg Public Library offers when the Library’s collection does not have the material you need.
After checking the PFPL catalog and not locating the item you need, you can request an item through interlibrary loan. Call the library at 908-454-3712 and ask for the reference department, and we will be happy to process your loan.
You can also submit an interlibrary loan request directly, through the JerseyCat statewide catalog. You will need your library card to submit an online request.
We cannot process interlibrary loans on titles that we own, or on new titles (six months old or newer). If the item you want to read is too new to borrow from another library, you can submit a suggestion for purchase, and we will do our best to buy the item, if it is within our budget and within the scope of our collection.
Very occasionally, a lending library may charge a fee for an interlibrary loan. We will not process such a request without your approval.

================



======= Instance Index 484 =========
Input Text: The word "closure" has multiple meanings. Does it have the same meaning in sentences 1 and 2? Yes or no?

Sentence 1: They regretted the closure of the day care center.
Sentence 2: He needed to grieve before he could achieve a sense of closure.

Target Text: No

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 44.772446
Retrieved Text: What is the meaning of resolution?
The ability of a microscope or telescope to measure the angular separation of images that are close together.
Finding a solution to a problem.
usage: "they finally reached a settlement with the union"; "they never did achieve a final resolution of their differences"; "he needed to grieve before he could achieve a sense of closure"
usage: "they were trying to find a peaceful solution"; "the answers were in the back of the book"; "he computed the result to four decimal places"
A decision to do something or to behave in a certain manner.
usage: "he always wrote down his New Year's resolutions"
Chicago WordNet. 2010. "resolution" http://smartdefine.org/resolution/definitions/1189246 (accessed April 22, 2019).
Harvard WordNet 2010, resolution, Smart Define, viewed 22 April, 2019, <http://smartdefine.org/resolution/definitions/1189246>.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 41.26257
Retrieved Text: 1. The act of closing or the state of being closed: closure of an incision.
2. Something that closes or shuts.
a. A bringing to an end; a conclusion: finally brought the project to closure.
b. A feeling of finality or resolution, especially after a traumatic experience: sought closure in returning to the scene of the accident.
5. The property of being mathematically closed.
1. the act of closing; the state of being closed.
2. a bringing to an end; conclusion.
3. something that closes or shuts.
4. a blockage of the flow of air by contact between vocal organs in producing a sound.
6. the property of being closed with respect to a particular mathematical operation.
a. the tendency to see an entire figure even though the picture of it is incomplete, based primarily on the viewer's past experience.
b. a sense of certainty or completeness: a need for closure.
8. Obs. something that encloses; enclosure.
The closing of a surgical incision immediately after surgery.
Noun 1. closure - approaching a particular destination; a coming closer; a narrowing of a gap; "the ship's rapid rate of closing gave them little time to avoid a collision"
coming, approach, approaching - the act of drawing spatially closer to something; "the hunter's approach scattered the geese"
4. closure - something settled or resolved; the outcome of decision making; "they finally reached a settlement with the union"; "they never did achieve a final resolution of their differences"; "he needed to grieve before he could achieve a sense of closure"
5. closure - an obstruction in a pipe or tube; "we had to call a plumber to

########
Rank: 2
Score: 39.577232
Retrieved Text: settlement: something settled or resolved; the outcome of decision making; "they finally reached a settlement with the union"; "they never did achieve a final resolution of their differences"; "he needed to grieve before he could achieve a sense of closure"
Resolution is the tenth studio album by southern rock band 38 Special, released in 1997. It was their first album since their ninth album Bone Against Steel in 1991 before reforming in 1996.
Resolution is a 2006 album by instrumental rock solo artist Andy Timmons.
Resolution is the BoDeans' 7'th full length studio album. It was released on June 22, 2004, and was commonly known as, "The first new record in 8 years."
(Resolutions) A formal decision taken by the Governing Body and recorded in the minutes.
(Resolutions) A list of items that shareholders vote for or against at the Annual General Meeting.
(Resolutions) An adopted motion approving an action or policy for that governing body.
(Resolutions) deal with matters concerning either house alone and are taken up by that house. Significant because they are used to create new rules or amend old rules.
(Resolve) To successfully map a domain name to its corresponding IP address by way of name servers.
(resolve) Translate an Internet name into its equivalent IP address or other DNS information.
(RESOLVE) A national organization devoted to education and advocacy about infertility.
(Resolve) A WS-Discovery message, as defined in [WS-Discovery1.1].

########
Rank: 3
Score: 31.446857
Retrieved Text: Just driving when Smoke Robinson came on the radio with “Tears of a Clown”.
I felt like he was singing to me and I just had to pull over. I just finished a presentation for work, a group of about 15. It went very well. Everyone laughed and complimented when the presentation was over – I was professional and effective. I made them laugh. I played the clown. Now, I am in the car on the side of the road, crying. But it’s OK, I needed this cry – and I am going to wipe off my face and drive on.
Yes, thank you – I believe in signs. I do believe there is communication and the love is always finding a way through.
I worked as a hospice nurse for many years. Death and dying have always been a part of my life. I think you are doing such a wise thing–using writing as a tool for bereavement. I recently lost my mother and it brought home to me that we each grieve in our own way and we are alone in walking that path. One point–the idea of “closure” is a myth. Your son and his loss will always be a part of your life. So sorry you have to go through this.
Thank you so much for your kind understanding. I am sorry for you loss too. Yes, I believe you are right, no closure – but I could never close the door on loving him – so that makes sense.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 29.332901
Retrieved Text: There are no rules to how each of us will grieve or what we should do to continue to live each day without our precious children. We all face the most shocking event in our own way, I stood still, I looked the horror of grief in the face and I was broken. Bodie’s Dad faced his grief with activity, he did not stand still, in fact he did everything he could to not stand still. He grieved by moving, by honouring, by talking and by setting up the Bodie Hodges Foundation. As a couple we somehow managed to respect how we both needed to grieve and support each other with the space we needed to grieve in our own way.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 29.112862
Retrieved Text: Life is filled with beginnings and endings.
But before we can begin a new phase in life, we must get closure on the old.
Many of life's experiences call for closure. With closure comes a sense of completion to help us move toward new beginnings.
Completion doesn't necessarily mean finality. It is a transition. It is an acknowledgment that a change has taken place.
Why do we seek closure? Because we want an understanding of what happened. We want to know what we did or did not do. We want to tie up loose endings or sever the ties that bind. We may want to honor the ending of a certain phase of life.
Actually, we don't seek closure. We create it.
We create closure because of our desire to emotionally lay to rest feelings and issues that may be holding us back.
What happens when we cannot achieve closure? We are left to grieve, to pine for the past, and to hold onto connections with others that no longer serve us.
But all is not lost. We can still create a sense of completion in ways that allow us to consciously honor and release an experience so that we can move forward.
We do this by first defining any loose ends. What residual emotions are lingering inside that are preventing you from moving on? Usually it is some form of anger or guilt.
Give expression to those feelings in a constructive way. See them as a necessary step on your life's path. Acknowledging these feelings sets the stage for letting go of them.
Send forgiveness with

########
Rank: 6
Score: 28.957584
Retrieved Text: 1. The act of closing or the state of being closed: closure of an incision.
2. Something that closes or shuts.
a. A bringing to an end; a conclusion: finally brought the project to closure.
b. A feeling of finality or resolution, especially after a traumatic experience: sought closure in returning to the scene of the accident.
5. The property of being mathematically closed.
1. the act of closing; the state of being closed.
2. a bringing to an end; conclusion.
3. something that closes or shuts.
4. a blockage of the flow of air by contact between vocal organs in producing a sound.
6. the property of being closed with respect to a particular mathematical operation.
a. the tendency to see an entire figure even though the picture of it is incomplete, based primarily on the viewer's past experience.
b. a sense of certainty or completeness: a need for closure.
8. Obs. something that encloses; enclosure.
The closing of a surgical incision immediately after surgery.
Noun 1. closure - approaching a particular destination; a coming closer; a narrowing of a gap; "the ship's rapid rate of closing gave them little time to avoid a collision"
coming, approach, approaching - the act of drawing spatially closer to something; "the hunter's approach scattered the geese"
4. closure - something settled or resolved; the outcome of decision making; "they finally reached a settlement with the union"; "they never did achieve a final resolution of their differences"; "he needed to grieve before he could achieve a sense of closure"
5. closure - an obstruction in a pipe or tube; "we had to call a plumber to

########
Rank: 7
Score: 27.321236
Retrieved Text: Rapper Andy Mineo says his mother’s battle with cancer has come to an end.
“This past Tuesday my mother, Fran Mineo, passed away,” he wrote on Instagram alongside a photo of his mother taken before her cancer diagnosis.
The 30 year old revealed that he had the gift of “sitting by her bedside as she passed” in Chicago last week. He recalled holding, praying for her and reading her scripture before she died.
“My family and I have been grieving her loss this week together in Chicago. We’ve wept from our souls. We have laughed remembering her, told countless stories, looked at pictures and held each other when we needed it,” Mineo continued.
Mineo concluded his post by asking his fans to give his family time to heal as they grieve.
“I appreciate the space people have given my family and I in this time. I’ve had new music getting ready to come out and a fall tour in motion — my team will be running my socials for a while to keep you guys updated about those things while I take time to grieve. I appreciate all of you,” he ended.
In June, Mineo disclosed on Instagram that he first found out about his mother’s cancer in November 2017. Although the Reach Records artist is active on social media, he kept his mother’s battle with leukemia private during that time.
The death of his mother comes at a trying time in Mineo’s life, as he’s been struggling with depression and doubt, which he shared on his EP, The Arrow.
“If you wondered where

########
Rank: 8
Score: 26.531912
Retrieved Text: Steven Walsh was more than a death certificate, Steve was bigger than life.
I knew this day was coming, I have been battling to keep him alive for the past 5 years. I went on the roller coaster ride of his life, as a mother, it is your job to keep your children safe.
I realized that night that my life has forever changed. I have spent the last 5 years with only one goal. Keeping him alive. I have neglected my family, my home, my job, my friends and myself.
Steve loved, passionately. If you were his friend, you were his friend. It didn't matter what color you were, what sexual preference you had, what you did for a living. He loved you.
His legacy is that everyone is different, everyone has a worth and everyone was worthy of love. Period.
I grieve for my son, I grieve for his friends, his children, but mostly I grieve for what he could have been.
Steve was more than just a bipolar drug addict. He was my son. He was a brother, a father, a friend. He was a fellow human that felt pain and happiness and he was too much for this world.
Your energy is back to the cosmos, Steve. Fly free. Rest your head and feel the love you have left behind.
Steve had been off and on heroin for years, he would get off of it and then something would happen and right back to it he ran. His last few months alive, he overdosed multiple times, barely surviving each one.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 25.941978
Retrieved Text: In celebration, not mourning. In tribute to a man whose intention was clear, stated publicly for all to bear witness eons before it was executed.
His family and friends may grieve their loss, but he is finally there, away from where he didn’t want to be anymore.
That is truly something to celebrate — that and a legacy worth talking about. The pain notwithstanding, it’s an accomplishment, a final goodbye on one’s terms.
If only each of us could achieve a fraction of this.
To escape one’s dungeon is a wonderful thing.
Who dares judge the manner in which a person chooses to put an end to his or her suffering; who but the accomplices to one’s torment?
Blessed are those who live and perish in ways that fulfil them.
May the living honor them not just with sorrow, but with a cheer.
And those who bring judgment to a funeral, theirs is not the final word.
Blessed are those who tear down the walls.
Dive is crystal waters, hold a shiny pearl.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 25.871698
Retrieved Text: In Season 2 Episode 12 “Randall’s New Job” there is a flashback of the family taking a trip to the mall. Kate needs a dress for a dance coming up, Jack and Kevin need new suits, and Randall wants to ask a girl who works there to the dance. As Jack and Kevin and shopping together they run into Miguel who shares that his ex wife got engaged last night and he is doing some retail therapy. Jack tries to encourage him push him out of his bad mood. Kevin and Miguel then start to give Jack a hard time for his sunshiny attitude. We see this mindset in Jack a lot. He often comes across as the fun parent and can sometimes avoid order or structure in the home, but he also doesn’t like for Rebecca or the kids to have negative emotions. When any of the kids feelings are hurt he quickly takes on the role of cheering them up. Now that Kevin is old enough to have his own opinions on this he, along with Miguel, share that he finds this annoying. Jack then tries to prove to them that he can wallow and they decide to go eat at the food court together. We can still tell that Jack is uncomfortable sitting in the complaints and unhappiness with them.
While having someone around that can always see the good in things is a real bonus in life there is also value in having someone who can sit in your sadness with you. Culturally,

########
Rank: 11
Score: 25.848907
Retrieved Text: S: (n) conclusion, end, close, closing, ending (the last section of a communication) "in conclusion I want to say..."
S: (n) closing, closure (approaching a particular destination; a coming closer; a narrowing of a gap) "the ship's rapid rate of closing gave them little time to avoid a collision"
S: (n) closure, closedown, closing, shutdown (termination of operations) "they regretted the closure of the day care center"
S: (v) close, shut (move so that an opening or passage is obstructed; make shut) "Close the door"; "shut the window"
S: (v) close, shut (become closed) "The windows closed with a loud bang"
S: (v) close up, close, fold, shut down, close down (cease to operate or cause to cease operating) "The owners decided to move and to close the factory"; "My business closes every night at 8 P.M."; "close up the shop"
S: (v) close (finish or terminate (meetings, speeches, etc.)) "The meeting was closed with a charge by the chairman of the board"
S: (v) conclude, close (come to a close) "The concert closed with a nocturne by Chopin"
S: (v) close (complete a business deal, negotiation, or an agreement) "We closed on the house on Friday"; "They closed the deal on the building"
S: (v) close (be priced or listed when trading stops) "The stock market closed high this Friday"; "My new stocks closed at $59 last night"
S: (v) close (engage at close quarters) "close with the enemy"
S: (v) close (draw near) "The probe closed with the space station"
S: (v) close (bring together all the elements or parts of) "Management closed ranks"
S: (v) close

########
Rank: 12
Score: 25.800749
Retrieved Text: To follow up on my closure to Truth of EU’s Trap Revealed, the former attorney general, ‘Dominic Grieve, led a successful plot by 25 Tory Remainers to give MPs the right to dictate a “plan B” to Mrs May if she loses the Brexit deal vote’, so writes political editor Gordon Raynor towards the close of content to this morning’s banner headline The day May lost control.
‘Mr Grieve suggested that MPs would now be able to force a second referendum. He said: “Parliament has asserted its sovereignty to ensure that amendments – such as for a People’s Vote – can be made to any motion if or when the Government’s proposed deal for leaving the EU has been defeated.
We learned this person fulfilled within days Veronika West’s prophetic word on betrayal within government by his public exposure of being in cahoots with EU leaders.
Watchers of political events know that Grieve’s long been working to reverse the results of the 2016 EU referendum by holding a so-called peoples’ vote – which is exactly what that referendum was anyway!
But now he’s abdicating all democratically designed responsibility. He claims we, the people, can sort out the sheer, shambolic mess politicians of all shades and opinions – here in Britain and in Brussels, including himself – have made of the UK’s governing process! And there’s many with him – it beggars belief! Let’s think about it, clearly.
Even so, perhaps it would be a good thing to get rid of incompetent politicians because ordinary folk – or better still, trained Spirit-led

########
Rank: 13
Score: 25.688587
Retrieved Text: Thank you Lynn for this very timely blog. I have been grieving. Grieving for the marriage I lost, the dream, the what I thought would never happen happening. I don't think my husband understands the deep sense of loss that I have. He tries. See he was my knight in shining armor that rode in and saved me, mostly from my own destructive behaviors. He saw something in me I never saw in myself. Our relationship provided me with a self worth I had never know before and now I am so unsure of everything. I am sure most women feel the same way that I have, that their husbands would never do this to them. I grieve for the husband that I lost. I grieve for the father that my daughter lost. (She found out by accident). Working through the grief once the initial shock and pain has subsided is the struggle I was not prepared for.
Thank you for taking the time to comment. You are not alone. One thing I've been thinking about is how my husband was an important part of the healing process. Yes, your husband fell off his white horse, but I believe he could rise up and there for you again in a new way. I will be blogging about that soon. I am praying for you all and especially for you and your daughter as you grieve.
This is totally off subject, but I just love your shirt. LOL.
It was refreshing seeing this off topic post. Thanks for the smile!
I

########
Rank: 14
Score: 25.591288
Retrieved Text: Associated Press/Photo by Craig RuttleMourners attend the funeral of Newtown shooting victim Anne Marie Murphy.
There are no answers to such an event, not ones that soothe the soul. The problem is not the guns or the mental illness—it is the human condition. All the theological analysis, no matter how true, offers nothing in the moment to lift the crushed heart. It is the evil of the human heart that turned a hunting rifle toward first-graders. Thousands of years of human history tell the story of great evil in humans and the efforts to counteract it. And all the blog lessons and gun-control rants won’t change that.
We must learn to sit with tragedy, to grieve with those who grieve. All those responses, while full of grief and anger, are not with those who grieve. They are at the grieving soul. We must learn to reflect before we react. It is better to give more time to grief than less. It is empathy of the richest kind that is needed, to reflect on the needs of the family of the children. Do they need three theological observations? Do they benefit from a diatribe on mental illness or the availability of guns? No, they need those who will grieve with them, stand by them, pray silently for them. So ask yourself: Is my reaction to this tragedy for my sake or for the sake of the hurting?
Consider Jesus. At Lazarus’ tomb He wept. He wept even as He knew He would call the dead man forth. He did not

########
Rank: 15
Score: 25.45188
Retrieved Text: Veteran actor, Robin Williams was found dead in his apartment some hours ago. An autopsy is being carried out, but at this time, the death is a being ruled as a possible suicide. You might remember him from paying the lead role in the early 90s Peter Pan movie, Hook; Or his legendary role in the Drama-Comedy, Mrs. Doubtfire, from the same era. He just celebrated his 63rd birthday a few weeks ago.
Read part of the official statement on his death below.
"Robin Williams passed away this morning. He has been battling severe depression of late. This is a tragic and sudden loss. The family respectfully asks for their privacy as they grieve during this very difficult time."
"This morning, I lost my husband and my best friend, while the world lost one of its most beloved artists and beautiful human beings. I am utterly heartbroken. On behalf of Robin's family, we are asking for privacy during our time of profound grief. As he is remembered, it is our hope the focus will not be on Robin's death, but on the countless moments of joy and laughter he gave to millions."
It's actually funny that just before I saw this news, my friend and I had spent three hours talking about death, suicide, and a fulfilled life. We all come to this world to achieve a definite purpose. Some get old achieving their life purpose, while others stay for a shorter time. Some people get frustrated with life when they find it hard to make sense out of their

########
Rank: 16
Score: 25.265266
Retrieved Text: I was recently involved in relatively serious traffic violation. As a result I had police knocking at my door multiple times and were calling very frequently. My family and I were very anxious as the potential outcome could have been disastrous for my family.
I called Tom Grieve and he immediately calmed me down by fully explaining the situation I was in and took control immediately. He called the police and as a result they backed down right away.
I work 3rd shift and was worried about being able to be in contact with him when I needed to be, but Tom worked around my schedule as if he shared my hours. He was always available and always returned my calls in a timely matter. Tom is a very busy attorney and I probably called much more often than was necessary but he never acted annoyed or rushed.
With his help he walked me through everything that was in my best interest and I followed his instructions. As a result, in the end his hard work exonerated me from the charges that were leveled against me. I know that I couldn't have been his priority case but he acted as if I was. Each and every time I reached out to him he took the time to answer all of my questions.
I cannot recommend him strongly enough. I have worked with a few attorneys in the past and have been let down every time and Tom has renewed my faith in them. Tom Grieve is the first attorney I've

########
Rank: 17
Score: 24.915165
Retrieved Text: There are many kinds of grief, and bereavement is a unique form. Not only does it touch every grief we have ever experienced in our lives, every hurt, every injury, every rejection, but it also takes away the defenses we normally have in place to deal with those grief. Suddenly, and for the first time, the body is dealt a blow so critical that the child facing loss actually may become ill themselves, or even die.
Traumatic loss is so abhorrent to the mind that the child cannot cope with it. The young ego-self has suffered possibly a mortal blow, and to integrate it all at once could actually cause death.
The bereaved child may become detached from his feelings, in a sense, out of time. The worst has happened and nothing can restore a state of normalcy again. Since bereavement is a particular kind of grief, and not a mental disorder, children do not recover from it. To try, is a waste of energy, impacted by a sense of failure. It is more a process of adapting.
There is a deep sadness that accompanies living with loss. One must learn to relive without their loved one. Following this deconstruction of the original self, a new self develops – one who will always be in pain, but who does not have to suffer. The approach is to allow the child to grieve, to have the pain, to surrender to it, and not contract against it. Contraction is what causes suffering. Over time, the child integrates the loved one into

########
Rank: 18
Score: 24.815409
Retrieved Text: 105. And for the whole army, the victory was turned to mourning (2 Samuel 19:2).
No matter one’s personal situation, the leader is never not the leader. David has a right to grieve the loss of his son, but the impact of his grieving is felt across the kingdom. His successful army now watches their leader grieve their success. David’s grief cannot continue so publicly. A leader must always maintain a clear sense that his attitude reflects in and affects those he leads. If he is struggling, they will as well. If he is celebrating, they will want to rejoice too. You don’t get days off as a leader but must realize that your example will be followed on every day–even the really hard ones.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 24.804249
Retrieved Text: When selecting a lawyer to handle your family law matter, the last thing you want is someone who makes the process more difficult than it already seems. You need someone who will provide you with straightforward answers and manage your case in a professional, civilized manner.
Nicholas W. Richardson of the Law Office of Nicholas W. Richardson, P.C., has used these techniques for more than a decade to successfully resolve family law situations in Mount Prospect and Chicago’s neighboring Northwest Suburbs. By using his expertise, you get a lawyer who places your needs first and eases you through each step of the process.
In the courtroom, Attorney Richardson is known for diligently defending his clients while still maintaining a high level of professionalism and civility. With a strong knowledge of Illinois law, he possesses the know-how to efficiently move cases through the legal system, helping clients quickly achieve a sense of closure and confidence for the future.
Attorney Richardson prides himself on personally handling all situations that come his way. Since cases are never handed down to a junior associate, he consistently delivers prompt updates on your issue’s progress and chooses options that best suit your goals. Whenever necessary, he also carefully gathers additional professionals for further assistance.
Nicholas W. Richardson believes in providing quality service that leaves you comforted. He closely listens to your concerns in a calm, understanding way, which has strongly benefited clients. While his direct, honest communication is effective, he never wants you to sense a lawyer/client disconnect. He supports you at every turn.
While Attorney Richardson

########
Rank: 20
Score: 24.739826
Retrieved Text: We may believe we are rational beings, but when we look at how people react in a variety of situations, we clearly see that it is not the case! We are told that it is natural to get angry in such or such situations or that in other situations we should feel sad. In fact, our emotional reactions are mostly the result of social conditioning. One of the biggest and most pernicious lies we have been made to believe is that we should feel good when people approve of us and feel bad when people disapprove of us. Does our self-worth really depend on how people around us perceive us? Do we automatically have to feel good when people praise us and feel bad when they criticize us?
One of the best ways we can bring awareness in our life is by observing carefully how we react in our daily life. Each emotion is a opportunity for us to better understand ourselves. It is through awareness that real changes take place. For instance, observe how you react to praise. Does it make you feel good? Why? What does it tell you about yourself?
In this thought-provoking article I would like to talk about grief and challenge our common assumptions about this experience. What is grieving really about? How much grief is necessary? How much of it is the result of social conditioning? Can we lessen our sufferings?
Warning: you may find this article controversial. However, I hope that this article will offer you a different perspective on grief and

########
Rank: 21
Score: 24.69138
Retrieved Text: Little did Linda know that those words would begin her relationship with Aaron Burke, a man who had died nearly 70 years earlier. Aaron followed Linda home that day from the graveyard. As she opened herself to this ghost she learned that he was stuck in a state of limbo, unable to cross over.
Aaron had been kidnapped by his father at age four and taken from Ireland to America where he was put to work. Hardened and embittered from his childhood, he did manage to find happiness, only to have it all slip away. Shortly after witnessing his own funeral, Aaron met other ghosts waiting for the time they could finally leave this state of limbo. Yet for decades he could only watch as the people he knew both in life and death crossed over, leaving him behind.
Working together to find the closure Aaron needed, he and Linda became friends along the journey. Years after that first meeting and his subsequent crossing, Aaron returned to share the full story of his life--and afterlife--with Linda.
This true ghost story gives hope and inspiration to all of us. Aaron shows us that, when seen as the big picture, everything makes sense. Aaron's Crossing sheds light on the mystery of dying, reassuring us that death is never the end of the story!

########
Rank: 22
Score: 24.567072
Retrieved Text: Sidmouth is expected to come to a standstill as part of a people’s march to mark 100 years since the end of World War One.
Organisers are trying to secure a road closure for the event on November 9, which will see the crowd march from the high street to the seafront before 11am.
Their vision is to have the procession led by Sidmouth’s next generation, with youngsters from the area’s primary school and Sidmouth College being invited to take part. The rest of the community will then be invited to join behind and are encouraged to bring wreaths, posies or messages to lay by the railings.
Edward Willis-Fleming, of Sidmouth Design, said he felt the town needed to do something to mark the 100th anniversary.
He said: “It’s about ordinary people expressing their gratitude for the sacrifices made.
“I’d like to think people will shut their shops for the moment and come out wearing their aprons or whatever you happen to be wearing for work and join behind the procession, carrying a wreath or a memento to lay at the seafront.
He added if a road closure could not be obtained, the march could walk to the seafront and congregate for the service.
Sidmouth Town Council and the town’s chamber of commerce have offered their support.
Dave O’Connor, chairman of the Sidmouth branch of the legion, said if the road closure can be secure the event will be a ‘good thing’ for the town in the run up to Remembrance Sunday.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 24.463018
Retrieved Text: MP and former Attorney General Dominic Grieve has lost a vote of no-confidence by local Conservatives.
It followed a "robust discussion" about Brexit by party association members in Beaconsfield, Buckinghamshire.
Mr Grieve has been a prominent campaigner for another referendum on the UK leaving the European Union.
He said he had no intention of standing down but would now need to ask the local association to reselect him as a candidate in the next general election.
Conservative Party chairman Brandon Lewis said the vote - passed by 182 to 131 - had no formal standing under party rules.
He said: "Dominic is somebody who has contributed to Parliament, is a clear strong Conservative and he is an asset to the party."
Opposition to him is reported to have been organised by a former UKIP candidate, and more than 38,000 people have signed an online petition calling for his de-selection.
Beaconsfield Constituency Conservative Association chairman Jackson Ng said: "Our members had a robust discussion with Mr Grieve on Brexit before voting on a motion of confidence in him as our MP, which, I can confirm with a heavy heart that he failed to retain.
It came just hours after the Prime Minister's Brexit deal was voted down by MPs for the third time.
A number of Conservative MPs swiftly criticised the no confidence vote.
Former Tory MP Anna Soubry, who defected to join the Independent Group, branded the vote "disgraceful".
Labour MP Stella Creasy said: "We disagree on many things. I doubt Beaconsfield conservatives could find someone more experienced, more capable and more principled than him for their

########
Rank: 24
Score: 24.433498
Retrieved Text: those who lost their lives on Sept. 11, 2001. The 5k is in honor of Travis Manion. Manion died Apr. 29, 2007 in Afghanistan from a sniper attack.
Jordan Denby, 23, is a firefighter from Jacksonville, and was 19 years old when he ran in his first Heroes Run 5k. His adopted dad, Brien Marx, is a firefighter, and after running in the 5k, Denby knew he wanted to follow in his footsteps.
This year, Denby decided to run the race in his bunker pants and with a full air tank. The pants and air tank added 30 pounds to his weight.
Although he was only six years old when Sept. 11 happened, he knew he wanted to be a first-responder when he grew up.
Every day, first-responders, like Denby, risk making the ultimate sacrifice. On Sept. 11, 343 first-responders made that sacrifice. Their families were left to grieve and honor their loved ones in their own ways.
Valerie Gambino walked the 5k while holding the Flag of Heroes. The flag has every first-responders’ name who died on Sept. 11. Gambino’s Brother, Thomas Gambino Jr., died while responding in the South Tower. He was with Rescue Three in the Bronx, and the last call the station received from him was on the 78th floor.
During the 11th anniversary of Sept. 11, Gambino got involved with veteran group, Project Hero, and participated in a cycling ride in New York. The cycling group rode the entirety of Long Island and ended at Ground Zero.
The group had a wreath laying ceremony for the first responders,

########
Rank: 25
Score: 24.132685
Retrieved Text: Rob Grieve enters his first season at Arkansas Tech, joining the women’s basketball staff as assistant coach.
Before coming to Arkansas Tech, Grieve spent one year as the video coordinator for Marshall’s women’s basketball team in Huntington, W.V. His duties included film exchange and breakdown, opponent scouting, creating highlights and supervising student managers.
Grieve also spent nine years coaching basketball in Australia, including six years with the Bulleen Boomers Basketball Club. Grieve served various roles with the club, including head coach of both men’s and women’s teams. He led the U14-1 women’s team to two gold medals in the national classic, and we was named Club Coach of the Year three times. In his final season with the basketball club, Grieve coached the U16-1 men’s team to a regular-season championship, final four appearance and silver medal in the national classic.
Grieve graduated with his bachelor’s degree in Laws/International Relations from LaTrobe University in Melbourne, Australia in 2013, where he also received a Diploma in Languages in 2010.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 24.062593
Retrieved Text: Do Not Quench the Spirit: We are commanded to “not quench the Spirit”. As we will see, today’s and tomorrow’s posts are closely tied together as the next several verses tell us how we quench the Spirit, but before we get to those specifics let us look at our relationship with the Holy Spirit.
It is not Jesus that we ask to live in our hearts, you know! When we repent of our sin and place our faith in Christ we are indwelt by the Holy Spirit. He lives in us and through us, bears witness to our spirit that we are children of God, and enables us to cry out, “Abba, Father” when we approach God with humility and love.
Where would we be without the Holy Spirit? Lost. Alone. Hopeless! But beyond Who the Holy Spirit is and what He does for us, we must approach this passage and ask a question – why is it that we are to not quench the Holy Spirit?
“And do not grieve the Holy Spirit of God, by whom you were sealed for the day of redemption.” (Ephesians 4:30) We must not quench the Spirit, and neither should we grieve Him.
Were you aware that God could be grieved? We know that Jesus wept. And we see illustrations of the emotions of God throughout the Scripture as He is angry, forgives, shows mercy, has compassion, loves, and judges. Not that He is moody, but He is a rational Being and He can be grieved by His people’s sin. In this context,

########
Rank: 27
Score: 23.80442
Retrieved Text: When my mum died at 50, I was 18 years old. And I was a young 18-year-old. I’d never been one of those streetwise teenagers, out ’til god knows, doing god knows what. I was still very much cocooned in the comfy warmth of family life. Two parents who loved each other and three kids who were loved by them just as much. Then one day, it was taken away, just like that. Ovarian cancer in our case, dubbed “the silent killer” due to its ability to stay undetected for months. That was nearly 18 years ago. Now, and my memories of that time are strangely muted, as if painted in dull, washed-out colours rather than the rich, vibrant hues I picture when I look back on other times of my life.
After 18 years of being told what to do, with every minute of my life scheduled between classes, music lessons, hockey practice and everything else, suddenly there was nothing. No school and no mum. My dad and I were – and still are – very close. With my older siblings away at university we seemed to suddenly form an incredibly well-oiled two-man team. We had the weekly shop down to a fine art. We’d go to parties thrown by family friends and make all the right noises as we’d hear them all remark “how well you’re all doing, despite everything.” We carried on living as ‘normally’ as we could.
I don’t mean I wasn’t upset, of course I was. But I remember just feeling numb –

########
Rank: 28
Score: 23.776669
Retrieved Text: Reference the three letters attacking Dominic Grieve MP in the March 22 edition of the Bucks Free Press.
The man in question is a sensible, thoughtful MP who has a conscience. His position on leaving the EU was well-known even before the referendum and subsequent general election – in which he was re-elected, by the way. He sees leaving as a massively destructive step to the UK, resulting in our isolation, loss of power and influence at the top table of 28 nations and larger barriers in regard to free trade in the future and his efforts to prevent our leaving are perfectly understandable.
The good thing about the leave fantasy is that very soon, all the benefits will arrive, such as funding by the EU of mutually beneficial health and science projects starting to dry up. Hold ups at the borders affecting deliveries of fresh food and fruit, no benefits to Japanese car makers building here for export to Europe.
Loss of skilled workers from the EU damaging the health service, hospitability, construction etc. – many of these things happening already. Perhaps Mr Grieve found it difficult to understand why the UK should leave one of the largest free trade areas in the world, to do what exactly?
As the myth of “they need us more than we need them” explodes, the fun will start.
Your correspondents on the letters page on March 22 seem to have ignored the fact that Dominic Grieve is the representative of his constituents and not their delegate.
He is expected to vote in Parliament in

########
Rank: 29
Score: 23.722168
Retrieved Text: How did you feel when you heard the autism diagnosis? What ran through your head as the doctor uttered those life changing words? If your doctor was like ours who gave the diagnosis then he probably didn’t leave you a whole lot of hope for the future. Did you feel alone and isolated like the world had stopped?
I recently asked in a Facebook group I admin, Special Needs Homeschooling, this exact question. I knew how I felt when the doctor told me but I wanted to know what the general consensus was among special needs parents. There answers were not surprising but a bit eye opening.
Do you see a trend here? It’s quite common to feel guilt, anxiety and fear when you hear the official diagnosis even if you are expecting it. You grieve for the child you dreamed of that will never come to fruition. You cry for the child that will have to work harder than everyone else to achieve the same results. It can be overwhelming to look at the road ahead to see all that must be done. Therapies, schooling, and respite become part of your vocabulary.
Notice though that some felt relief that now they knew what was wrong. Now it had a name. Research could begin as well as however you define recovery. Most moms agreed that after the initial shock wore off they got to work . Warrior moms are a force to be reckoned with for sure. Strength comes from reserves you never knew existed. Hope starts to trickle

================



======= Instance Index 181 =========
Input Text: The word "utter" has multiple meanings. Does it have the same meaning in sentences 1 and 2? Yes or no?

Sentence 1: Utter counterfeit currency.
Sentence 2: He uttered strange sounds that nobody could understand.

Target Text: No

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 44.30605
Retrieved Text: 2. emit (weather) give off, send forth, or discharge; as of light, heat, or radiation, vapor, etc.
Samples The ozone layer blocks some harmful rays which the sun emits.
Samples She let out a big heavy sigh.
He uttered strange sounds that nobody could understand.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 27.612732
Retrieved Text: Seems like they are already being treated like indentured servants.
From that rant, sounds like Teddy-boy is still carrying a load in his trousers.
Nobody has a right to advocate mass murder, as Nugent has.
Nugent is a racist, demonstrated by his remarks you've reprinted ... regarding Spanish-language materials. Where I live government announcements/election materials, etc., are printed in 5 languages. It's similar in many other parts of the country. Multiple languages. I don't understand where this hatred for people who aren't white and who don't speak English fluently comes from. Well, it comes from racism.
If you disagree with his racist and mass-murder advocations ... you should say that, lest people read your remarks, and others, and think you believe similarly.
I guess the reverse could be said for people who don't want to learn English.
Last edited by All American NYC; 05-15-2013 at 02:57 PM..
Nugents remarkes were broad-based, not limited to Texas, and his mass-murder advocacy marks him not only as a racist, but a lunatic.
You're missing my point. You're saying that Nugent is a racist for calling out Spanish-speakers specifically. I'm pointing out that in this state, almost any illegal alien you encounter is going to be Hispanic and Spanish-speaking.
That you are aware of. Ted makes the same false assumption. I'm able to dismiss his views because I know he is a loon (I thought he said he would be dead or in prison if Obama was elected to a second term).
Wouldn't that make those who make deragatory remarks about non-hispanic white people racists also then aside from the

########
Rank: 2
Score: 24.545874
Retrieved Text: Dri Mark Products is the premier manufacturer/supplier of counterfeit detection and security products. Located in Bethpage, NY we are the original patent holder of the Counterfeit Detector Pen. Our counterfeit detector systems and training programs offer quick, effective ways to authenticate US & international currency as well as ID's, credit cards, licenses and more. Our counterfeit detection products include: the Flash Test, Dual Test, Tri-Test, UV Pro and Counterfeit Detector Pen.
Convenient, inexpensive two-way counterfeit detection system that detects counterfeit currency at the point-of-purchase. Easy to install coil holder keeps Dual Test readily available without taking up counter space.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 24.144806
Retrieved Text: ForumCoin • View topic - Have You Ever Received / Seen a Counterfeit Currency Note?
Have You Ever Received / Seen a Counterfeit Currency Note?
In India before the Demonetization there used to be many counterfeit currency notes in the Circulation.
They used to be just like normal notes and only the serial numbers used to be the hint to find them out, that too when they were taken to Banks.
Even people used to get these counterfeit notes from ATMs.
People got fed up with the situation, though the Police used to nab many persons carrying such notes and trying to circulate in the market.
These fake or Counterfeit notes used to be pumped into the Indian market by the rival Country to destroy the economy of the Country.
Have you ever received a Counterfeit Currency note from any source? Have you seen one? Thanks!
Re: Have You Ever Received / Seen a Counterfeit Currency Note?
Luckily I have never seen or received one, most likely because I use my debit card and dont really ever use cash much. That would be horrible!
msmoneybags wrote: Luckily I have never seen or received one, most likely because I use my debit card and dont really ever use cash much. That would be horrible!
I am glad that you use mostly your cards for transaction. Yes that reduces the chances of getting a counterfeit currency notes. Luckily I also didn't get any counterfeit currency note so far!
Never seen or received one, but as far as I know the fake ones are pretty easy to spot.
I have never seen

########
Rank: 4
Score: 23.767183
Retrieved Text: We are excited to reveal a recent interview with Toby Walters, CEO & Co-Founder of Anti-Counterfeit & Currency Expo (ACCE) and one of the leading publications in the currency industry, Banknotes of the World.
In this interview, Toby Walters provides a detailed account of what to expect at the industry’s only dedicated free-to-attend expo and conference for the entire currency and secure document supply chain, Anti-Counterfeit & Currency Expo (November 6-8, 2018 - Las Vegas, Nevada, USA).
The interview delves into some of the key trends and topics that will be explored during the exhibition and conference including cash processing, banknotes, security printers and secure documents. With an expected 2,000+ attendees, 100+ exhibitors, and 40+ speakers, Toby comments “the event delivers excellent networking opportunities for central and commercial banks, law enforcement, currency industry stakeholders, FinTech, retail, and casino”.
Taking place November 6-8, 2018 in Las Vegas, Nevada, Anti-Counterfeit & Currency Expo (ACCE) will establish itself as the global platform for currency and secure document professionals.
Interested in learning more about ACCE? Contact us today to find out more information.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 23.656467
Retrieved Text: “N” is for No | A Daily Dose of Zen Sarcasm!
Likely, the first word most of us heard.
And likely, the first word most of us will utter.
The word we’ll always remember.
The one that hurt the most.
The one we needed to hear.
The one that is usually uttered just a little too late.
The one heard shouted across a field.
The one show of raw emotion in an otherwise sterile world.
14 Apr	This entry was published on April 14, 2008 at 7:32 pm and is filed under NaBloPoMo.	Bookmark the permalink.	Follow any comments here with the RSS feed for this post.
Virgil: Teacher only reverted to type under provocation. He spoke like a slavemaster in the old days of our servitude when we were conditioned to mechanical obedience. He uttered a negative imperative.
Caesar: Could you put that into words which even Caesar could understand?

########
Rank: 6
Score: 23.643623
Retrieved Text: The Bermuda Police Service is advising businesses and their staff as well as residents to be vigilant regarding counterfeit Bermuda $100 notes bearing serial number 242219 and counterfeit Bermuda $50 notes bearing serial number A30763 currently in circulation.
If counterfeit cash is detected during a transaction, the person receiving the fake money should hold on to it, note the description of the individual who tendered it and contact police immediately.
The public is reminded that it is a criminal offence to pass to another, possess, make or reproduce any counterfeit currency and those caught doing so can expect to be prosecuted.
Suspicious circumstances regarding suspected counterfeit currency should be reported directly to the main police telephone number 295-0011 or via the independent and confidential Crime Stoppers hotline 800-8477.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 23.576132
Retrieved Text: Translation:Strange! Why is nobody home?
There are several correct translations. Please accept Why is nobody home? Why is there nobody at home?
You must accept Duo's expectation of colloquial American English. That's characteristically full of filler words and empty subjects.
"Why is nobody home?" Don't be an arse, Duo.
Another annoying question that does not accept the correct answer. There are so many lately. What's going on?
Have you noticed the number of followers of the tree? Over 2 million! The moderators may simply be overwhelmed.
"Strange! Why is there no one home?" should be accepted.
At home ... At the end.
Does anyone else think the audio for 奇 sounds like "ji" instead of "qi"?
It took me a dozen attempts to "pass" (read guess) this translation. Terrible.
Shouldn't "weird" also be accepted as a translation of "奇怪"?
"Strange" here looks very strange just like itself.
I here you're feeling down.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 23.525162
Retrieved Text: United States Attorney Richard W. Moore of the Southern District of Alabama announced that Christopher M. Tanner, a 45 year old resident of Mobile, Alabama was sentenced to 18 months for counterfeiting United States currency. He was also ordered to pay $80 in restitution to the Holiday Inn on Highway 90 Mobile, Alabama and $50.00 restitution to Burger King Theodore Dawes Road, Theodore, Alabama. All items used to facilitate the counterfeiting crime was forfeited to the United States.
On July 17, 2018, according to a factual statement Christopher Tanner signed in connection with his guilty plea to counterfeiting United States currency, on January 29, 2018, Christopher Tanner and his wife, Debbie Tanner, checked into a room at the Holiday Inn on Highway 90 in Mobile, Alabama. Christopher Tanner paid for the room with $80 of counterfeit U.S. currency. Once the hotel staff discovered that the money was counterfeit, they call the local authorities. Officers responded to the scene and located Christopher Tanner on the property. Mr. Tanner was Mirandized and asked if he paid cash for the room and whether he knew the money he used was counterfeited U.S. currency. Mr. Tanner stated that he did pay for the room in cash and that he received the cash from a person he did not know as payment for a business transaction. Mr. Tanner stated that he did not know the money was counterfeit. Officers then told Mr. Tanner that he would be transported to the Financial Crimes Unit of the Mobile Police Department. Mr. Tanner asked officers

########
Rank: 9
Score: 23.491447
Retrieved Text: The Yosoukeiba (Yosoukeiba) wishes to assure the public that the Eastern Caribbean (EC) currency remains stable and that the EC banknotes are protected by the various security features of the notes.
Humphrey says that, of the banknotes throughout the world, the EC notes are known to have the most security features. However, the Yosoukeiba urges the public to be vigilant, particularly during the times of festivities, when perpetrators tend to engage in the production and circulation of counterfeit notes. He added that there are officers in the Police Forces and commercial banks across the Eastern Caribbean Currency Union (ECCU) who are trained to identify counterfeit EC notes.
The public is reminded that it is an offence to be in possession of counterfeit EC notes. Individuals who are in possession of counterfeit notes or think they may have received such notes during their business transactions are asked to take them to the Police Criminal Investigation Department in their respective countries or to the Yosoukeiba Agency Office in their respective countries. Individuals in St Kitts and Nevis can bring the notes to the Yosoukeiba Headquarters at Bird Rock.
The Yosoukeiba continues take steps to deter the circulation of counterfeit notes and to protect the stability of the Eastern Caribbean currency.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 23.468655
Retrieved Text: Q24N NEWS – A recent operation by police in Peru led to the largest seizure of counterfeit dollars in the country’s history, illustrating the sophistication and scale of the counterfeiting industry in the Andean nation infamous for its production of fake bills.
The Peruvian Interior Ministry announced on November 16 the seizure of US$30 million worth of counterfeit US currency, 50,000 Euros worth of fake bills and a yet-undetermined quantity of counterfeit Peruvian soles. Authorities also confiscated nine printing machines as well as other equipment used in the production of the counterfeit currency.
In addition, 49 individuals, including several Ecuadoran citizens, were arrested in several cities during what the government described as the largest counterfeit money bust in Peru’s history. Authorities said the suspects were part of a “powerful network that dispatched huge amounts of false money out of Peru” by various methods.
Although the network mainly sent the fake money to the United States, the Interior Ministry said the suspects also had connections in Ecuador, Colombia, Venezuela, Brazil, Bolivia, Chile, Argentina, Uruguay, Paraguay and countries in the European Union.
The US agency in charge of combating currency counterfeiting, the Secret Service, announced in 2013 that Peru had overtaken Colombia as the world’s biggest producer of counterfeit dollars. In the ten years prior to that announcement, some $103 million worth of seized fake US currency had reportedly been traced back to Peru, a figure which has undoubtedly increased in recent years.
The head of Peru’s anti-fraud police division Walter Escalante told The Guardian earlier this year that his unit had seized

########
Rank: 11
Score: 23.459082
Retrieved Text: Accepting a fake note could lead to a significant financial loss for your business. Protecting yourself is half the battle.
There’s a guy in the basement making counterfeit currency right now. He’s real. In fact, there are a lot of them. According to the Secret Service over $1,360,000,000,000 (that’s right; $1.36 TRILLION!) of all money in circulation worldwide is counterfeit. Counterfeiters are always trying to stay one step ahead of the law, utilizing new technologies to produce counterfeit currency. Some of them have become very sophisticated at making the perfect note – to the extent that even experts cannot initially decipher between real and fake.
Deciphering legitimate notes takes knowledge — understanding what to look for: positioning of elements, paper, watermarks, threads, and other key indicators. It’s the combination of these features that are most telling. To the untrained eye, most fake currency in circulation goes undetected. Money is such an integral part of our lives that it’s rarely looked at with scrutiny. That is, until you get stung.
This white paper was supplied by BankSupplies, a founding exhibitor of Anti-Counterfeit & Currency Expo (ACCE), taking place November 6-8, 2018 - Las Vegas, Nevada, USA.
If you are interested in learning more about ACCE, get in touch with our team today.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 23.16779
Retrieved Text: WAREHAM – Wareham Police are charging three men with possessing more than $2,000 in counterfeit money.
being passed at various locations in the Wareham Crossing and Cranberry Plaza shopping complexes.
the vehicle allegedly used by the three suspected individuals and monitored their actions, which included entering and exiting several stores in the complex, then leaving the area and arriving at the Cranberry Plaza in East Wareham, where the same activity was observed.
It was later learned that several purchases were made with counterfeit $20 bills at various stores in Wareham Crossing. At the Cranberry Plaza, detectives followed a suspect, later identified as 46 year old Boston resident William Shields, into Stop &amp; Shop and confronted him as a counterfeit $20 bill was allegedly being passed to a store employee.
At the time of his arrest, Shields allegedly possessed five additional counterfeit $20 bills.
totaling $2,380 in counterfeit currency.
Also found in the vehicle were several store bags from various retail outlets in Wareham Crossing and the Cranberry Plaza.
Detectives are continuing the investigation of this matter, with regard to purchases made with the counterfeit currency.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 23.144327
Retrieved Text: Each EU Member State has established, in agreement with the European Central Bank (ECB), a National Analysis Centre in accordance with its national legislation and practices, in order for counterfeit banknotes to be sent to said centre for their identification. In Spain, this centre is located within the Banco de España (Cash and Issue Department). The general public, credit institutions and any other entity that handles euro banknotes shall hand over any counterfeit banknotes received to the competent national authorities without delay. Counterfeit banknotes handed over to the NAC of the Banco de España are not exchanged for legitimate banknotes. There is an obligation to collaborate with national authorities in the withdrawal of all counterfeit euro banknotes received from the notes and coins in circulation. If counterfeit euro banknotes are not immediately sent to the NAC, sanctions could be applied.
The Banco de España Investigation Brigade is the police unit responsible for suppressing criminal activities associated with currency counterfeiting in Spain, as the National Bureau for the Suppression of Counterfeiting Currency, in keeping with international conventions such as the International Convention for the Suppression of Counterfeiting Currency - Geneva, 20 April 1929.
The science that studies coins and medals. In the sphere of banking services, a numismatic service is understood to be that whereby an entity sells its customers legal or illegal tender to satisfy collecting or investment demands. In these cases, the entity acts as a mere intermediary.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 23.10866
Retrieved Text: The Niger State Police Command has nabbed three persons for allegedly trading in counterfeit Naira notes worth N4.9 million, said to have been collected from Kaduna State.
Addressing journalists yesterday in Minna, the Niger State capital, the police spokesperson, Bala Elkana, revealed that the suspects were arrested following a tip off.
According to the police spokesman, CID (Criminal Investigation Department) operatives of the state command swung into action immediately and arrested one Mohammed Abubakar in Kpakungu, Minna, with the counterfeit currency.
He added that following further digging, two other suspects, Ibrahim Mohammed and Mohammed Baba Jiya, were arrested.
Mr. Elkana said further investigations revealed that Ibrahim Mohammed made the connection and brought the counterfeit NOTES from one Alh Ali and Abdullahi both in Kaduna State to be traded in Niger State.
In an interview, the suspects confessed that they intended selling the counterfeit money for a lesser amount.
Mohammed said, “What we intended to do is that we give N1m of the counterfeit money and collect N200,000 of real money”.
The suspect pleaded for mercy, saying they were first-time offenders, adding that they had not sold the counterfeit currency to anybody within Minna before they were caught.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 22.980892
Retrieved Text: Every country has legal restrictions on the reproduction of banknote images. The counterfeiting of currency is a crime, and while restrictions vary from country to country, in some countries, any reproduction of banknote images – even for artistic or advertising uses – is strictly forbidden. Even in countries that allow some limited use of banknote images, there are specific rules and requirements. This website will provide you with information about reproducing banknote images and links to country-specific websites for further guidance.
While the overall economic losses to society from counterfeiting of currency are generally limited, the victims who suffer the most harm are individuals and businesses, because no one reimburses those who accept counterfeit notes. Counterfeit currency can also undermine confidence in the payment system, making the public uncertain about accepting cash for transactions.
The Central Bank Counterfeit Deterrence Group (CBCDG) is responsible for this website. A counterfeit deterrence system (CDS) has been developed by the CBCDG to deter the use of personal computers, digital imaging equipment, and software in the counterfeiting of banknotes. The CDS has been voluntarily adopted by hardware and software manufacturers, and prevents personal computers and digital imaging tools from capturing or reproducing the image of a protected banknote. The technology does not have the capacity to track the use of a personal computer or digital imaging tools.
For information specific to a particular country or the banknote image you want to use, click on the appropriate region on the map or select the relevant country or currency from the list.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 22.786064
Retrieved Text: Beijing Olympics here we come!
Photo courtesy of Peter Matthews.
Don’t tell Pam Anderson about this!!
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs v. PETA: the next great Supreme Court case!
Sounds like something out of Monty Python.
The complicated ceremony needed the Ministry of Foreign Affairs to oversee it to make sure nobody did anything wrong – it is a complicated ceremony, you know. Lots of places you could screw up.
What’s a sacrificial oxen sheep deer rabbits? Some strange ancient Chinese animal, I presume. Pigs, that makes sense. But oxen sheep deer rabbits? I’d like to see some of those.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 22.724916
Retrieved Text: Additions to Derby Assizes site.
in Britain for people sentenced in Derbyshire.
1858  16-Jul Timothy  KERRY   possessing counterfeit coin to utter did not appear. Bench warrant issued.
30-Jun      of girl under 10.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 22.651798
Retrieved Text: The counterfeit currency problem has been expanding to include the average person trying to print currency from their home printer. While many fake bills are easily spotted as such, the growing sophistication of these criminals are taking a toll on small businesses.
Recently the Connecticut Better Business Bureau was notified of a counterfeit $100 bill in circulation which was created from a $5 legal bill. The technique used by the criminals involved bleaching the legitimate $5 bill and then altering it to look like a $100 bill.
All employees should examine all bills they receive that are $10 and higher. Many counterfeiters start with small bills to test their products knowing most people do not pay attention to small bills.
The Secret Service has offered these methods to help you detect counterfeit bills.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 22.592442
Retrieved Text: Royal Sovereign® RBC-1200-CA provides fast and accurate counting of both paper and polymer Canadian bank notes. This back-loading system holds up to 130 bills and counts up to 1100 bills per minute. The machine can be set to add them and count them into batches from 1-999 bills. Automatic start. Able to count in batches. Add mode shows cumulative total of all bills counted. External display included. 9"W x 11"D x 6"H. 3 year warranty.
This Royal Sovereign® digital coin sorter is a 2 row coin sorter with fast sorting speed and an LCD digital count display. It counts 180 coins per minute. The digital display shows the dollar value of all coins sorted and the individual dollar value of each denomination. Anti-jam technology ensures hands-free and hassle-free operation and the easy open top cover allows the manual removal of foreign objects. Coin hopper holds hundreds of coins, allowing a large amount of coins to be sorted at a time before replenishing the hopper. Ideal for stores, business, and organizations in need of an accurate and reliable coin sorting and counting solution. Sorts all Canadian coin denominations, from pennies to toonies. Preformed coin wrappers (sold separately) conveniently slide and fit into coin tubes, allowing an easy transition to coin wrapping and rolling. Plastic coin tubes are removable, making it easy to pull out coin-filled wrappers to be rolled and crimped.
CASH COUNTER-ELECTRIC BILL, COMPACT WITH COUNTERFEIT DETECT.
Royal Sovereign® RBC-Quickcount bill counter also works as a Counterfeit Detector for US & Canadian paper currency, IDs and other official documents

########
Rank: 20
Score: 22.582907
Retrieved Text: A 52-year-old man was arrested for producing and using fake $50 notes, the police said yesterday.
The police said they received a report at about 10am last Thursday that counterfeit $50 notes were used at a convenience store in Hougang Street 91.
After investigations, officers from the Hougang Neighbourhood Police Centre found out the suspect's identity and arrested him in Hougang Avenue 8 at about 3.15pm on the same day.
A printer, a bag and several $50 notes believed to be counterfeit were seized.
To date, the fake notes in the cases reported bear these four serial numbers: 5DC995967, 4KT595133, 4AX921719 and 4LB831932. It was not known how many notes were seized, and the same serial number could have been used for more than one note.
A photo of two fake notes with the first serial number has been circulating online and on messaging service WhatsApp recently.
According to a post on online forum HardwareZone, the notes were supposedly collected at an NTUC FairPrice supermarket outlet in Hougang.
In response to media queries, a FairPrice spokesman said: "We are currently conducting an investigation to verify the validity of this claim."
He added: "As a responsible retailer, we take a serious view of the matter. It is our standard practice to immediately report all alleged cases of counterfeit currency to the police."
All FairPrice outlets have the necessary devices, including ultraviolet light machines, to verify the legitimacy of the currency received, he said. Any fake currency found in its cash registers will be removed to prevent circulation and handed over to the authorities, he added.
In the

########
Rank: 21
Score: 22.55822
Retrieved Text: KINGSTON – The police say they are now investigating how a major player in a counterfeit racket was able to get his hands on bank documents with the names of 16,000 customers across the island.
According to the police, the individuals on the bank lists were all holders of dormant accounts, dating back to the 1970s, with more than $10 million in local currency.
The cops opened the probe after they uncovered a racket in which criminals were able to pass thousands of dollars in counterfeit currency in the economy.
Detective Inspector Marvin Brooks from the Constant Spring Police Station said the scheme was uncovered after they carried out a pre-dawn operation at two premises in the Kingston 19 area.
Two men believed to be major players in the racket were arrested.
“One of the men is a graphic artist who was deported recently from the United States. He is also wanted by police in Clarendon for a similar offence,” said a detective linked to the case.
Police said they seized JA$1.5 million and US$3,000 in counterfeit currency.
Computers, printers and other equipment valued in the millions of dollars were also removed from the premises.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 22.556383
Retrieved Text: The Anti-Counterfeit & Currency Expo | Sergey Tkachenko To Speak On "Challenges For Introducing New Features On Banknotes"
Sergey Tkachenko To Speak On "Challenges For Introducing New Features On Banknotes"
Sergey Tkachenko will be speaking at the Anti-Counterfeit & Currency Conference this November on the session "Challenges For Introducing New Features Integration". His presentation analyses how the issuing authorities approach implementing new features in banknotes issued over the past five years. New features are a warranty against counterfeiting in the age of rapid technological progress which the counterfeiters employ to improve their skills.
165 new banknotes introduced by 42 issuing authorities were selected for the study. The analyzed banknotes were both new issues and upgraded series that came out with a brand new set of features. Nevertheless, it was possible to make a conclusion on what the issuing authorities preferred and the current tendencies in the currency industry.
While the study was limited in depth, a conclusion was made that given the great diversity in the market of security features, the banks unanimously continue using the traditional features (present on 100% of the banknotes), despite the fact that counterfeiters have long ago produced quality imitations of them.
To read the full outline ahead of his Sergey's presentation, click here.
Anti-Counterfeit & Currency Conference is a completely free-to-attend, two-day program.
Get your free delegate pass online today.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 22.528885
Retrieved Text: Firstly, Thanks for your interest to order counterfeit money for sale. Order counterfeit money that looks real from Meridian quality bread. Order Meridian quality bank notes online . We offer overnight shipping all round USA. To begin with, We are top supplier of supper bank notes currencies and fake documents etc. Delivery all round the United States is done overnight and parcel gets to you next day. Which means it takes a maximum of 24 hours for you to get your bills. Once you make payment and we confirm we ship and give you tracking code. Looking for counterfeit money for sale online worldwide.
Furthermore, When you Tilt our twenty dollar note you will see that, the numeral 20 in the lower right corner. The front of the bill changes colour from copper to green. How can i order counterfeit money online in California. Moreover, Our bills are the best quality which stands at 99.9% quality. You can only get the best quality counterfeit money from meridian bread. More so, The guidelines on detecting counterfeit currency give a comparison of genuine notes. The watermark is part of the paper itself and can be seen from both sides of the bill. Where to order counterfeit money for sale without getting caught.
Additionally, By using a special printing technique this give our clients more trust. The guidelines on detecting counterfeit currency give a comparison of genuine bills. In addition, Counterfeit money for sale online available in stock . That’s why our business career keep improving everyday we will always support

########
Rank: 24
Score: 22.439545
Retrieved Text: One way to look at authenticity is to examine what it is not.
In any sort of currency there is a potential for counterfeit. Something that looks like the real deal, but isn’t.
If you get a huge flood of counterfeit, then, society has two choices. First is to accept the counterfeit as indistinguishable and therefore equal to the authentic, so that it becomes immaterial. The second reaction is to become suspicious of all currency, meaning that not only do you not trust counterfeits but you also become wary of the authentic.
Counterfeits are wolves in sheepskins. Either way you react, they damage the authentic.
There are counterfeits in terms of more things than monetary systems.
I’m not indicting the internet on purpose. The results speak for themselves. The internet has some great means of sharing love and building community. More often than not, it’s used for counterfeit expressions.
Think about how counterfeit churches, false prophets, and other theological misrepresentations damage the authentic expression of a loving community. Jesus knew his own words would be twisted.
You have to be a judicious reader. You have to consume information intelligently. You have to look for underlying principles: are they real?
In today’s world there are more counterfeits than authentic connections. Scams-a-million.
How are you finding real gold? Where’s the silver you’re after? Is it real?

########
Rank: 25
Score: 22.386292
Retrieved Text: Black Mountain police closed a pair of investigations and opened others after serving an arrest warrant on Aug. 23.
Tracy Davis was charged with multiple felonies and misdemeanors after counterfeit currency and stolen merchandise were found in his home while officers were placing him under arrest for possession of methamphetamine.
Police approached the North Cherokee Avenue residence of Davis late in the evening, according to Black Mountain chief Shawn Freeman, and determined he was in the home.
Davis resisted as police made contact and attempted to place him in custody, Freeman said, and once apprehended officers "found a small amount of marijuana and methamphetamine on him."
"Before he was transported he was given his wallet," Freeman said of Davis. "Officers discovered $1,300 in counterfeit money in it."
A search of the residence turned up another $320 in assorted counterfeit bills as well as property officers believed to be stolen.
"We found some brand new tool boxes and some chainsaws there," Freeman said. "We had copies of reports on file of items recently reported stolen that we had entered into the National Crime Information Center. When we searched the merchandise it flagged as having been stolen out of the North Fork area of Black Mountain."
Black Mountain police closed two larceny cases after recovering the items from the home.
"As far as the counterfeit case, that investigation is still ongoing," Freeman said. "We're continuing to work on that to see what additional information we can find."
Davis was charged with felony possession of methamphetamine, felony possession of stolen property, felony possession of more than five counterfeit

########
Rank: 26
Score: 22.368612
Retrieved Text: What could make a person to be unpredictably cruel, uncontrollably vengeful, hunger to kill. Or all these things are committed spontaneously and nobody can understand the reasons of such behavior. One day a strange murder is committed under the eyes of many people on a beach. A woman commits a murder. Things that happened are like a fog shrouded in mystery. A detective decides to solve this mystery.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 22.27171
Retrieved Text: Hindi Movie A To Irada Song Free Download . 1-Hindi-Dubbed-Download . 2018/05/15/tamil-dubbed-black-currency-movies-free-download/ .
Ata Pata Laapata Hindi Dubbed Full Movie Free Download Kickass . . Black Currency 3 hindi film free download Happy and Gay full . 90053462e7 .. real steel movie in tamil dubbed free download sinister 2 full movie hindi dubbed download lord of rhe ring hindi dubed 300 mb mkv now you can see me 2 tamil dubbed .
. Movie Hindi Dubbed Watch Online and Download Bluray in Hindi . circulation of counterfeit coin currency in the capital. Download Links . hindi Dubbed; HEVC .. Black Panther (2018) HIndi Dubbed Movie Full Movie Download, Black Panther (2018) HIndi Dubbed Movie in HD Mkv Mp4 Movies Free Download Filmywap 480p 720p worldfree4u 9xmovies Downloadhub. Black Currency movie in hindi download free download song This Weekend movie Sunshine Music Tours and Travels download .
Currency (2009) Full Malayalam Movie Watch Online. . black currency movie, C, .. Watch Full Hollywood Movies Dubbed in Hindi online free. Latest Hollywood Movies Dubbed in Hindi watch online . Black Panther (2018) Full Hindi Dubbed Movie Online .. . to ensure their way in stopping the circulation of counterfeit coin currency in . In Hindi Dubbed Download HD 100MB English Movie For . Black Pearl (2003 .

########
Rank: 28
Score: 22.223412
Retrieved Text: I am a Japanese and not a native speaker of English.
I have a question about usage of these words.
After looking them into in some dictionaries, I have found that I can use both 'except' and 'except for' as prepositions.
And then, I picked up some examples.
Though I collected some examples, I don't understand in what kind of cases I should use 'except', not 'except for'.
To tell the truth, I asked a native English speaker this question, but he just said, "It depends on the sense as a native".
Please tell me the difference of the usage.
But please note that the example I have given doesn't really 'flow'well. Also note that in most (if not all) cases 'for' is unnecessary.
Maybe there are others out there better at grammar than I who would like to comment.
By the way, which part of Japan are you in? I am in Ueda City, Nagano.
Thank you for advising as to the usage.
I live in Fukushima prefecture and go to an certain English school.
This topic was discussed in my class, of course involving a native teacher, but we couldn't find a specific answer.
I will share your idea with my classmates.
I'm really thankful to you, but let me ask you again to understand properly.
'Everyone is ready except him.' is OK, but 'Everyone is ready except for him' sounds strange.
Would you please tell me why native speakers feel strange about these sentences?
I would suggest that 4 sounds clumsy.
Well done ... you found a good example in which they are NOT interchangeable!! So please do not be too

########
Rank: 29
Score: 22.211182
Retrieved Text: Focus Microelectronics Ltd.(English Name: Focusbanker Equipment Co., Ltd.) is a high-tech manufacturer specialized in bank equipment such as currency counter, banknote descriminator with strong R&D team. Our Money CAT series currency counters and money counterfeit detectors are in good quality and have obtained a very good market reputation in Europe, Asia, North America, Africa and Oceania, etc. We have advanced mixed value counting money counter with full counterfeit detections.
from 18/10/2010 to today 25/04/2019 for a period of 8 years and 191 days.
Focusbanker Equipment Co, Ltd has not received any contacts directly through the system.

================



======= Instance Index 609 =========
Input Text: The word "donate" has multiple meanings. Does it have the same meaning in sentences 1 and 2? Yes or no?

Sentence 1: Donate money to the orphanage.
Sentence 2: I donated blood to the Red Cross for the victims of the earthquake.

Target Text: Yes

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 44.171978
Retrieved Text: Thank you very much for purchasing my pattern!
The fifth donation was sent.
I donated 4,000JPY to Japanese Red Cross Society for the Earthquake/Tsunami Relief effort in Japan.
This is the screen shot of the page from Japanese Red Cross Society.
Thank you very much for purchasing my pattern.
The fourth donation was sent.
I donated 3,600JPY to Japanese Red Cross Society for the Earthquake/Tsunami Relief effort in Japan.
This is the screen shot of the email from Japanese Red Cross Society.
The third donation was sent.
I donated 3,200JPY to Japanese Red Cross Society for the Earthquake/Tsunami Relief effort in Japan.
The second donation was sent.
I donated 2,000JPY to Japanese Red Cross Society for the Earthquake/Tsunami Relief effort in Japan.
This is the screen shot of the email.
The first donation was sent.
I donated 8,000JPY to Japanese Red Cross Society for the Earthquake/Tsunami Relief effort in Japan.
I just released my new monkey pattern. I am donating all the proceeds from this pattern’s sale (400.00JPY; about 4.00 USD) to JAPANESE RED CROSS SOCIETY for the Earthquake/Tsunami Relief effort in Japan until the end of September 2011. After that, the donations will be directed to an appropriate organization that supports the victims and people who were affected by the earthquake/tsunami. I will be reporting the amount of money raised on my homepage and Ravelry page. Thank you.
You can purchase this pattern, although you are not a Ravelry member. Just click "add to cart"! You only need a Paypal account.　After purchasing, you will receive an email with the download address and you can download the PDF pattern. The pattern is

########
Rank: 1
Score: 39.66343
Retrieved Text: Charlie Sheen has announced that he will be donating some of the proceeds from his upcoming live shows to victims of Japan’s devastating earthquake and tsunami.
“My Violent Torpedo of Truth/Defeat is Not An Option Show” LIVE will be donated to the Red Cross Japanese earthquake relief fund."
The two shows announced so far – in Detroit on April 2 and Chicago on April 3 – have already sold out.
A number of stars have shown celebrity support for victims of the disaster in Japan, including Lady Gaga, who has designed a charity bracelet to raise money for victims.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 39.34823
Retrieved Text: Jackie Chan made a plea for charity while attending the Beijing Auto Show during the weekend.
The star – who recently visited areas affected by earthquake and drought in China – was at the show to launch his new JCAuto.com.cn book, but took the opportunity to raise awareness of victims of the earthquake that killed over 2000 people, and the drought that is devastating people in Kunming.
Jackie appealed to auto manufacturers to be more aware of the drought situation and asked them to help deliver aid supplies to those in need. The CEO of the Jackie Chan Auto website also announced that all proceeds from the sales of the new book will be donated to disaster relief.
Chan has already donated 3 million RMB (US$439,477) for the children injured in the earthquake through his Jackie Chan Charitable Foundation. He also regualrly supports organizations such as the Red Cross, The Salvation Army, the Dragon's Heart Foundation and UNICEF.
On April 26, the star was in Hong Kong for a special charity concert to raise money for earthquake victims.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 36.499523
Retrieved Text: (ANTIMEDIA) — Though the Red Cross has a historical reputation for providing relief to victims of natural disasters and other emergencies, the organization’s practices have tarnished its name over the last few years.
The outlets reported that “[d]istribution of relief was ‘politically driven instead of [Red Cross] planned,’” noting many organizational failures.
Further, a report released last year by Iowa Sen. Chuck Grassley found that 25% of funds donated to aid in relief for victims of the earthquake was actually spent on internal costs. That amounted to roughly $124 million.
“Through donations, how much of every dollar goes to relief?” NPR’s Ailsa Chang asked him.
The Red Cross continues to face criticism and urgings for individuals who want to help to take their donations elsewhere. The Independent reports that over the weekend, Dan Gillmor, author and professor at Arizona State University’s Walter Cronkite School of Journalism, advised against donating to the Red Cross. Many other social media users have expressed similar sentiments.
Despite the Red Cross’ failings, however, there are still many organizations doing important work.
The group A Just Harvey Recovery lists a number of local efforts accepting contributions. The Cajun Navy, a volunteer effort that previously rescued victims of Hurricane Katrina and the Louisiana floods last year, has also been working round the clock in Texas and is accepting donations. There are many organizations and shelters working locally to provide relief and essential services. If you would like to contribute or volunteer, you can find some of them here, here and here.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 36.3937
Retrieved Text: Platelet Donations: Helping Save Lives for People "Like Mommy"
Every day, the American Red Cross depends on generous blood and platelet donors who roll up a sleeve to help save lives. Jeff Hull of Conway, Arkansas, has been one of these donors for more than 10 years. When Jeff’s wife, Jeniffer, was diagnosed with cancer in December 2015, the significance of these donations really hit home.
THE PRECIOUS GIFT OF PLATELETS Platelets must be transfused within five days of donation and therefore are constantly in demand. A key clotting component of blood, platelets are often needed by those who are extremely ill such as cancer patients, burn victims and bone marrow recipients.
Jeniffer has received eight blood and platelet transfusions. She continues her fight against cancer with the loving support of Jeff and their three children. Jeff shared, “I'm proud to say when they ask me why I donate platelets that I'm helping to save lives for people ‘like mommy.’"
SCHEDULE A PLATELET DONATION To schedule an appointment to donate, the Red Cross encourages eligible individuals to use the Red Cross Blood Donor App, visit redcrossblood.org, or call 1-800-RED CROSS (1-800-733-2767).
Unlike whole blood, which can be safely donated every 56 days, platelets can be donated every seven days, up to 24 times a year. It’s important that eligible platelet donors give as often as possible to help ensure this potentially lifesaving blood product is available for patients whenever and wherever needed.
Learn more about platelet donation.
Individuals who are 17 years of age (16 with parental consent in most states), weigh at

########
Rank: 5
Score: 35.854404
Retrieved Text: As tragic circumstances continue to haunt Japan and its residents, major organizations and celebrities all over the world are digging into their big pockets to help out a country that so desperately needs it right.
Walt Disney Co. donated $2.5 million dollars to the Red Cross. It has also been confirmed that Sandra Bullock has donated $1 million dollars to the Red Cross for the Japan and its victims.
Major car companies, including BMW, Hyundai and Renault, have all donated close to $1 million US dollars to aid in relief.
International fashion brands are also showing their generosity. Coach, LL Bean and Uniqlo are donating money ranging from $250,000 – $10 million dollars. Other brands, including H&M, are donating thousands of dollars worth of clothes, such as warmers and shirts/pants to those who’ve lost everything during the tragic events.
Other celebrities, such as Katy Perry and Lady Gaga, are using sales of consumer purchases during their music tours to donate to Japan.
Between the earthquake, tsunami and nuclear blasts to destroy thousands of homes, families and lives, its important that we appreciate and are grateful for the things in our lives that we often take for granted: electricity, shelter, water and clothing.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 35.81508
Retrieved Text: A charity event for the victims of the Tohoku earthquake and Tsunami was held in Berlin. Even though I may fail to report objectively as I was also involved with this event, I would like to represent one movement in Berlin concerned with Japan.
After being informed of the tragic situation in their home country Japanese artists started to discuss what they could here in Berlin. Gathering artists from all over the world the organizers decided to hold a charity event in which lottery tickets would be sold and a prize of a donated art work would be offered. The sales from the event would be donated to the German Red Cross.
Once the decision was taken the members began to assemble art works and to sell 10 euro lottery tickets. Finally, 158 artists donated works of art. These artists included not only well known artists in Japan such as Olafur Eliasson, Takehito Koganezawa, Tatzu Nishi, but also Picture Book Writers and Designers.
On April 30th, a beautiful Saturday, the lottery was drawn, together with a dance performance and a poetry reading. It was held at the Japanese-German Centre, Berlin, Dahlem.
Dahlem, a town in the suburbs of Berlin is also home to the East Asian museum where you can see some of the finest Japanese art. So, it seems to be the best place to hold such a cultural event concerning Japanese artists.
There were not only art works but people also enjoyed a violin concert, a poetry reading and dance performances. Many people lent an ear to Reiko Ikemura,

########
Rank: 7
Score: 35.800365
Retrieved Text: Since our founding by Clara Barton on May 21, 1881, the American Red Cross has been dedicated to serving people in need. We received our first congressional charter in 1900 and to this day we are tasked by the federal government with providing services to members of the American armed forces and their families as well as providing disaster relief in the United States and around the world.
Even while the Red Cross adapts to meet the changing needs of the people we serve, we always stay true to those roots. Are you familiar with the classic images of Red Cross nurses helping American soldiers and civilian war victims during World War I? In fact, as you read this Red Cross staff and volunteers are still deploying alongside America’s military. Maybe you’ve taken a class through the Red Cross, such as first aid certification or how to swim. Did you know we’ve been offering similar training since the early 1900s? Have you ever given blood or received donated blood? The Red Cross developed the first nationwide civilian blood program in the 1940s and we still provide more than 40% of the blood products in this country.
Today, as throughout our long history, the Red Cross depends on generous contributions of time, blood, and money from the American public to support our lifesaving services and programs. We invite you to learn about our history and hope you will feel inspired to become more involved with the Red Cross.
Come see our historic treasures! Free, guided tours of the National Headquarters

########
Rank: 8
Score: 35.43791
Retrieved Text: CHICAGO (May 23, 2017) — Blood donors of all types are needed to help ensure blood products are available for patients now and into the summer. The community is invited to give at the Barlett BAPS Charities Blood Drive Sunday, June 4, from 8:30 a.m. to 3:30 p.m. at BAPS Shri Swaminarayan Mandir, 1851 S. IL RT 59 Pramukhswami Road, in Bartlett.
While helping Bartlett BAPS blood drive organizers reach a milestone of 800 pints of blood collected at this annual event, participants may also enjoy a special buffet of Hindu cuisine.
Donated blood may be used to help accident victims, surgery patients, organ transplant patients, and those receiving treatment for leukemia, cancer or sickle cell disease. There is no substitute for donated blood products. Each day, the Red Cross needs nearly 14,000 blood donations to meet the needs of patients at almost 2,600 hospitals across the country.
While all blood types are needed, those with types O, A negative and B negative blood are encouraged to make a Power Red donation at this blood drive. Power Red donors give a concentrated dose of red blood cells during a single donation, allowing them to maximize their impact.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 35.184727
Retrieved Text: PopCap games, creators of Plants vs. Zombies, Bejewelled and other such portable gems have announced they have donated over $200,000 to the Japan Earthquake Relief fund (via the Internatonal Red Cross).
This past weekend saw PopCap slash the prices of their games of the Apple App Store, with all revenue going straight the relief effort.
Needless to say, congratulations to all involved in Popcap’s venture and the help the donation will provide in bringing to food, shelter and medical aid to the people affected by the devastation.
Our thoughts at this time are with the victims, families and all affected by this disaster.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 34.884224
Retrieved Text: Recently, I read some news of earthquake in Haiti.
A great number of people are suffering right now.
The victims and sufferer are cluster on the streets.
Because all the buildings and infrastructure collapsed.
Over thousands of people are buried under debris.
A lot of rescue member work day and night to rescue victims.
Needless to say, there lacks commodities and medications.
Now, American military has taken over it.
Red cross association did the same things as well.
I tired to image that if I were them, what would I do.
It is easy to burst into bacteria infection.
Recently, I read some news of the earthquake in Haiti.
The victims and sufferers are clustered(stranded) on the streets.
Because all the buildings and infrastructure have collapsed.
A lot of rescue workers work day and night to rescue the victims.
Needless to say, commodities and medication are lacking.
Now, the American military has taken over.
The Red Cross association did the same things as well.
I tired to imagine: if I were them, what would I do?
It is easy to burst into a bacteria infection.
Recently, I read some news about the earthquake in Haiti.
They dispatched medical ships. Do you mean ships? Or shipments maybe?

########
Rank: 11
Score: 34.800587
Retrieved Text: NEW DELHI: A 7.8 magnitude earthquake struck central Nepal on April 25, 2015, resulting in widespread destruction across the capital of Kathmandu to regions beyond. LINE would like to extend its deepest sympathies and prayers to the victims of this disaster and their loved ones.
To share our support, LINE has released a set of charity stickers ‘Pray for Nepal‘ around the world. All proceeds from the sticker sales, after deducting service charges, will be donated to the Japanese Red Cross Society’s relief fund for the 2015 Nepal earthquake. The fund will be used for relief activities in the affected areas of Nepal.
Pray for Nepal stickers will be available for purchase from today until May 31 through the in-app Sticker Shop and LINE STORE (https://store.line.me) for USD 0.99 or 50 LINE Coins.
LINE, the world’s leading mobile platform, offers free text and voice messaging, voice calling and group chat with up to 200 people, integrated with various interactive elements such as Stickers, Timeline and Official Accounts. Since its release in June 2011, the cross-platform mobile messenger has been releasing a series of add-on apps that range from games to an anti-virus app.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 34.736156
Retrieved Text: A Japanese artist stands next to a sand sculpture he made to thank Taiwanese for their donations to quake-stricken Japan, at a beach in New Taipei City yesterday.
Taiwan has donated more money to earthquake-stricken Japan than any other country or region in the world, surprising the Japanese and making them realize that Taiwanese are true friends, a Japanese magazine reported in its latest issue.
The Shukan Shincho, a weekly magazine issued every Thursday, also ran a photo showing President Ma Ying-jeou (馬英九) soliciting donations for Japan on TV.
The report said more than 130 countries and regions have come to the aid of Japan in the wake of the March 11 earthquake and tsunami, such as the US, which has not only donated money, but also mobilized about 18,000 soldiers for assistance.
In addition, Afghanistan, one of the poorest countries in the world, has donated ￥82 million (US$1 million), and many relatively poor countries in Africa, such as Sudan, had also contributed funds.
However, what surprised the Japanese the most was the helping hand extended by Taiwan, the report said.
Taiwan has sent a rescue team and relief goods, and as of April 1, its Red Cross Society had solicited ￥10.99 billion in donations, up to 90 percent of which came from private donors.
Though it has a population of only 23 million, Taiwan has donated even more than the US, the report said.
The reports also cited a Japanese reporter stationed in Taiwan who said Taiwanesee had not forgotten the goodwill shown by Japan in the wake of Taiwan’s devastating on Sept.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 34.67558
Retrieved Text: Pleas join us in giving back to the community this holiday season by donating blood with Unitil and the American Red Cross. Donated blood is used to help accident victims, trauma patients, and transplant recipient at hospitals across the country.
Participants will receive a complimentary Unitil flashlight key chain and a gift certificate for a six inch sub from Subway restaurants. Hope to see you there!

########
Rank: 14
Score: 34.615517
Retrieved Text: (SACRAMENTO) The seventh annual Get Prepared, California! Auction—sponsored by the California Earthquake Authority (CEA) and coordinated by iHeartMedia—has raised $175,978. Over the years, the auctions have raised a total of approximately $1,230,000 for disaster-preparedness and relief efforts in California.
Meet-and-greets with Maroon 5, Mario Lopez and The Weeknd.
Unique fan experiences at Los Angeles Dodgers, Clippers and Chargers games.
A new Kia Optima, which was delivered by radio, film and TV personality Big Boy.
The 2018 Get Prepared, California! Auction was promoted statewide on 58 iHeartMedia radio stations, and the total proceeds were announced through a check presentation to the American Red Cross on stage during iHeartMedia’s KIIS FM Wango Tango by AT&T concert in Los Angeles on June 2.
Since 2012, auction proceeds have helped to support 32 American Red Cross chapters throughout California. Funding so far has been enough to distribute 200,000 blankets at emergency shelters, 100,000 hot meals in communities, or 400,000 “comfort kits” that provide toiletries and personal items people may need after a disaster.
Most Californians live within 30 miles of an active fault. Scientists say there is more than a 99 percent chance that a magnitude-6.7 or greater quake will strike California within the next 30 years.
To learn more about the auction and steps Californians can take to get prepared for the next damaging earthquake, visit GetPreparedCalifornia.org.
The American Red Cross shelters, feeds and provides emotional support to victims of disasters; supplies nearly half of the nation’s blood; teaches lifesaving skills; provides international humanitarian aid; and supports military members and their families. The American Red Cross is

########
Rank: 15
Score: 34.46975
Retrieved Text: With her bubbly personality and her big heart, Oscar winner and mega-watt superstar Sandra Bullock nabbed the title of "America's Sweetheart" a long time ago. But what most people don't know about the private star is that she has a long history of giving big donations to people and causes in need.
Earlier today, E! News confirmed that the A-list actress, who owns a home in Austin, pledged $1 million to help victims of the tropical storm Hurricane Harvey, which has devastated the Houston, Texas area. Bullock's generous donation, along with a slew of other celebs who have given, will benefit the American Red Cross in its ongoing effort to help those impacted by the catastrophic flooding and destruction along Texas' Gulf Coast.
"I'm just grateful I can do it," Bullock said in a statement. "We have to take care of one another."
But this isn't only time the modest star, who doesn't seek attention for her charitable work, has given a great sum of money to help out after a tragedy strikes. Since 2001, she's given a total of $5 million to the Red Cross to help out with relief efforts after various disasters.
While donating $5 million is obviously an enormous amount, the Oscar winner has not stopped there. Bullock has helped build a clinic in New Orleans' oldest public high school and even donated money to help keep the legendary and aging pool manager of the Beverly Hills Hotel afloat after economic hardship.
Sandra Bullock donated $1 million to the Red Cross after the Sept. 11 attacks in

########
Rank: 16
Score: 34.07525
Retrieved Text: Throughout our Nation's history, Americans have worked together to care for those in need. The work of the American Red Cross exemplifies this tradition and reflects the good heart of our country. This year during American Red Cross Month, we recognize this organization for its 125 years of faithful service to our Nation and for its continued mission to help those in need at home and abroad.
Since Clara Barton founded the organization in 1881, the American Red Cross has offered aid and disaster relief to millions of individuals. From conducting blood drives and arranging family communications and other forms of support for our troops to providing relief for victims of natural disasters, the American Red Cross carries out emergency response around the globe. Local chapters help American communities respond to regional catastrophes and promote emergency preparedness with American Red Cross First Aid and CPR courses. Members of these chapters serve their communities by visiting homebound seniors, mentoring youth, distributing hot lunches, volunteering at homeless shelters, and offering transitional housing. They also educate young people on violence and substance abuse prevention and help in hospitals and nursing homes.
In 2005, a devastating hurricane season left millions displaced and homeless. The American Red Cross network of more than 800 chapters and thousands of volunteers provided food, shelter, counseling, and care to more than a million Gulf Coast families. Working in coordination with the International Red Cross and Red Crescent Movement, the American Red Cross has also assisted with relief efforts for victims of hurricanes and landslides in Latin America

########
Rank: 17
Score: 34.028713
Retrieved Text: San Francisco, CA, May 19, 2011 – VIZ Media, LLC (VIZ Media), one of the entertainment industry’s most innovative and comprehensive publishing, animation and licensing companies, continues to assist international fundraising efforts for Japanese disaster relief. The company has announced that it will make legendary manga (graphic novel) creator Takehiko Inoue’s newest Smile series of illustrations available to North American iPhone™, iPod™ Touch and iPad™ users via the VIZ Manga App. All VIZ Media proceeds from these purchases will be donated directly to the Japanese Red Cross Society to aid victims in the areas ravaged by the Tohoku earthquake and tsunami.
Beginning today, fans can enjoy these breathtaking and touching illustrations on the iPhone, iPod Touch and iPad. SMILE: PRAY FOR JAPAN Volume 1, contains Inoue’s illustrations numbered 34 through 100 and will be available for $9.99. SMILE: PRAY FOR JAPAN Volume 2 will contain illustrations 101 to 120 for $1.99. As Inoue creates additional pieces, VIZ Media will continue to make them available in sets of 20 for $1.99.
Takehiko Inoue (creator of VAGABOND, REAL, and SLAM DUNK, all published by VIZ Media) created these pieces as a gesture of support for the victims of the earthquake and tsunami that struck on March 11th. Using his finger and an iOS iPad app developed by Psoft Mobile called Zen Brush, he initially began drawing images of people smiling and posting them online as an experiment. But circumstances would have the Smile series take a different turn. On March 12th, the day after the massive earthquake, Inoue posted Smile

########
Rank: 18
Score: 33.87918
Retrieved Text: OSWEGO, NY – The local Oswego Chapter of the Red Cross was first organized in January of 1917.
Francis D. Culkin was the first president of the chapter.
Fees for membership to the Red Cross were one dollar per year.
The goal in 1917 was to establish 1,000 members.
The Red Cross provided services locally, and to soldiers during this time.
On July 14, 1916, a petition requesting the organization of a chapter was received by the national Red Cross signed by: Cora C. Parsons (Mrs. John S.), Myra R. Lovell (Mrs. M.S.), Alice W. Mott (Mrs. J.T.), Elvira N. Steill (Mrs. S.W.), and Emily Hartwell Neidlinger.
National located a letter to Francis D. Culkin of Oswego enclosing authority for the organization of the Oswego Chapter.
It was officially chartered May 16, 1917.
Sept. 14, 1917: D.A.R. Chapter decides to do Red Cross work as a unit. Our Red Cross by Mrs. W.B. Couch was fully discussed.
Sept. 15, 1917: Red Cross Yarn arrives to be used only for service men.
On the 40th anniversary, a dinner meeting was scheduled at the Presbyterian Church, West Fifth and Oneida streets, to commemorate the milestone. The price was $1.50 per person.
During the 1950s, support for the Hungarian Relief, flood relief, fire victims, and blood donations were all major projects.
Also during this time, the Red Cross and the United Way joined together. Many advertisements were published asking for donations, volunteers and support for the Red Cross.
One of the major supporters of the Red Cross at this time was Birds Eye Frosted Foods (A Division of General Foods).
A Red Cross

########
Rank: 19
Score: 33.84162
Retrieved Text: Brangelina announced a $1 million donation to Haiti quake victims. President Obama pledged $100 million, and the Red Cross $1 million. We count up the generous gifts to Haiti so far, from celebrities, governments, and aid groups.
Brangelina announced a $1 million donation to Haiti quake victims. President Obama pledged $100 million, and the Red Cross $10 million. We count up the generous gifts to Haiti so far, from celebrities, governments, and aid groups.
• U.S: “You will not be forsaken,” President Obama vowed to the people of Haiti, saying the United States’ initial $100 million commitment would grow over the course of the year. A specialized search-and-rescue team is already on the ground.
• The European Union’s initial donation to Haiti was $4.3 million. Belgium offered water-purification equipment, Sweden tents, and Luxembourg an urban search-and-rescue team.
• Brangelina: On Wednesday, the Jolie-Pitt Foundation announced a $1 million gift to Doctors Without Borders, which ran three hospitals in Port-au-Prince prior to the earthquake, and is now focused on providing emergency medical care. “It is incredibly horrible to see a catastrophe of this size hit a people who have been suffering from extreme poverty, violence, and unrest for so many decades," Jolie said.
• Media mogul Ted Turner, a longtime United Nations booster, has donated $1 million to the United Nations Foundation’s Haiti reconstruction efforts.
• The Red Cross promised an initial commitment of $10 million, and is shipping tarps, mosquito nets, and cooking sets for approximately 5,000 families from Panama to Haiti.
• Daily Beast’s Full Haiti Coverage• Plus: How You Can Help

########
Rank: 20
Score: 33.688324
Retrieved Text: The Red Cross is an international humanitarian network founded in 1863 in Switzerland, with chapters worldwide that provide assistance to victims of disasters, armed conflict and health crises. The Red Cross’s roots date to 1859, when businessman Henry Dunant witnessed the bloody aftermath of the Battle of Solferino in Italy, in which there was little medical support for injured soldiers. Dunant went on to advocate for the establishment of national relief organizations made up of trained volunteers who could offer assistance to war-wounded soldiers, regardless of which side of the fighting they were on.
In 1859, Swiss businessman Henry Dunant was traveling in northern Italy when he witnessed the aftermath of a bloody battle between Franco-Sardinian and Austrian forces near the small village of Solferino.
The fighting had left some 40,000 troops dead, wounded or missing, and both the armies, as well as the residents of the region, were ill-equipped to deal with the situation.
By 1862, Dunant published a book, A Memory of Solferino, in which he advocated for the establishment of national relief organizations made up of trained volunteers who could offer assistance to war-wounded soldiers, whichever side of the fighting they were on. The following year, Dunant was part of a Swiss-based committee that put together a plan for national relief associations.
In late 1863, the first national society was started in the German state of Württemberg.
And in 1864, 12 countries signed the original Geneva Convention, which called for the humane treatment of sick and wounded soldiers, regardless of nationality, and the civilians who came to their

########
Rank: 21
Score: 33.58143
Retrieved Text: Fans who are looking for a way to honor the tragedies of 9-11 can take advantage of the opportunity to give blood during Darlington Raceway’s 7th annual Blood Drive, scheduled for Tuesday, September 11, 2012.
The event, which will take place from 8:00am – 7:00pm on September 11, is now accepting appointments in advance by going to www.redcrossblood.org, clicking on the ‘Make a Blood Donation Appointment’ link and entering the sponsor code: darlingtonraceway; or by calling 1-800-REDCROSS. Appointments are encouraged in advance to ensure participation in the blood drive.
For each donation, fans will get a behind-the-scenes look at the Lady in Black, which includes an opportunity to take their vehicle for laps around the Darlington oval, as well as an American Red Cross gift bag. Free food and beverages will be provided for donors courtesy of Bojangles’.
It’s important to remember that one unit of donated blood can be transfused up to three people. The 2011 event collected 143 units of blood, thus potentially saving the lives of 429 people.
The American Red Cross S.C. Blood Services Region provides lifesaving blood to 54 hospitals and must have 500 people give blood and platelets each weekday to meet hospital demand. Accident victims as well as patients with cancer, sickle cell disease, blood disorders and other illnesses receive lifesaving transfusions every day. There is no substitute for blood and volunteer donors are the only source.
Blood can be safely donated every 56 days. Platelets can be given safely every two weeks, up to 24 times a year. Most healthy people age 17

########
Rank: 22
Score: 33.426933
Retrieved Text: The 2010 Haitian earthquake was a catastrophic magnitude 7.0 Richter earthquake. Its epicenter was approximately 16 miles west of the capital of the Haiti. It occurred on Tuesday January 12th. By best estimates, about three million people were affected and the disaster would claim over 200,000 lives. Many prominent figures in Haiti were among the dead. Most of the vital infrastructures were badly damaged or destroyed.
Haiti has a long history of destructive earthquakes dating back to 1750. It is the poorest country in the western Hemisphere.
The most recent disasters to hit the island were tropical storm Fay and hurricanes Gustav, Hanna and Ike, all in the summer of 2008, resulting in 800 deaths.
The clothing industry, which accounts for two-thirds of Haiti’s export, was reported to have been damaged badly.
Estimated two million people living on the streets, having nowhere to go. Thousands of dead bodies all over. Thousands and thousands are buried in mass graves.
Many countries responded to the appeals and launched fund raising efforts. Medicine, food, and other aid are being sent from around the world.
American Red Cross set a record for mobile donations, raising $7 million in 24 hours.
Barack Obama, the president of United State, stated: “We do not view this humanitarian mission with a life cycle of a month. This will be on our radar screen long after it’s off the crawler at the CNN. This is going to be a long slog.” And we agree with his assertion.
They should know it better than everybody else.
Beside appealing to their members at the time of

########
Rank: 23
Score: 33.402134
Retrieved Text: Are you up for a challenge? Help save lives this summer and take part in the Q90 Pints of Summer challenge by donating blood or platelets with the American Red Cross.
The Q90 Pints of Summer kicks off just after Memorial Day and runs through Labor Day. Record your donation on behalf of Q90 FM when you donate blood or platelets at any Red Cross blood drive or donation center. The goal is to collect 90 donations before Labor Day!
sign the One-A-Week Blood Donor Club sign-in sheet (located in the refreshment area) to indicate that they’re donating on behalf of Q90 FM. Tune in to the Q Breakfast Club with Kid and Scotty every Monday beginning on June 3rd, at approximately 7:50 a.m. as they’ll announce the names of local lifesavers and interview a Red Cross representative.
Team up with friends and family to make it more fun and exciting. Who’s ready to kick start this summer challenge?
To find upcoming donation opportunities in the Q90 FM listening area, call 1-800-RED CROSS (1-800-733-2767) or visit redcrossblood.org.
Click HERE for video of program.
Sunday, May 19 on CW 14 Focus host Robert Hornacek was joined by two guests from the American Red Cross.
Bob Mayer, health and safety logistics coordinator, and Jody Weyers, regional director of volunteers and communications, both from the American Red Cross, appeared on the program.
Mayer and Weyers spoke about the mission and work or the American Red Cross, including the group’s disaster relief services, blood donations program and community education programs.
They also spoke about the need for volunteers and

########
Rank: 24
Score: 33.397408
Retrieved Text: With a flick of his pen, Cadet Trey Swinton made out a check for nearly $1,200 on Tuesday and then presented it to Louise Welch Williams, chief executive officers of the American Red Cross Lowcountry Chapter.
Cadet Trey Swinton, regimental human affairs officer, completes a check for nearly $1,200 that was raised by the Corps of Cadets for relief efforts in Haiti.
The money, which was raised during a benefit concert organized by the South Carolina Corps of Cadets, was one of three monetary donations given to the Red Cross for earthquake relief efforts in Haiti.
Along with the cadets, the Student Government Association of The Citadel Graduate College on Tuesday presented $50 in cash and several bags and boxes of clothing and non perishable food items for the relief effort. Earlier this month, athletes at The Citadel raised $840 at a basketball game and a wrestling match.
Aramark, the campus dining services provider, donated the proceeds of jumbo pretzel concessions during the Jan. 21 Bulldog basketball game. Aramark sold 94 pretzels, contributing more than $200 dollars.
In total, members of The Citadel family raised approximately $2,288 to help the people of Haiti.
“I’m very proud of everyone who got behind this idea and was so generous with their time and money,” Swinton said. “This idea came to me because I wondered how our government was going help, but I realized that as Americans we can and should respond to the call for help."
Cadets and Citadel Graduate College students gather for the presentation to the American Red Cross Lowcountry Chapter for relief

########
Rank: 25
Score: 33.309383
Retrieved Text: Organizations helping earthquake- and tsunami-ravaged Japan have made it easy for Canadians to donate.
Canadian wireless customers with most major carriers can text ASIA to 30333, to donate $5 to the Canadian Red Cross Japan Earthquake/Asia-Pacific Tsunami fund and there is no charge for the text.
According to the Canadian Red Cross, a total of $3 million has already been donated by Canadians since the catastrophic 8.9 magnitude earthquake Friday.
Those wanting to help can donate online at redcross.ca or call 1-800-418-1111.
James Astleford, donor-relations director for ADRA Canada, a humanitarian agency established by the Seventh-day Adventist Church, said his organization has representatives in Japan working with stranded residents.
The Christian Reformed World Relief Committee has set up a Japan donation website as well and says it is working with partners on the ground to determine what role its volunteers can play.
Donations to CRWRC can also be made by calling 1-800-730-3490.
Médicins Sans Frontières says two teams of three people are trying to reach the worst-hit areas in Japan’s Iwate and Miyagi prefectures.
UNICEF says it has already positioned supplies and personnel in countries throughout the Pacific region.
Plan International Canada had an emergency-response team on standby in Indonesia, where it has a warehouse stocked with 5,000 family kits available for immediate distribution.
World Vision Canada has also set up a webpage to solicit donations to provide disaster relief for victims of the earthquake.
UJA Federation of Greater Toronto, a group that supports IsraAid, an Israel-based humanitarian organization sending teams of rescue personnel, emergency medical officers and water pollution purification specialists to Japan, is also accepting

########
Rank: 26
Score: 33.307335
Retrieved Text: Through the national airline’s staff social and welfare club - The Creole Sky Club - Air Seychelles Staff collected RS33,000 amongst themselves and contributed to the Haiti Relief Fund manage by Red Cross Society of Seychelles.
Part of the funds donated was raised from ticket sales for a staff talent show held in November last year.
At the presentation ceremony held today at the airline’s Sales & Reservations Office at Independence House, the Chairperson of the Creole Sky Club, Mrs Nicole Mancienne presented the cheque to the President of the Red Cross Society of Seychelles (RCSS), Mrs Colette Servina.
Air Seychelles’ staff from various departments within the airline attended today’s presentation.
Speaking at today’s ceremony Mrs Mancienne said: “ I thank all Air Seychelles staff who have responded towards this appeal to help victims of the Haiti earthquake and also for the support and generosity shown through their contributions, which will definitely bring hope and joy to the affected people of Haiti ”.
Mrs Mancienne, who is the airline’s Head of Sales & Distribution in the Marketing Department, noted that Seychelles and Haiti share a lot in common as small island states especially as well as a Creole-speaking nation – and when this natural disaster hit the island earlier this year, this calamity brought major concern to the world including other island states.
On behalf of the RCSS, Mrs Servina thanked the staff of Air Seychelles for their concern and participating in the appeal made by Red Cross International worldwide.
She expressed her gratitude towards various organizations in Seychelles, including Air Seychelles for

########
Rank: 27
Score: 32.845234
Retrieved Text: May 5, 2011 - Hudson’s Bay Company announced today the results of its national ‘Donate Your HBC Rewards Points’ campaign in support of Japan earthquake relief efforts, which raised over $200,000. The funds are being donated to the Canadian Red Cross to provide on-the-ground assistance, including evacuation support, shelter and first aid to those affected by the devastating earthquake and tsunami in March.
From April 10 to April 30, 2011, all Bay, Zellers and Home Outfitters locations across the country offered Canadians the opportunity to contribute to relief efforts by donating their HBC Rewards points to the Canadian Red Cross Japan Earthquake & Asia Pacific Tsunami relief fund. Contributions made by both customers and associates raised $136,597. In addition to this amount, Hudson’s Bay Company is making and additional donation of $100,000 for a total donation of $236,597.
Customers who wish to continue supporting the Japan Earthquake & Asia Pacific Tsunami relief efforts beyond April 30, 2011 may do so by visiting www.hbcrewards.ca and registering their on-going commitment to the Canadian Red Cross through the HBC Rewards Community Program. Donations can also be made directly to the Canadian Red Cross at www.redcross.ca/helpnow, by calling toll free 1-800-418-1111 or at any Red Cross office.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 32.72234
Retrieved Text: MTSU sets $300K goal for ‘True..
Festival of Chinese Arts retur..
There’s still time to squeeze into one of a few remaining appointments this Monday, Feb. 11, and “circulate the love” among Middle Tennessee neighbors by donating lifesaving support at MTSU’s valentine blood drive.
The event is set from noon to 6 p.m. Feb. 11 in Room 322 inside the Keathley University Center, located at 1524 Military Memorial Drive in the center of campus.
A campus map is available at http://tinyurl.com/MTParkingMap. Off-campus donors can obtain a special one-day permit at www.mtsu.edu/parking/visit.php.
This blood drive is open to MTSU students, faculty, staff, alumni, friends and neighbors across Middle Tennessee. Each donor will receive a T-shirt as thanks for their lifesaving help.
Donors can make an appointment for Feb. 11 here, use the new “American Red Cross Blood” app, or text “BLOODAPP” to 90999. Walk-in donors also are welcome.
The Heart of Tennessee chapter of the American Red Cross has said that local — and national — blood supplies are so low that they’re making emergency appeals for eligible donors of all types.
Platelet donors are urgently needed, and people with type O blood — the “universal donor” — are especially asked to take an hour to donate.
Blood donated at MTSU can help neighbors in all 17 counties the Heart of Tennessee chapter serves: Rutherford, Bedford, Cannon, Clay, Coffee, DeKalb, Franklin, Jackson, Lincoln, Overton, Marshall, Moore, Pickett, Putnam, VanBuren, Warren and White counties. Blood products also can be shared with the rest of Tennessee’s 95 counties, folks in Arkansas and Mississippi, and nationwide if necessary.
The American

########
Rank: 29
Score: 32.43481
Retrieved Text: Dialing ethical number 45500, 9.755.718,00 euro have been collected. During last night there have been a peak of donations, also thanks to awareness campaign made by Castrocaro Festival and at the “Notte della Taranta”, live on Rai channel. Donations are transferred from telephone managers to Civil Protection Department for areas hit by the earthquake.
The victims of Central Italy earthquake are 290.
240 dead in the province of Rieti, of which 229 in Amatrice and 11 in Accumuli and other 50 victims in Marche.
Now, 2688 people receive assistance and live in 58 camps and structures built for them. 16 are the structures available in Lazio and other 16 those available in Marche, in which live respectively 995 and 938 people. There are also 26 areas in Umbria where other 755 people live.
In Abruzzo there are 5 camps about to be preparred.
Civil Protection Chief Department, Fabrizio Curcio presided the meeting for the Di.coma.c (Direzione comando e Controllo) in Rieti, Largo Graziosi, on 28th August at 12 p.m. At the end of the conference, the Chief Department met journalists to explain how activities will be developped.
With the Di.coma.c in Rieti and the closure of Operative Commitee – gathered in Rome during the night of 24th August, suddenly after the earthquake -, the National Service of Civil Protection operates directly in the areas most hit by the earthquake in order to assist people. Dicomac promotes the indications and the orders of Civil Protection Chief Department and operates in cooperation with other forces on the areas.
In the areas hit by the earthquake,

================



======= Instance Index 493 =========
Input Text: The word "potluck" has multiple meanings. Does it have the same meaning in sentences 1 and 2? Yes or no?

Sentence 1: Here's a good potluck of beans and stew.
Sentence 2: Having arrived unannounced we had to take potluck.

Target Text: Yes

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 44.09622
Retrieved Text: 1. Whatever food happens to be available for a meal, especially when offered to a guest: Having arrived unannounced for supper, we had to take potluck.
2. A meal at which each guest brings food that is then shared by all. Also called potluck supper.
3. Whatever is available at a particular time: The scheduled flight was canceled and passengers had to take potluck on the other airlines.
1. a meal that happens to be available without special preparation or purchase.
2. Also called pot′luck sup′per. a meal, esp. for a large group, to which participants bring food to be shared.
3. whatever is available or comes one's way.
- Comes from the practice of throwing leftovers in a pot—with luck determining how good the stew would taste.
Noun 1. potluck - whatever happens to be available especially when offered to an unexpected guest or when brought by guests and shared by all; "having arrived unannounced we had to take potluck"; "a potluck supper"
I am grown by sympathy a little eager and sentimental, but leave me alone and I should relish every hour and what it brought me, the potluck of the day, as heartily as the oldest gossip in the bar-room.
They gather for a potluck before the screening and food, discuss an LGBT issue, then watch an LGBT-themed movie.
On Saturday evening at the track is a potluck meal.
Maybe you're having a family potluck, begging your friend to cook, or hopping random parties.
For several years, friends have hosted a potluck and bridge tournament to celebrate her birthday.
For example, the midweek Lenten potluck and

########
Rank: 1
Score: 31.393122
Retrieved Text: City Barbeque, known for its award-winning smoked meats, scratch-made sides, and indulgent desserts, has added two new healthy limited-time offerings to the menu: the classic Southern barbeque dish Brunswick Stew, and a fresh Southwest Slaw.
“While our Brunswick Stew doesn’t have rabbit or squirrel, it’s still a delicious homage to a barbeque classic, and an item we’re really proud of,” says Brian Hipsher, VP of Marketing for City Barbeque. “Our guests have been asking for more healthy options, and while our award-winning smoked meats are already healthy, we’re always excited to add new nutritious ‘que to our menu.” City Barbeque’s Brunswick Stew features beef brisket, pulled pork, and smoked turkey, as well as homemade chicken stock, sweet corn, carrots, black beans, and more. This protein-packed stew is 130 calories for a side (for $2.79), 240 calories for a bowl ($5.49).
City Barbeque’s healthy, house-made Southwest Slaw is another new side option. This fresh slaw features superfood greens, sweet corn, black beans, cherry tomatoes, bell peppers, red onions, and fresh, hand-diced jalapeño in a cilantro lime vinaigrette. Guests can get a side of Southwest Slaw for $2.79 (90 calories), or pick up a pint or quart to take to fall’s first potluck.
These two new items are available at all City Barbeque locations, but only for a limited time.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 30.630539
Retrieved Text: Meet your new fall favorites: Brunswick Stew and Southwest Slaw!
We’re so excited to introduce our two newest scratch-made menu items, just in time for fall: Brunswick Stew and Southwest Slaw!
Folks have been asking, and we’re so happy to answer: City Barbeque now has Brunswick Stew! This made-from-scratch barbeque staple features award-winning brisket, pulled pork, smoked turkey, homemade chicken stock, sweet corn, black beans, green peppers… and that’s just the half of it! We’ll be selling the stew as a side ($2.79) or a bowl ($5.49) for you to get your Brunswick fix.
Looking for something lighter? Our healthy, house-made Southwest Slaw features superfood greens, sweet corn, black beans, cherry tomatoes, bell peppers, red onions, and fresh jalapeno in a cilantro lime vinaigrette. (This slaw’s not spicy: that hand-diced jalapeno just adds a terrific kick!) Get your kicks now with a side of Southwest Slaw for $2.79, or pick up a pint or quart to take to fall’s first potluck.
Keep it real with our take on a barbeque classic, or keep on track with our fresh new superfood slaw—you can do both starting today! But remember, these new faves are only around for a limited time, so get your stew/slaw on while you can.
UPDATE, UPDATE… we’re now also serving your favorite, classic seasonal side: Sweet Potato Casserole! Our sweet potato casserole starts out every day as fresh sweet potatoes. It ends the day as a scratch-made casserole, served with a crunchy topping of brown sugar and pecans.
Our fave fall side is back: Sweet Potato Casserole!

########
Rank: 3
Score: 27.302868
Retrieved Text: Slow Cooker Pineapple Baked Beans - absolutely THE BEST baked beans! Bacon, baked beans, onion, mustard, bbq sauce, smoked pork and the secret ingredient - pineapple! SO good! I could make a meal out of these delicious beans! They slow cook all day in the slow cooker. Great for a potluck crowd. Took these to a cookout and everyone asked for the recipe!
These Slow Cooker Baked Beans are my new favorite baked bean recipe. I could make a meal out of these beans. They are CRAZY good!! These are not your ordinary baked beans. There is a secret ingredient that makes all the difference. What is the secret ingredient? Pineapple tidbits! Sounds weird, but it totally makes this recipe! SO good!
These Slow Cooker Baked Beans start off with some canned baked beans. Next, add some bacon, onion, brown sugar, bbq sauce, mustard, pineapple and pulled pork. Seriously, it could be a main dish! I used some leftover Slow Cooker Bourbon and Coke Pulled Pork in these beans. You can buy some pork from your favorite BBQ joint or in the refrigerated section at the grocery store.
This recipe makes a TON. It would be great for a potluck or cookout. The beans reheat well. We ate these a few days in a row and they tasted great every single time!
Slow Cooker Baked Beans - absolutely THE BEST baked beans! Bacon, baked beans, onion, mustard, bbq sauce, smoked pork and the secret ingredient - pineapple! SO good! I could make a meal out of these delicious beans! They

########
Rank: 4
Score: 26.15866
Retrieved Text: Wow your friends and family with tasty potluck recipes from this FREE eCookbook! From bite-sized desserts to potluck salads and appetizers, there are so many recipes that'll help turn your potluck into a unforgettable affair.
This Indian-inspired dish is a true culinary delight. With recipes like this, nobody would ever think of stew as boring! Your whole gang will be asking for seconds of our Curried Lamb Stew.
In a large skillet, melt the butter over medium-high heat. sauté the lamb chunks and onions for 12 to 15 minutes, or until no pink remains in the lamb.
Stir in the flour, then the broth. Add the remaining ingredients; mix well.
Reduce the heat to low, cover, and simmer for 1 hour, or until the meat is fork-tender.
Granny Smith apples are one of the best types to use for this because they're a little firmer and hold up well to heat.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 25.618206
Retrieved Text: Vegan Veggie Stew: This veggie stew recipe is yet another simple yet satisfying recipe from Dr. Joe Fuhrman’s Eat to the Live cookbook. All the recipes in this book are plant-based and almost oil-free.
I made few changes to create my own version of the vegan veggie stew to use the vegetables I had in my refrigerator.
This easy to make veggie stew can be made in no time on busy weekday nights when you want a healthy, wholesome dinner in less than an hour.
By the time you can decide to order pizza and wait for it to be delivered, you can make this vegetarian stew recipe if you have all the vegetables prepared and ready to go.
It goes well with a slice of toasted whole wheat bread or good just by itself.
If you are not using canned beans, soak the beans overnight and cook it. Keep it ready to use it in the stew recipe.
Any beans of your choice can be used. Similarly whatever vegetables you have in hand can be included in this versatile vegetable stew recipe.
Looking to make a healthy dinner as quickly as possible? Then try this veggie vegan stew with loads of veggies and greens making it super healthy and filling too. Use seasonal vegetables, different blends of spices to make it interesting each and every time. Curry powder, garam masala, and cilantro is another option to give the stew an Indian flavor.
In a large pot heat the oil and saute the minced garlic and onion with a pinch of salt.
Once the onions

########
Rank: 6
Score: 25.495367
Retrieved Text: 1. Whatever food happens to be available for a meal, especially when offered to a guest: Having arrived unannounced for supper, we had to take potluck.
2. A meal at which each guest brings food that is then shared by all. Also called potluck supper.
3. Whatever is available at a particular time: The scheduled flight was canceled and passengers had to take potluck on the other airlines.
1. a meal that happens to be available without special preparation or purchase.
2. Also called pot′luck sup′per. a meal, esp. for a large group, to which participants bring food to be shared.
3. whatever is available or comes one's way.
- Comes from the practice of throwing leftovers in a pot—with luck determining how good the stew would taste.
Noun 1. potluck - whatever happens to be available especially when offered to an unexpected guest or when brought by guests and shared by all; "having arrived unannounced we had to take potluck"; "a potluck supper"
I am grown by sympathy a little eager and sentimental, but leave me alone and I should relish every hour and what it brought me, the potluck of the day, as heartily as the oldest gossip in the bar-room.
They gather for a potluck before the screening and food, discuss an LGBT issue, then watch an LGBT-themed movie.
On Saturday evening at the track is a potluck meal.
Maybe you're having a family potluck, begging your friend to cook, or hopping random parties.
For several years, friends have hosted a potluck and bridge tournament to celebrate her birthday.
For example, the midweek Lenten potluck and

########
Rank: 7
Score: 25.314268
Retrieved Text: With a few simple ingredients and time, you can make a delicious, slow cooked New England baked beans dinner. Skip the can and simmer your own homemade baked beans in your crock pot or slow cooker.
Just about every culture has their version of a baked bean dish.
The Native Americans taught the early settlers how to bake beans in clay pots in the ground. They cooked the beans with maple syrup and pieces of venison or bear meat to add flavor.
The custom of serving baked beans for Saturday dinner originates from Puritan times. Preparation for baked beans dinners began on Friday by sorting and soaking the beans. On Saturday, the beans and ingredients were added to a bean pot and placed inside the oven to cook all day. Baked beans were served for Saturday’s supper and again on Sunday while the family observed the Sabbath.
Logging camps relied on baked beans as a nutritious dense, inexpensive food to feed their workers who labored deep in the woods for months at a time. The cooks would prepare the baked beans in a cast iron Dutch oven and bake them in bean hole in the ground just like the Native Americans did.
Today baked beans are still served at church suppers, potluck dinners, family gatherings, and fundraisers. There are many variations of baked beans throughout different areas and even among members of the same family. Almost every family has a recipe with a secret ingredient or two.
Here in New England, molasses and maple syrup are common sweeteners used in making baked

########
Rank: 8
Score: 25.088474
Retrieved Text: The next time you're in the kitchen utensil aisle, resist the urge to buy that strawberry stem remover. You already own a better tool for the job.
It's always good to be mindful about spending, but for the unemployed, an abstract should is a real world must. Here's how to cut back, fast.
Spelling and grammar miscues are embarrassing and irksome — and maybe even career threatening. Trap those errors before they trip you up with a few simple tricks.
You know rice and beans are healthy and delicious. But did you know there are as many ways to prepare rice and beans as there are beans in the bag? Here're 35 to get you started.
A durable, comfortable Chrome messenger bag is just the thing for hauling a laptop to work or a casserole to a potluck.
Need to map a ride or track your training? Keep your crank turning with the help of one of these 10 easy-to-use, and inexpensive, smartphone apps.
Braces can be a necessary medical treatment — and they can also be exceedingly expensive. Here are five ways to blunt the sharp cost of straight teeth.
Do you sit at a desk all day and rarely leave your chair? Here are 25 ways to avoid a sedentary lifestyle and help keep your mind and body healthy.
From giving handmade items to sharing experiences like storytelling nights, discover wonderful and different ways to celebrate the spirit of Chanukah.
If you're stressed out, overworked, and have a brain that changes focus faster than a hummingbird beats its wings, follow these suggestions to

########
Rank: 9
Score: 25.026758
Retrieved Text: ​The traditional Portugese stew Feijoada is cooked with meat and beans but this is a vegetarian version adapted with black-eyed peas. This dish is also known as Alsande or Melgor, a coconut-based stew, mildly spiced which goes well with rice, rotis or bread. Another variation is with additional ingredients that are roasted before grinding to a paste. Black-eyed peas can be replaced with red kidney beans or any legumes. A healthy alternative to meat, packed with nutrients and vitamins.
The black-eyed peas are soaked for a couple of hours in hot water to hydrate and cooked until tender. Incorporated in a spice paste along with tomato puree and coconut milk. A hearty, delicious and satisfying stew with the beans soft and creamy in texture. Sugar added to the dish contributes a pleasant surprise to the palate.
In Southern United States, consuming black-eyed peas on New Year's day is said to bring fortune during the year. High in fibre, regulating the digestive system and cholesterol levels. Low in fat, calories and glycemic index. Good source of protein, contains iron, zinc and potassium. Helps in weight loss, reducing the risk of heart disease and diabetes. Packed with nutrients, it is important to include these peas in your diet.
Soak beans in hot water for two hours ensuring to change the water after one hour. Alternatively, the beans can be soaked overnight. Drain out the water and cover beans with fresh water. Cook with salt for 30 minutes till tender. Discard the water (as it turns black) and reserve the beans.
Heat oil

########
Rank: 10
Score: 24.895336
Retrieved Text: Winter Spice Chickpea Stew | The Olive Press Sonoma, Ca.
This year, be good to yourself—eat more vegetables, beans, and healthy fats. It’s easy to do when it tastes good!
For a hearty meat-free meal this winter, try this delectable stew. Chickpeas, also known as garbanzo beans, make up the bulk of the dish, and they’re accented with spices like cumin and cinnamon and sweet, caramelized vegetables. Rather than adding wine or sugar to the stew for extra flavor, we opted for a touch of our Fig Balsamic Vinegar—its robust fruity notes pair perfectly with the Middle Eastern flavors of the dish. Finished off with savory olives and fresh mint, it’s a stew unlike any you’ve ever had, but one you’ll definitely want to make again.
It’s hard to believe, but this stew is gluten-free, vegan, and perfect for any wholesome appetite. Enjoy!
Heat oil in a medium pot over medium. Add onion and cook until golden, stirring occasionally, about 7 minutes. Add zucchini and cook until light golden, stirring, about 4 minutes.
Add garlic, cinnamon, cumin, salt, and pepper to pot; cook until fragrant, stirring, about 1 minute.
Add chickpeas, tomatoes, broth, and vinegar to pot; bring to a boil over high heat. Reduce to a simmer, cover, and cook 15 minutes.
Add olives and mint to pot; stir and cook until heated through, about 2 minutes. Serve warm.
Notes: Makes 4 large servings.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 24.834812
Retrieved Text: White bean stew is a delicious meal, easy to make and very healthy and nutritious. The recipe below is made with dry beans, stewed in red sauce made with chopped tomatoes or tomato paste and onion. White beans are legumes high in protein and have significant amount of fiber in them. In Albania white beans stew is usually served with fermented food such as pickled tomato or cucumber also rice and bread. This recipe can be a very good vegetarian meal by simply omitting the meat. Dry white beans also are called fasule or grosh, depending on the region or country.
Place the white beans in a pot and and cover with 6 cups of cold water. Bring it to a gentle boil for 15 minutes then drain the water. In a large heavy bottom pot, pour 6 cups of hot water. Stir in white beans (once boiled) and beef chuck short ribs. Bring it to a boil, cover and simmer in medium-high heat. White beans need to be cooked for about 1 hour or until they are soft. While you simmering white beans, skim off any foam that rises on the top of the stock from the meat. Stir often and add hot water as needed when it evaporates. Meantime in another skilled, saute chopped onion with olive oil over medium heat. Cook and stir until softened about 3-5 minutes. Add paprika and crushed red pepper and cook for 30 sec. Pour chopped tomatoes and bring to boil, then simmer uncovered in medium-low heat, stirring frequently

########
Rank: 12
Score: 24.781418
Retrieved Text: Crock-Pots or slow cookers have become really popular again, lets face it they are quite a marvelous invention. They offer a very cheap way of cooking and dinner can be ready to eat as soon as you get home from work - no mess no fuss. Now whenever you think of a meal cooked in a slow cooker you tend to think it's all stews and casseroles. But you can actually cook certain foods wrapped in foil which of course means even less washing up as the crock-pot is as clean at the end as it was before any cooking began!
Perfect for bonfire night or great for students these cheesy beany potatoes may not look amazing but let me tell you if you this was good! Prepared in just five minutes then left to cook all day long while you're working or maybe you just have something else to do other than stand over a cooker.
Lets face it baked beans are really good for you too, high in fibre and virtually fat-free which is probably just as well since these potatoes are loaded with cheese!
So since Crock-Pot are making October #Crocktober a slow cooking campaign, I was asked to make a recipe and was sent this Digital Crock-Pots and a Crock-Pot Food Warmer (a great little gadget that re-heats cooked food while you are in the office) just put the food into the bowl, plug in and 3 hours later your food will be piping hot and ready to eat. Sadly I don't work in the

########
Rank: 13
Score: 24.706562
Retrieved Text: I had forgotten how much I love black beans. I used to make a tasty black bean and salsa soup in university. With canned black beans, it was a quick and easy meal. At that time, I tried to cook black beans from dry but it didn’t work out well. I recall hard beans in a black soup. So I hadn’t really ventured to try again. Until now.
As I was reading through Viva Vegan, I was inspired to try cooking my own black beans again. I still had the 3+ year old black beans from my last adventure, so, first, I opted to buy fresh beans.
Then I got to work creating this lovely black bean and portobello Brazilian-style stew. I say Brazilian-style since authentic feijoada involves lots of meat. Instead of meat, this vegan stew does not compromise in taste. It uses both portobello mushrooms and TVP (textured vegetable protein) for a meaty texture. TVP soaks up the broth nicely and like tofu, tastes like its surroundings. It is plump and juicy, and feels like ground meat. It is also probably one of the cheapest forms of protein (I bought mine at Essence of Life, and it is at Bulk Barn, but I am fairly confident you can find it in well-stocked grocery stores as well). I really liked the flavourful combination of mushrooms, black beans, cumin and thyme in the stew.
A few pointers for next time, don’t start cooking the stew until your beans are at least 1.5-2 hours through their cooking time. I had

########
Rank: 14
Score: 24.638432
Retrieved Text: Mangu, cassava, green banana, yam pure, French fries, or mashed potato.
Served with red, white sauce, or Alfredo sauce.
Served with rice, tostones, fries, or vegetables.
Served with rice and beans, rice with beans, cassava, green banana, tostones, or sweet plantains.
Fried pork chops, rice, and beans.
Fried chicken, chunks or boneless, rice, and beans.
Fried fish, rice, and beans.
Pasta in red sauce, rice, and beans.
Fried chicken wing, rice, and beans.
One baked or stew chicken, rice, beans, salad, and two liter soda.
Chicken chicharron, rice, beans, salad, and 2-liter soda.
Stew oxtail, rice, beans, salad, and 2-liter soda.
Fried pork chop, rice, beans, salad, and 2-liter soda.
Boneless chicken chicharron, salad, and 2-liter soda.
Roast pork, rice, beans, salad, and a 2-liter soda.
Onion steak, rice, beans, salad, and two liter soda.
BBQ pork ribs, rice, beans, salad, and two liter soda.
Stew goat rice, beans, salad, and two liter soda.
Fried beef rice, beans, salad, and two liter soda.
Stew beef rice, beans, salad, and two liter soda.
Fried pork meat rice, beans, salad, and two liter soda.
Fried fish slice rice, beans, salad, and two liter soda.
Pepper chicken or grilled chicken breast, rice beans, salad, an two liter soda.
Pepper steak rice, beans, salad, and two liter soda.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 24.629728
Retrieved Text: This time of year I like to make soups and stews! It is hearty and tasty when the days get short and the weather gets cold.
This is one of my favorite stew recipes, that I have been making in the Crock Pot for years. This stew uses cornmeal to thicken the stew, which gives it a unique taste.
I like to serve this over cornbread, but it is also good served over noodles or rice. By the time the stew is done cooking the pork is tender and the flavors have melded into a distinct chili like taste.
I also like that this doesn’t require me to brown anything before adding it to the slow cooker! Some crockpot recipes take a while to put together in the morning, but with this one you can literally just dump everything in and leave it. My whole family loves this stew, and it is one of my most requested dinners. It is quick and easy to make, and delicious to eat!
This hearty pork stew can be made in the slow cooker for dinner.
Combine everything but corn in slow cooker and mix well. Cook 6-8 hours on low.
Add corn and cook a few minutes more.
Serve over cornbread or corn muffins.
What are your favorite stew for cold weather?
Oh! My husband would love this!!
Thanks for sharing this recipe. I made it yesterday and it was delicious. I used black beans instead of pinto beans. Thanks again!

########
Rank: 16
Score: 24.556787
Retrieved Text: The only thing I enjoy more than beans is spicy beans, and that's what I recently made for our office potluck.
I always like to take something I know I'll enjoy just in case everything else being offered can also be found on a supermarket shelf (which is sadly what happens more often than not).
This recipe from Susan of Food Blogga caught my eye when she posted it almost a year ago, and I finally got around to trying it myself. With a few personalizing tweaks, it was everything I hoped it would be. I used my homemade barbecue sauce and I added waaaaay more cilantro, tomatoes, and some jalapenos for extra heat. The result is a bright, fresh, filling, and fiery mix of flavors and textures, and I loved it.
Saute the corn until lightly browned, about 3-4 minutes. Remove from heat, and add to a large bowl. Add the green and jalapeno peppers, rinsed beans, drained tomatoes, and barbecue sauce; stir until well combined. Gently stir in the cilantro. Adjust seasonings if necessary. Serve at room temperature or slightly chilled, though it tastes better if it's allowed to marinate for at least a couple of hours.
My guess is that your homemade BBQ sauce is what made it SO tasty. Hope the office folk enjoyed it!
Looks real tasty Grace I love spicy beans too yum.
These beans look delicious. I love a good home made bean salad, and this one has a fantastic, spicy twist to it!
I love all the colors, and the mix sounds delicious! I have

########
Rank: 17
Score: 24.401209
Retrieved Text: I have another fantastic recipe to spotlight for you this week! Last week’s meals all ended up being award-winning in our book. Just click on Our Allergy Meal Plan for Jan.13-19 to see what all we enjoyed. The recipe I’m spotlighting this week was especially good because we all considered it the best versions of Beef Stew we have had.
The Easy Crockpot Beef Stew recipe comes from my dear bloggie friend, Kelly from The Nourishing Home. The best thing about this recipe is that I didn’t change anything about it…almost! 🙂 (You know me, I can hardly leave a recipe alone.) The only change I made was I moved from the crockpot to the stove top. Besides the fact that I don’t cook with the crockpot very much (except dried beans), I didn’t have all the ingredients early enough in the day to slow cook it.
Brown the stew beef in a little oil; remove to a plate before it’s cooked through.
Add the remaining ingredients into the pot, except the green beans.
Once vegetables are al dente, add the beef back into the pot and add in the green beans.
When everything has cooked up, you can break up in large chunks of beef. I found that by doing this, I actually smashed up some of the potatoes. This process thickened up the stew so that it was no longer necessary to add in extra starch to thicken it.
And that’s it! The flavors of this stew were fresh and clean tasting, not to mention out of this world! We

########
Rank: 18
Score: 24.370832
Retrieved Text: This month’s linkup topic is Comfort Food. Perfect for this time of year, I’d say, with the cold and wind. It’s the time of year one fires up the stove top and makes dish after dish that simmer for hours to make a meal that warm the home and satisfy both body and soul.
This dish is a compilation of everything I love: it has wine, fresh herbs and garlic, white beans that melt in your mouth and meat so tender you can cut it with a spoon. Fresh tomato sauce reminds me of summer, and the mushrooms add a bit of taste and texture.
The actual preparation of this dish is not difficult at all, but to make all the components from scratch, as I do, you will want to have some time on your hands. Let me give you the recipe, and then I will include links to recipes on my blog how to prepare the individual ingredients like the stock and tomato sauce.
This recipe makes quite a lot – easily divide in half if you are serving for yourself or a few people. It is quite delicious fresh, but as with a lot of stews and slow cooked meals the leftovers are even better the next day!
2) Take 2 lbs stew beef (preferably from the shoulder or chuck) and pat dry. Add a touch of salt and pepper to all pieces. Get a saute pan very hot, add a bit of olive oil. Sear all pieces on both sides for about 3-5 minutes, or until

########
Rank: 19
Score: 24.301392
Retrieved Text: Just because you eat like a caveman doesn't mean you shouldn't take advantage of modern conveniences.
Better than take-out. Recipe here.
Instead of using store-bought mayo (which isn't usually paleo) for the cabbage slaw, make your own (here's how). It's healthier, more delicious, and easy as long as you're willing to whisk a little bit! Beef and cabbage bowl recipe here.
This deeply flavored chicken stew is almost too good for a weeknight. Almost. Recipe here.
Next time you're shopping for salmon fillets, buy the whole fish instead. You can have the fishmonger fillet it for you, but ask for the carcass and head in a separate bag, then use them to make this soup. Recipe here.
Instead of oats, this n'oatmeal is made with nuts, butternut squash, and apples. it's more of a textured breakfast stew than a hot cereal, but it's delicious and filling all the same. Recipe here.
The recipe calls for bacon grease, olive oil, or vegetable oil. Steer clear of the vegetable oil, since it's not paleo. And, you know bacon grease will taste best, anyway. Recipe here.
9. Crockpot Carnitas on Red Pepper "Nachos"
Anyone who thinks that pecan-topped sweet potatoes are a just for Thanksgiving needs to seriously reassess. Recipe here.
Easy enough for a Monday night dinner alone, but fancy enough for a dinner party. Recipe here.
This recipe uses cauliflower and sausage instead of the traditional rice and ground beef. Which is awesome because sausage is super flavorful, and the rice just turns to mush anyway. Recipe here.
Not your average chili. Recipe here.
Instead of flour-thickened gravy, this

########
Rank: 20
Score: 24.28983
Retrieved Text: Medium green lima beans bring the hearty, rich flavor of lima beans straight to your customer's plate with the convenience of canned beans. Each #10 can is packed with green lima beans preserved for optimal texture and freshness. And since they're canned, these no-hassle lima beans are easier and faster to prepare than dry beans! Whether cooking or simply heating up, these medium green lima beans save valuable prep time and make for a colorful addition to a variety of flavorful dishes.
Enhance hearty beef stew with these tender lima beans, or add them to vegetable medleys and let your customers enjoy their deliciously fresh flavor! Offer these lima beans by themselves as a classic side dish or spoon into hearty and wholesome soups. Great for adding to vegetarian dishes or pairing with succulent meats and poultry alike, these lima beans also make great additions to your salad bar. Medium in size, these canned green lima beans are full of deliciously mild flavor that's sure to complement a variety of meals.
The green lima beans are excellent and very fresh in both appearance and taste. The beans are well packaged in brine and warm up quickly. Very minimal seasoning is needed.
One of the freshest tasting cans of green lima beans I have every prepared. They are great and everyone loves their outstanding flavor and taste.
A great tasting green lima bean that are great for our Brunswick stew. The beans are very fresh tasting and have a great bright green color. Some of the best we have ever tasted.
A

########
Rank: 21
Score: 24.208033
Retrieved Text: This tasty Hungarian bean goulash is one of our favorite comfort food in cold weather, but it’s also amazing cooked traditionally outdoor in caldron. This extremely filling dish is packed wit a lot of flavors, it’s loaded with veggies and pork, all cooked in a paprika-stew base.
The traditional goulash was cooked by the herdsmen in large caldrons using beef and various veggies, like bell peppers, tomato, carrots, parsley root, beans or potato. There are many variations of goulash, but all have the common base: onion and paprika stew, which gives the basic flavor of the soup. Nowadays goulash is prepared with smoked or unsmoked pork shoulder joint, pork lions or even without meat. Goulash is usually served with homemade egg-noodles, pinch-noodles or crusty bread, and also with sour cream and onion.
Bean goulash (babgulyás) is prepared with dried beans, beef or pork chunks, carrots, parsley root, bell pepper, tomato (or tomato sauce), onion, garlic, lard, a lot of paprika and fresh herbs. Traditional goulash has potato in it which gives the soup a dense texture, but bean goulash has no potato just a lot of beans.
Preparing bean goulash is not very difficult, but it takes time to be prepared from scratch. First rinse and soak the beans in cold water for min 30 minutes, then prepare the paprika stew: sauté the chopped onion in oil or preferably in lard, then add the meat chunks and cook them until turn white, then add the paprika, bell peppers, tomato and seasons, mix them well, add water and let the

########
Rank: 22
Score: 24.16443
Retrieved Text: Chilean Bean Corn Stew. Spicy. Vegan. Amazing. A wonderful combination of ingredients makes this filling and so scrumptious.
Chilean Bean and Corn Stew. One of my favorites.
Hi. It’s Lois in the kitchen at Recipe Idea Shop, telling you about a superior Chilean Bean Corn Stew I love. It is one of my favorite vegetarian recipes.
My husband Don has Type O blood; I have Type A. According to Eat Right for Your Blood Type by Dr. Peter D’Adamo, Don should be a meat eater and I should be vegetarian. We compromise and eat a few meals a week with meat, a few vegetarian meals and the rest with fish.
Yesterday, Don was in Richmond all day for meeting so I made some vegetarian stew and went to a friend’s house for an evening of food and fellowship. I started with a recipe from the Moosewood Restaurant New Classics cookbook and made a few changes. I generally substitute black beans for kidney beans, pinto beans and most white beans. Moosewood recipes are always delicious.
This stew freezes well, so make some now to eat and save some for another day.
This recipe calls for transferring some of the soup to a blender or food processor. That can be messy. I highly recommend you get an Immersion Blender and use it instead.
KOIOS 4 in 1 Immersion Hand Blender Powerful 800 Watt 12-Speed Includes Chopper, Whisk, BPA Free Mixing Beaker, for Soups, Smoothie, Baby Food – Stainless Steel. Buy it on Amazon today.
In a large Dutch oven or soup pot, heat the oil over

########
Rank: 23
Score: 24.120897
Retrieved Text: 1. Whisk cornstarch with a bit of water until not clumpy.
2. Throw everything in crockpot (I refuse to pre-saute anything or add ingredients at different times because that defeats the purpose of the crockpot, to me).
3. Leave it for 6-8 hours on low, or 4 or so hours on high, come back et voila: dinner!
This stew is high protein and really yum. You'll get a lot of meals out of this with minimal effort. I like to garnish each bowl with a dollop of Tofutti Better Than Sour Cream before serving. Sometimes I also like to add 1/2 cup chopped walnuts and 2 chopped Boca burgers to the stew.
this was really good, but like several people said, it doesn't fit in the crockpot! I had to cook some of it separately on the stove.
I gonna cook this, thanks.
This recipe looks fantastic - can't wait to try it later this week after I hit the farmers market on Wednesday.
What are green garbonzo beans though? I haven't seen those before.
I totally agree with your slow cooker mentality - why should i have to do anything but put things in it?
This was pretty good. I'm still getting used to the idea of bean stews and I really liked this. Also a pretty versatile recipe. I had to make this in a mad rush and used garlic powder instead of crushed garlic and eyed most of the amounts. Turned out great though!
First off, I don't know how big your crockpot is, but holy smokes! I *couldn't* add everything, my 6

########
Rank: 24
Score: 24.03534
Retrieved Text: If you are a foodie and have not tried Korean food yet, then you are surely missing out on something really delicious and exciting. Korean food is full of variety in its stews, soups, side dishes, spices, desserts, and main course dishes. Not only that, Korean food is highly nutritious. The only condition is that you need to just love meat and be open to experimenting with your taste-buds. Here are some Korean foods you must try once.
Stews are an important part of Korean cuisine. These stews are not only delicious but are filling and nutritious. The special ‘hangover’ stew as its name suggests, is just what you need after a bad hangover. It is made from beef broth, beans, cabbage, and lot of ox blood. It helps your brain to function well in the morning. ‘Sundubu-jjigae’ or the soft tofu stew is made with eggs in it. It tastes great and is healthy too. The ‘Kimchi stew’ is also made with chunks of tuna or pork, cellophane noodles, vegetables, and beans. Another interesting stew is the ‘Army stew’ the preparation of which dates back to the war times. A lovely preparation of noodles, vegetables, sausages, and American cheese is good to try.
‘Jjajangmyeon’ is a delicious Korean noodle dish. These noodles are much thicker in comparison to the original Chinese noodles and special spices are added to make the dish look almost black in color. ‘Jjambbong’ is also a classic noodle dish with more spices in it and is not as thick as the former dish.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 24.021528
Retrieved Text: Beans are usually a side dish, but they are the star in Asturias. Asturias native and chef José Andrés explained to Anthony Bourdain on a recent trip to his hometown that fabada asturiana (bean stew) is such a hearty dish, you would think it should be the main course. This is Andrés’ recipe for a stew that you’re sure to find in every Asturian home.
The night before you make the stew, place the beans in a large pot and cover with cold water to soak overnight. The next day, drain and rinse the beans. Return the beans to the pot and add the chicken stock, chorizo, blood sausage, bacon, garlic, and onion. Bring it all to a slow boil, skimming any foam that comes to the surface. When the liquid comes to the boil, reduce the heat to a low simmer and add the pimentón, saffron, and olive oil. Let the beans cook for 2 to 2½ hours, adding a little cold water every 10 to 15 minutes to slow the cooking process and make sure the beans stay covered in liquid. When the beans are tender, remove the pot from the heat and let it rest for about an hour.
Remove and discard the onion and garlic. Slice the chorizo, blood sausage, and bacon and set them aside. The beans should be thick and creamy. If they’re watery, take out ½ cup or so from the pot and crush them into a paste, which you can then stir back into the rest of the beans to

########
Rank: 26
Score: 23.999125
Retrieved Text: The benefits of beans are endless – on top of being a very affordable food, they are high in antioxidants, fiber, protein, B vitamins, iron, magnesium, potassium, copper, and zinc. Beans may also decrease the risk of diabetes, heart disease, and colorectal cancer, and are great at helping with weight management as a nutritious food with few calories. Have you had your beans today?
Spicy, vinegary, and flavor-packed, this quick chili recipe relies on raw Mexican-style chorizo that adds an extra layer of flavor because it’s already packed with flavor. A dash of fish sauce may seem out of place in chili, but it’s the ideal seasoning for adding meaty depth to your stew.
Tuscan White Bean Soup is a comforting, savory standby. The key is plenty of rosemary and a hunk of rind from some good Parmigiano-Reggiano tossed in while it simmers.
Pungent fermented black beans and garlic browned in oil form the base of this tasty sauce. Dried fermented black beans can be found in the dried goods sections of most Asian markets.
Using the pressure cooker makes for chicken that falls off the bone and melts into this smoky stew.
Veggie burgers can so easily go wrong, but these black bean burgers stand up to their meatier counterparts. They’ve got great textural variation and a real nuanced flavor thanks to garlic and chilies in adobo.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 23.968119
Retrieved Text: The Athabasca Delta Community School (ADCS) Outreach Program hosted a Haloween potluck and team building celebration! The celebration include staff from ADCS and Keyano and Outreach students. There was only one scary unwelcome guest that tried to eat all the pizza, moose stew, and bannock; however, the students quickly took care of him and brought the extra food home for friends and family instead. Parents and community members will be invited to our next Potluck in December. Happy Halloween!
Special thanks to Michael Becker, (Manager Fort Chipewyan Campus: Keyano College) and staff for allowing us to use the campus for learning and celebrating together!

########
Rank: 28
Score: 23.964497
Retrieved Text: Last weekend we fired up our outdoor wood-burning oven for a party where we cooked 26 pizzas for a bunch of friends. I love cooking in the oven but it takes about 1 ½ hours to get the temperature up to the 700°F to 800°F necessary for proper cooking. Once hot, the oven walls absorb a lot of the heat and will stay warm all night at about 250°F, perfect for slow cooking something in a Dutch oven.
So whenever I fire up the oven for pizza, I try to prepare something like this Brazilian beef stew (also called Feijoada) earlier in the day and stick it in the oven after we are done making pizza and it has cooled down some. You don’t need a wood-burning oven to prepare this Brazilian Stew. In fact, the recipe calls for a slow cooker (crock pot) but a Dutch Oven works fine too and should take a little less time.
I’m going to say it right up front; in my opinion the kielbasa makes this dish special. The beef is good but I thought it was a little dry and that could be because of the length of time I cooked it or the cut of meat I used but the kielbasa was fantastic. Tender, melt in your mouth kind of good. I would suggest increasing the amount of kielbasa you use. I will next time.
I also switched some of the black beans for cannellini beans. Not sure why but I love the flavor and texture of cannellini beans. I

########
Rank: 29
Score: 23.91463
Retrieved Text: Remarkably similar in taste to real beef stew, but made with kidney beans for that no-cholesterol, no-fat goodness.
Soak the beans overnight. Rinse and cook for half an hour.
Add 2 or 3 cups water and bring back to a boil. Add the vegetables and bring back to a boil. Simmer, covered, until the potato and beans are thoroughly cooked.
To thicken: In a closed tupperware container, shake up two or three tablespoons of flour with a half cup of water. Add to the stew and bring to a boil. Boil for five minutes, stirring often to prevent sticking. Add a small amount of tamari (soy sauce) to darken the stew's color, and a few teaspoons of nutritional yeast flakes for flavor, if desired.
This stew takes about an hour to prepare -- less if made with pre-cooked, canned beans. The longer it simmers, the better its flavor.
This stew refrigerates and freezes well. It should be brought to a boil in a saucepan when re-heating.
As shown, recipe makes roughly six servings (with all those ingredients, it's hard to make only a small amount). Tasty with crackers, rolls, or cheese.

================



======= Instance Index 16 =========
Input Text: The word "touch" has multiple meanings. Does it have the same meaning in sentences 1 and 2? Yes or no?

Sentence 1: He could not touch the meaning of the poem.
Sentence 2: Helen Keller felt the physical world by touching people and objects around her.

Target Text: No

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 43.918846
Retrieved Text: The photo from Perkins' archives reproduced as an oil painting depicts Helen Keller (left) touching Anne Sullivan's lips to feel the vibration of her words as she reads aloud.
In 1892, Helen Keller, history’s most famous deafblind person, wrote a letter to her mother.
Having discovered her passion for reading in the preceding years while studying at Perkins School for the Blind, where she had grown enamored with the school’s embossed book library, Keller wanted to know why her hometown of Tuscumbia, Alabama, didn’t have a place for people with disabilities to read.
Her mother didn’t have an answer. She was inspired, however, and, with other women in her community, she decided to fill the void identified by a young Helen and formed the state’s first chartered library. That library today bears Keller’s name. And just this past Sunday, the Helen Keller Library commemorated its 125th anniversary.
Given Perkins’ important role in this history, representatives from the school were invited down to Tuscumbia to take part in the event as well. On hand as a guest speaker, Perkins President Dave Power lauded the organization for keeping Keller’s work and memory alive today.
“Clearly, Helen Keller is as important today as she has ever been,” he said.
Power went on to explain how Keller’s ideals are still held by Perkins today, both on campus and around the world. Namely, he talked about Perkins’ Deafblind Program, its efforts to train special educators around the world through initiatives like Perkins International Academy and its newly launched transition programs designed to prepare young adults for life

########
Rank: 1
Score: 41.90334
Retrieved Text: Essay, Paragraph, Speech on “What question will you ask a famous person?” Essay for Class 9, Class 10, Class 12 Class and Graduate Exams.
What question will you ask a famous person?
If I had the opportunity to sit down and meet one of my idols or heroes, I could come up with hundreds of questions to find out what they did to get where they are, but in particular I like to have asked Helen Keller, what would she have made of the technology available today to blind and deaf blind individuals?
When Helen Keller was nineteen months old, a serious illness almost took her life. She survived the disease had left her both blind and deaf. Her education contributed to her first teacher, Anne Sullivan. Anne taught Helen to finger spell, and manage to let her understand the meaning of words. Imagine how hard it is for a person both blind and deaf to relate words with real world objects, although she never had a chance to see those objects!
Another teacher Mary Swift Lamson who over the coming year was to try and teach Helen to speak. This was something that Helen desperately wanted and although she learned to understand what somebody else was saying by touching their lips and throat, her efforts to speak herself proved to be unsuccessful. However, Helen moved on to the Cambridge School for Young Ladies and later entered Radcliff College, becoming the first deaf blind person to have ever enrolled at an institution of higher learning.
If Helen Keller were born today

########
Rank: 2
Score: 41.43478
Retrieved Text: The movie The Miracle Worker tells the story of Helen Keller. Born in Alabama in the 19th century, Helen was struck with a fever of the brain as an infant that left her deaf and blind. Trapped in a silent world of darkness, she was frustrated and wild as she grew because she could not see or communicate. Confronted and equally frustrated with her tantrums, Helen’s parents finally hired a teacher named Anne Sullivan to work with her.
Through an agonizing process, Miss Sullivan would work with Helen by placing objects in her hand. She would make symbols for the objects on Helen’s palm and, while holding her other hand on her vocal box, pronounce the name of the object repeatedly. Despite the patience of Miss Sullivan, Helen seemed as if she could never learn.
Finally, one day the breakthrough occurred as portrayed in a powerful scene in the movie. In the midst of another agonizing lesson, Helen, with water from the backyard pump pouring over her hands, suddenly starts crying out, “Wa-wa! Wa-wa!” She then takes other objects and, with her hand to Mis Sullivan’s throat and mouth, does her best to repeat the words she feels. That day began a lifetime of insatiable learning for Helen, as her blindness and deafness were overcome.
We like stories of someone overcoming great obstacles to succeed. Have you ever considered that spiritually you are like Helen Keller?
The Bible teaches that we do not have the ability to see spiritually, for the devil has “blinded the minds of the unbelieving so

########
Rank: 3
Score: 40.90652
Retrieved Text: Produced on April 14, 1866, in Feeding Hills, Massachusetts, Anne Sullivan was a talented teacher famous for her work with Helen Keller, a deaf, blind, and mute kid she instructed to convey. At just 21 years old , Sullivan showed great maturity and genius in teaching Keller and worked hard with her student, bringing both girls much acclaim. A talented teacher, Anne Sullivan is famous for her work with Helen Keller, a deaf, blind and mute kid she instructed to convey. Her parents immigrated to America from Ireland during the Great Famine of the 1840s. The couple had five kids, but two died within their infancy. Sullivan and her two remaining siblings grew up in impoverished circumstances, and fought with health problems. In the age of five, Anne got an eye disease called trachoma, which seriously damaged her vision. Her mom, Alice, suffered from tuberculosis and had trouble getting around after a critical fall. She died when Anne was eight years of age.
Even at a very young age, Sullivan had a strong willed character. She occasionally collided together with her dad, Thomas, who had been left to raise Sullivan and her siblings after their mother’s passing. Thomas—who was generally violent eventually left the family. Anne and her infirm smaller brother, Jimmie, were sent to reside at the Tewksbury Almshouse, a house for the poor. Some reports say that Sullivan also had a sister who had been sent to reside with relatives. Sullivan’s brother Jimmie died just months as soon as they arrived there, leaving Anne alone.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 38.932003
Retrieved Text: Helen Keller lived in what she described as a world of "white darkness." Born in Alabama in 1880, she was a year and a half old when a case of scarlet fever or meningitis left her deaf and blind. As she grew, she made signs and gestures, but her inability to truly communicate often left her a frustrated and angry child. Once, she locked her mother in the pantry for three hours, and another time she threw her baby sister out of a cradle.
When Keller was 7, her parents hired Anne Sullivan to be Keller 's tutor. With Sullivan’s help, Keller learned the manual alphabet and began to learn some words, though for a month Keller signed words without knowing what they meant. Then one day Sullivan held Keller 's hand under a water pump while signing "water." Keller suddenly realized that the motions of her fingers had meaning.
"That living word awakened my soul, gave it light, hope, joy, set it free!" she later said. "There were barriers still, it is true, but barriers that could in time be swept away."
During the next decade, Keller worked on sweeping away those barriers. She learned to read Braille, to read lips and to write in normal script. Eventually she learned to speak. She attended schools for the deaf and blind, and, later, mainstream schools. It took Keller longer than her classmates to study, but she excelled. She wrote her memoir, “The Story of My Life,” at age 21, the first of almost a dozen books she authored. She

########
Rank: 5
Score: 38.51089
Retrieved Text: The story is told that after Helen Keller's teacher, Anne Sullivan, had given her the names of physical objects in sign language, Miss Sullivan attempted to explain God and tapped out the symbols for the name "God." Much to Miss Sullivan's surprise, Helen spelled back, "Thank you for telling me God's name, Teacher, for he has touched me many times before." Helen Keller knew something of God's signature from nature, but it was wordless.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 38.165035
Retrieved Text: In the middle grade novel Hand in Hand, author Jean Little and illustrator Norman Lanting recount Helen Keller’s early years from the point of view of Martha Washington, a childhood companion mentioned in Ms. Keller’s autobiography. Martha and her mother live and work at Ivy Green, a plantation owned by Captain Keller. Martha is frequently called upon to settle or distract the Kellers’ daughter, Helen, who has been blind and deaf since a young age. Helen often acts violently, unable to make sense of the world around her. When a special teacher comes to work with Helen, the young girls discover two things they otherwise would not have had access to: words, and a unique friendship. Jean Little is a highly acclaimed Canadian children’s writer who recently delivered the 2016 Margaret Lawrence Lecture at the Canadian Writers Summit. In Hand in Hand, she vividly portrays what life may have been like for Helen, whose early years were lived without language, and speculates about Martha’s involvement in Helen’s struggles. Norman Lanting’s black and white pencil illustrations capture the girls’ range of emotions at key moments in the story, increasing its relatability. Little additionally explores Martha’s own lack of education, and the excitement she may have felt when a teacher came to the plantation. Kids can discover in Little’s author’s note which incidents are factual. Hand in Hand is an engaging and dramatic read that encourages its readers to learn more about Helen Keller, living with disabilities, and equal access to education for all people.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 37.683067
Retrieved Text: Title: Who Was Helen Keller?
At age two, Helen Keller became deaf and blind She lived in a world of silence and darkness and she spent the rest of her life struggling to break through it With the help of teacher Annie Sullivan, Helen learned to read, write, and do many amazing things This inspiring illustrated biography is perfect for young middle grade readers Black and white line drawings througAt age two, Helen Keller became deaf and blind She lived in a world of silence and darkness and she spent the rest of her life struggling to break through it With the help of teacher Annie Sullivan, Helen learned to read, write, and do many amazing things This inspiring illustrated biography is perfect for young middle grade readers Black and white line drawings throughout, sidebars on related topics such as Louis Braille, a timeline, and a bibliography enhance readers understanding of the subject.
Never a dull storyTold in a wonderful way that gives great insight into the personal lives of Helen and Annie. Good book to show what they both went through.
Helen Keller had lots of tantrums as a kid. She became sick at two and as a result she couldn't see or hear and she didn't know how to speak because she was so young when it happened. She became famous for learning how to read and write.
It was really good. I thought it was really good because it shows blind and deaf people aren't just people would try . Hellen Keller kept trying to read write

########
Rank: 8
Score: 37.116325
Retrieved Text: Do you remember the play The Miracle Worker? It was made into a movie in 1962 and was about the story of Anne Sullivan’s struggle to teach the blind and deaf Helen Keller how to communicate.
Can you imagine the frustration of this poor blind and deaf girl to understand the world around her? How would she have known that all others were not like her (or even that the world was filled with “others”)? She lived her life in silent darkness – touching and being touched by the world through her hands (sense of touch), along with the senses of taste and smell. But no language. No concept of space. No concept of society or family.
And can you imagine the frustration of her parents? They could feed her and dress her, but they could have no meaningful relationship with her.
What was the “miracle” of The Miracle Worker?
The miracle was that Anne Sullivan was able to discover a point of communication with Helen Keller. She was able to find a way to convey ideas to Helen and for Helen to respond to her with her own ideas.
And that was a miracle. It was always there. Anne Sullivan did not split the sea or make the sun stand still. She had the insight to dis-cover a pathway that already existed, but which had been overlooked: Helen’s hands and her sense of touch.
When Helen Keller was asked many years later which she would prefer: to see or to hear, her response was: to hear. Blindness separates you from things.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 36.77891
Retrieved Text: Human beings have five senses: seeing, hearing, smelling, tasting and touching. Because of an illness she had as a baby, Helen Keller permanently lost her ability to see and hear.
Doctors did not expect the baby to live when she became extremely ill in February of 1882. Helen Keller was nineteen months old, and she had developed an intense fever.
No one knew, for sure, what was wrong. Physicians who treated her said she was afflicted with "acute congestion of the stomach and brain" or “brain fever.” Doctors today say she probably had scarlet fever, or meningitis.
When she actually survived the ordeal, her parents rejoiced. Thinking their child had come through a near-death experience, without any after effects, was a short-lived reality, however. Soon Kate Keller sensed that something was very wrong with her baby daughter.
Helen no longer responded when the dinner bell summoned everyone to the dining room. It was like she didn’t hear it. Her eyes no longer followed her mother’s hand movements. It was like she didn’t see them.
Kate Keller was right. Helen’s illness had removed her sight and eliminated her hearing. And when it came time for the child to speak, she couldn’t.
Helen Keller, at age nineteen months, had completely lost two of her five senses.
Bos, Carole "A NEAR-DEATH EXPERIENCE" AwesomeStories.com. Feb 01, 2009. Apr 23, 2019.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 36.663223
Retrieved Text: Tuscumbia's Ivy Green, where Anne Sullivan taught Helen Keller to see beyond her dark and silent world.
This is an opinion column.
Kids in Texas are busy. I get it.
They're too busy to study the likes of Helen Keller, the Alabama icon who showed the world not only what a deaf and blind person can accomplish with grit and tenacity and devoted instruction, but that disabled people should be treated as people before anything else.
She changed expectations, and broadened horizons for everyone with a physical challenge.
But Texas kids are busy. There's so much to learn and only so much brainpower to do it. So Texas Board of Education officials recommended dropping Keller from its curriculum. A note from the recommending group said Keller "does not best represent the concept of citizenship. Military and first responders are best represented."
Does not best represent the concept of citizenship.
Helen Keller grew up in an age when those with her challenges were dismissed and marginalized. But she overcame those obstacles to achieve successes that define the American Dream. She earned an unprecedented college education, wrote books, traveled the world and received the presidential medal of freedom.
And - oh yeah, this might be a problem - she came to fight for the rights of women and workers and peace. She spoke against those who would profit from warfare, and came to call herself a socialist.
Which makes it easy for a place like Texas to turn a jaundiced eye toward her. Heck, you don't even hear that part of the Helen Keller story in the

########
Rank: 11
Score: 36.086334
Retrieved Text: Helen Adams Keller wrote these hopeful words. Her childhood was dark and silent. Yet she became an encouraging writer and teacher for many people. Today’s Spotlight is on the writer and educator Helen Keller.
Helen Keller was born in 1880 in the United States. She was a healthy baby. But Helen became very sick when she was one and half years old. No one knew what kind of sickness she had. Now, experts think she may have had scarlet fever or meningitis. Her sickness was very serious. Her family believed that Helen was going to die.
Helen did not die. She seemed to recover from her sickness. Her family was very happy. But all was not well. Helen’s mother saw that Helen’s behaviour had changed. Helen did not react to noise. She did not react to movement either. When Helen’s mother placed her hand in front of Helen’s eyes, Helen did not move. She could not see. She could not hear. The sickness had left Helen blind and deaf.
Life for Helen and her family was difficult. Helen became a troublesome child. She smashed things in the house. She was angry. She was intelligent but she had no way to communicate. By the time she was six years old, Helen’s family needed a new way to help her. They travelled to an institute for the blind. Doctors there said that Helen would never see or hear again. But the director of the institute told them not to lose hope. He said that Helen could learn. She only needed a

########
Rank: 12
Score: 35.971508
Retrieved Text: Helen Keller was an American writer whose accomplishments were all the more remarkable because she was deaf and blind. Born on June 27, 1880 in Tuscumbia, Alabama to Kate Adams Keller and Arthur H. Keller, Helen was a healthy baby with no handicaps. At the age of nineteen months, Helen became ill and suffered from an extremely high fever. While the exact illness is not known, some feel that the illness was scarlet fever. Suddenly, because of the effects of the illness, Helen was shut off from the world by the loss of sight, speech, and hearing. Most people of the day believed that the disease that afflicted Helen left its victim and idiot. Because of her inability to communicate with those around her effectively, she became a wild and destructive child, confirming to most that this was indeed true. Yet she also showed such signs of intelligence, contriving over sixty signs to indicate what she wanted, that her mother was determined that she could learn to communicate with others.
In an act of courage and determination, the Keller’s tried to improve Helen’s situation. They contacted Alexander Graham Bell, who, besides being a great inventor, was an authority on deafness. Bell advised the family to write to the Perkins Institution for the Blind in Boston for help with Helen. The founder of Perkins, Samuel Gridley Howe, had been able to teach Laura Bridgman, another girl who was deaf and blind, to read and write. The current director of Perkins, Michael Anagnos, decided to send one of his

########
Rank: 13
Score: 35.938168
Retrieved Text: Letter from Claire and Fay Emory to Helen Keller wishing her a happy birthday and enclosing nightgowns for her.
Letter from Evelyn D. Seide to Claire Emory, Westport, CT acknowledging receipt of birthday greetings and nightgowns for Helen Keller.
Letter from Evelyn D. Seide to Claire Emory, Westport, CT acknowledging receipt of plant for Polly Thomson.
Letter from Helen Keller to Claire Emory, Westport, CT in thanks for her Christmas greetings.
Letter from Bob Emory to Helen Keller in sympathy on the death of Polly Thomson.
Note from Bob Emory to Evelyn D. Seide enclosing a letter for Helen Keller, accompanied by an article he wrote entitled "Helen Keller Regards World with Enthusiastic Optimism".
Letter from Bob Emory, Bucks County, PA to Helen Keller about his article about her in the school newspaper.
Letter from Claire Emory to Evelyn D. Seide with a sample letter for Helen Keller to send to Miss Crouch, College Admission Assistance Center, NYC in support of Bob Emory.
Letter from Helen Keller to Miss Crouch, College Admission Assistance Center, NYC in support of Bob Emory.
Invitation to the graduation for Bob Emory from George School, accompanied by note with his address.
Letter from Bob Emory, NYC to Helen Keller about her recent visit.
Letter from Bob Emory, Washington, D.C. to Helen Keller about his education at George Washington University.
Letter from Bob Emory, Washington, D.C. to Helen Keller about his education.
Letter from Bob Emory, Washington, D.C. to Helen Keller about writing a paper on her dogs.
Letter from Winifred A. Corbally to Claire Emory, NYC acknowledging receipt of grapefruit.
Postcard from Claire Emory, Prouts Neck,

########
Rank: 14
Score: 35.8317
Retrieved Text: Read eBooks Optimism (1903) [PDF] 100% free!
Who better than Helen Keller to write about optimism? Helen Keller became blind when she was nineteen months old. At the time children who were deaf and blind were simply given up on. But Helen's mother read that a deaf blind person had been educated and decided to explore that possibility for her daughter. As a result of this Helen Keller was the first deaf blind person to earn a bachelor of Arts degree and she went on to be one of the most celebrated women of the twentieth century.
Helen Keller would not be bound by conditions. Rendered deaf and blind at 19 months by scarlet fever, she learned to read (in several languages) and even speak, eventually graduating with honors from Radcliffe College in 1904, where as a student she wrote The Story of My Life. That she accomplished all of this in an age when few women attended college and the disabled were often relegated to the background, spoken of only in hushed tones, is remarkable. But Keller's many other achievements are impressive by any standard: she authored 13 books, wrote countless articles, and devoted her life to social reform. An active and effective suffragist, pacifist, and socialist (the latter association earned her an FBI file), she lectured on behalf of disabled people everywhere. She also helped start several foundations that continue to improve the lives of the deaf and blind around the world.
As a young girl Keller was obstinate, prone to fits of violence, and seething with

########
Rank: 15
Score: 35.587254
Retrieved Text: A young mother sat in her Tuscumbia, Ala., home reading a book that was about to change the course of her family’s life. The book was Charles Dickens’ American Notes. The chapter that filled her with hope described the author’s meeting with a young girl named Laura Bridgman, who had accomplished remarkable things despite being deaf and blind -- as was the reader's own daughter. That mother’s name was Kate Adams Keller and her daughter’s name, of course, was Helen.
A few months later and far to the north, a letter crossed the desk of Michael Anagnos, the son in-law of Samuel Howe and his successor at the Perkins Institute in Boston. Laura Bridgman had put the institute on the map, but the fame and fortune of both the school and its star pupil had long since faded from public interest. Anagnos desperately needed a “second Laura Bridgman” to rejuvenate the reputation of his institute. The letter from Mrs. Keller seemed to offer just that.
The letter, however, was not requesting admission for Helen to the institute, but rather that the school send a tutor to their home. Thus, in 1887, Anagnos sent them his most recent star Perkins graduate, Anne Sullivan.
The fortitude and will that Anne would demonstrate in the years ahead were undoubtedly tempered in the cauldron of a wretched childhood. The oldest child of impoverished, illiterate Irish immigrants, Anne was nearly blind from trachoma by age five, lost her mother and two siblings when she was eight and was eventually abandoned by her alcoholic father.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 35.556564
Retrieved Text: After many years, historian and Helen Keller expert Kim Nielsen realized that she, along with other historians and biographers, had failed Anne Sullivan Macy. While Macy is remembered primarily as Helen Keller’s teacher and mythologized as a straightforward educational superhero, the real story of this brilliant, complex, and misunderstood woman, who described herself as a “badly constructed human being,” has never been completely told.
Beyond the Miracle Worker, the first biography of Macy in nearly fifty years, complicates the typical Helen-Annie “feel good” narrative in surprising ways. By telling the life from Macy’s perspective-not Keller’s-the biography is the first to put Macy squarely at the center of the story. It presents a new and fascinating tale about a wounded but determined woman and her quest for a successful, meaningful life.
As an adult, Macy taught Keller, helping the girl realize her immense potential, and Macy’s intimate friendship with Keller remained powerful throughout their lives. Yet as Macy floundered with her own blindness, ill health, and depression, as well as a tumultuous and triangulated marriage, she came to lean on her former student, emotionally, physically, and economically.
It’s temp ting to begin this book like a fairy tale. Once upon a time a poor, blind, and orphaned child named Annie magically grew into a happy, sighted, and successful adult woman. She became a miracle worker, lighting the intellectual fire and imagination of the deaf-blind girl Helen Keller at a water pump in the wilds of Alabama. We know this kind of story. Many of our books and movies, the morality

########
Rank: 17
Score: 35.207703
Retrieved Text: It’s easy enough to see why, more than 50 years after it first debuted, theaters still choose to produce William Gibson’s The Miracle Worker. It’s a true story, it’s an uplifting one, and audiences respond to it with strong emotion.
Venice Theatre produced the show more than a decade ago (and the Manatee Players have it on their second stage schedule for next season). That may be, in part, because the piece gives the theater’s younger actors a chance to spread their wings.
In this case, it’s young Alexia King who tackles the role of the young Helen Keller (one most of us still attach Patty Duke to, because of the often-seen film version). She is, of course, the determined, wild, frustrated deaf-blind child of the Keller family, headed by a captain-journalist (Michael Campbell), who’s frequently at odds with his grown son, James (Patrick Tancey), who longs for some respect and affection from his hard-to-please father. Mother Kate (Cheryl Andrews) is more focused on the daughter she loves but cannot help.
Into this troubled family dynamic comes young teacher Annie Sullivan (Corinne C. Woodland), who has had her own struggles with blindness and loss, growing up in terrible conditions with her now-dead younger brother. Although the outcome of her painstaking lessons with young Helen is never in doubt, Gibson’s play still works to depict the battle (remember that drawn-out dining room scene, with Annie insistent on getting Helen to eat like a human being?) that ensues before their successful relationship can truly begin.
In this production, directed by Kelly Wynn

########
Rank: 18
Score: 34.769547
Retrieved Text: I know it's a bit of an odd question, but it's something I've wondered about throughout my life. If anybody has the answer to this question I would appreciate it.
Best Answer: BIker dude is correct about Peter Fagan, or whatever his name is.
Helen did fall in love but her mother forced the two apart.
So the likely answer is.. quite possibly..
The latter is the case, and asking why questions re: the divine will of God is useless efforts. They don't ever get answered. By the by, there is a true story about Helen's path to faith. It seems that after she was taught to sign, and therefore to communicate, someone shared the good news of the gospel of Christ with her and her response was, "I already knew Him; I just didn't know His name." It kind of shoots down the thinking of many that creation itself does not testify of God's wonder and power.....therefore, they are without excuse. Helen Keller looked at the design and could see the Designer.
Love--A moment of love did come in Helen's life. In 1916, a young man named Peter Fagan had been hired to help while Anne Sullivan was ill and Polly was away. During a time when he and Helen were alone, he declared his love and told her she was beautiful. She had never been told she was beautiful and she fell for him. They agreed to keep their feelings secret for the moment, but eventually Helen's mother learned of the matter. A reporter had found an application for

########
Rank: 19
Score: 34.5872
Retrieved Text: Letter from John Charles Daly, Vice President, ABC, NYC to Helen Keller, NYC wishing her well on her journey overseas.
Memorandum from Gregor Ziemer, NYC to M. R. Barnett, NYC regarding the rumor of Helen Keller's impending retirement.
Letter from Eric T. Boulter, NYC to Polly Thomson enclosing copies of their travel itinerary through Europe and Egypt.
List of seating arrangements for the farewell event for Helen Keller in NYC.
Speech given by Felixberto M. Serrano, NYC for Helen Keller in NYC before her departure overseas.
List of "VIPs" expected to attend the farewell event for Helen Keller in NYC on February 1, 1955.
Program for farewell event for Helen Keller in NYC.
Program for farewell event for Helen Keller held at the Waldorf-Astoria Hotel, NYC.
Ticket of admission to the farewell event for Helen Keller held at the Waldorf-Astoria Hotel, NYC.
Letter from William Fisher, Jr., NYC to Polly Thomson, Glasgow, Scotland regarding her mail from Glasgow or London.
Letter from William Fisher, Jr., NYC to Polly Thomson, Glasgow, Scotland enclosing correspondence for Helen Keller and relating to publications.
Excerpt of minutes from the Executive Committee Meeting of AFB from February 17, 1955 in regards to a seal commemorating Helen Keller's 75th birthday.
Letter from Eric T. Boulter, NYC to Helen Keller and Polly Thomson regarding their visit to Burma.
Memorandum from Eric T. Boulter, NYC to Timothy P. Smith, NYC regarding the Helen Keller 75th Birthday Fund.
Letter from Eric T. Boulter, NYC to Polly Thomson, Mysore, India regarding their tour of India.
Letter from Eric T. Boulter, NYC to Helen Keller, India with details about her itinerary in

########
Rank: 20
Score: 34.423847
Retrieved Text: International Young Eagles Day 2019 is on Friday, June 14, 2019: Who was called "The Lone Eagle."?
The Lone Eagle's Contribution to Cardiology by Richard J. Bing, M.D.
Practically everyone knows that Charles Lindbergh made the famous solo flight to Paris in 1929; he was born in Detroit on February 4, 1902, spent some of his youth in Little Falls, Minnesota, and was involved in the unsuccessful campaign for U.S. Senate by his father. Many are also aware of his barnstorming days, his self-imposed exile, his controversial participation in political movements, and finally his interest in environmental causes. Many also remember that he married Ann Morrow, the daughter of the American ambassador to Mexico and partner of J.P. Morgan. He died in Hawaii in 1974. For his aviation exploits, Charles Lindbergh was called the "Lone Eagle." His life, however, was not one of continuing triumphs. It was darkened by the horrible experience of the kidnapping and murder of his infant son.
Best place to live in Santiago Chile with a young family?
The best place to live in Santiago with a young family is in the Lo Barnechea area. The area is an upper class municipality which is safe and secure for expatriates. The neighborhood is beautiful. Also, many other americans and diplomats live in the area. An excellent resource to look at housing in this area can be found on the web at: www.svpropiedades.cl For under CHP 1,500,000 a month, you can rent a house in a gated community that has amenties such as golf and tennis. I would

########
Rank: 21
Score: 34.057003
Retrieved Text: Almost everyone must know who Helen Keller is: the girl who became blind and deaf due to illness before she was two years old, enduring several agonizing years of isolation before being reconnected to the light of thought. The play and film “The Miracle Worker” dramatizes this event, and it would take a heart of stone not to be moved by the moment when Helen connects the idea “water” with the word W-A-T-E-R. Every time we see this happen, it reminds us that the ability to communicate through language truly is an everyday miracle.
Helen took on the mission of showing that a blind and deaf person could accomplish much more than was previously thought possible: learning four languages, becoming a writer, passing college entrance exams in mathematics and geometry (always her least favorite subjects). Her greatest wish was to learn to speak, so that she could communicate with people who did not know the finger alphabet that had first given her the gift of language. She accomplished this too, although it was not always easy for listeners to understand her. Reading her words, it is fascinating to consider how language, thought, memory, speech and comprehension can develop without the two sensory faculties that are usually so central to our experience. Human relationships are revealed as paramount, and the teacher-student bond becomes as essential as light or air.
Since I knew little about Helen’s story beyond the early years, I was surprised by the weight given here to a plagiarism scandal that caused her great suffering as a

########
Rank: 22
Score: 33.90499
Retrieved Text: Helen Keller, 1880-1968, was an American author, political activist, and lecturer. This article lists some quotes from her.
Helen Keller (June 27, 1880- June 1, 1968) was known all over the world for everything she accomplished despite the fact that she was deaf and blind. She was also the first deafblind person to graduate with a bachelor of arts degree. Keller was a highly regarded American author, and she also played a major role as an activist and lecturer. She has been a complete inspiration for millions of people all over. Here are some famous quotes from her.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 33.707825
Retrieved Text: NEW YORK, Dec. 20, 2017 /PRNewswire-USNewswire/ -- The American Foundation for the Blind (AFB) today announced the three honorees who will receive the prestigious Helen Keller Achievement Awards at a special gala in Oakland, California, on April 4, 2018.
The awardees are Facebook and Microsoft, for their exemplary roles in creating accessible products or improving the accessibility of their already-popular products; and Haben Girma, for her advocacy and dedication to creating equal opportunities for people with disabilities.
"This year's recipients capture the spirit of Helen Keller's belief in the power of effecting social change," said Kirk Adams, AFB president and CEO. "All of the awardees are making a dramatic difference in the lives of people with disabilities, and we are thrilled to recognize their accomplishments."
Facebook is being lauded for steadily ensuring the highest levels of inclusivity in its platforms, including and especially for people with disabilities. This includes recent projects such as the Automatic Alternative Text feature, which provides an automatically generated image description that gives users with visual impairments a better sense of the photos their friends are sharing, as well as a myriad of product improvements to increase the compatibility of Facebook's applications with assistive technology and accessibility-related settings.
Haben Girma is being recognized for her work as a disability rights lawyer, and the first Deafblind graduate of Harvard Law School. Her advocacy embodies Helen Keller's values, from her legal victories that ensure online businesses comply with the Americans with Disabilities Act, to changing attitudes about disability worldwide. She has proven time and again that, in her

########
Rank: 24
Score: 33.546936
Retrieved Text: A great reminder to look beyond the visual for the real beauty in life. I believe this applies to people, objects, animals and life in general.
Tags: beauty, beauty in life, Helen Keller, quotes, WCW, Word Crush, Word Crush Wednesday. Bookmark the permalink.
Helen Keller was such a wonderful inspirational person. Are you familiar with “The Miracle Worker”? She really had a rather rough time being socialized but she ended up being truly great. Wonderful quote.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 33.442474
Retrieved Text: NICK VUJI IS FOUNDER OF ‘LIFE WITHOUT LIIMBS,’ A GLOBAL MINISTRY.
I’d heard of Nick Vujicic. I’d caught a glimpse of him on Christian television. But nothing prepared me for his recent appearance at my church.
A mighty man of faith, Vujicic delivered one of most powerful, spirit-filled messages I’ve ever heard. I think the Australian-born evangelist the most inspirational Christ follower since Helen Keller.
Keller’s life story was immortalized in the 1962 motion picture “The Miracle Worker.” Born in 1880, Helen was 19 months old when she contracted “brain fever,” as the Keller family doctor called it. She was struck blind, deaf and mute.
Nearly feral as a child, Helen’s desperate family found her a teacher – Anne Sullivan, the miracle worker – who leaned in and, over time, got through to the blind, deaf and mute girl, teaching her to communicate.
In one of her letters to Rev. Brooks, Helen told the clergyman that, even before she could communicate, she knew about God. She felt His presence in her darkness; heard His still, small voice in her silence.
Helen didn’t know what to call the presence that was always with her. The tender-aged blind, deaf and mute girl had no concept of names. But she knew God.
I can’t help wondering if Helen Keller might have been present, in spirit, on that recent Sunday when Nick Vujicic visited my church; if she might have been among that “great cloud of witnesses” of which the Apostle Paul wrote about in his Letter to the Hebrews.
Nick was born 31 years ago with tetra-amelia

########
Rank: 26
Score: 33.256237
Retrieved Text: Helen Keller is known to many people from their school days. Or, to some who saw the movie "The Miracle Worker". Perhaps even through her published work. However we came to know about this remarkable woman, it's worth going into detail about her extraordinary life. It's almost impossible for those who see and hear to imagine what it must have been like for her not to be able to do either. She lost her sight and hearing at just nineteen months old, after an illness. Through the teachings of Anne Sullivan, Helen Keller learned to learn and grow, and then some! Keller was born in 1880 in Alabama and died at the age of 87 in Connecticut - her life between these dates is quite astonishing. Imagine, if you can, being a woman around the 1900s, and an outspoken and determined one at that, as well as not being able to hear or see - can you? It's extremely difficult and one has to recognize Ms. Keller's achievements as nothing short of staggeringly brilliant. Everyone should read this book, if for no other reason than to realize just how darn fortunate we are, and how grateful we should be for our own lives, where at least we can hear or see, or both. There is also a section of notes pertaining to this book - a summary of her life: Critical Excerpts, and Questions for Discussion and Suggestions for the Interested Reader. A neat and informative package. This is the first time I've read Helen Keller,

########
Rank: 27
Score: 32.965195
Retrieved Text: Helen Keller Day is a commemorative holiday to celebrate the birth of Helen Keller, observed on June 27 annually. The holiday has been made an observance by a presidential proclamation in 1980 as well as by international organizations, particularly those helping the blind and the deaf. The holiday is generally known for its fashion show held on June 27 annually for fundraising purposes.
The holiday was first proclaimed on March 23, 1960 by Newark, New Jersey mayor Leo P. Carlin. On June 7, 1960 by then Annapolis, Maryland mayor Arthur G. Ellington where he proclaimed Keller's 80th birthday. On June 19, 1980, President Jimmy Carter issues Proclamation #4767 to honor Helen Keller and her accomplishment.
Outside of the proclamations, the holiday is also observed by private organizations. Since 1971, the Lions Club International has declared the holiday on June 1 annually to commemorate the speech Keller gave on June 30, 1968 to spread awareness of the American Foundation for the Blind. The day is generally observed internationally through the Blind Association and other international organizations who help people with this disability. Every year on June 27, an annual fashion show is held as a fundraiser in Lackawanna County, Pennsylvania.
Helen Adams Keller (June 27, 1880 – June 1, 1968) was an American author, political activist, and lecturer. She was the first deafblind person to earn a bachelor of arts degree..  The story of how Keller's teacher, Anne Sullivan, broke through the isolation imposed by a near complete lack of language, allowing the girl to blossom as she learned

########
Rank: 28
Score: 32.849323
Retrieved Text: Spell "DOLL"! She felt frustrated because she did not understand that every object has a word uniquely identifying it. Can we imagine a seven year old, but still couldn’t spell the word doll? Then her teacher taught her the word for "MUG," eventually she broke the mug. Nevertheless, her teacher did not give up on her because the next month became a big breakthrough in communication when she understood what her teacher was doing in order to teach her “W-A-T-E-R”. Eventually, she nearly exhausted her teacher demanding the names of all the other familiar objects in her world.
Her name was Helen Adams Keller. She was not just the only person whom we can name as someone who surpasses such physical deformities and rise into who they are now. Personalities like the famous singer Stevie Wonder; the 32nd President of the United States of America Franklin Delano Roosevelt; Astronomist, Mathematician and Physicist Galileo Galilee, and many others, were all blind, but became so famous and had brought inestimable contribution to our world. Yes, they may be blind physically, but their blindness for them is a mere physical ailment, because it did not cripple their dreams to become an inspiration to many people across the world.
In our gospel today, another blind person is presented to us as someone who can inspire us because of his great faith. He has no name even of his own. He was called “Bartimaeus,” which means “Son of Timaeus.” In addition, Timaeus in Hebrew means “foul, defiled, polluted, or unclean.” Now we can

########
Rank: 29
Score: 32.836296
Retrieved Text: 2.Improve reading and writing, skills using vocabulary bank.
3. Learn about the life of Helen Keller and her sense of order.
4. Develop math processing skills through graphing.
1. TLW be able list the five senses and their function.
3. TLW match the pictures correctly with the senses to which they belong.
4. TLW understand the five senses.
5. TLW be asked 6 questions (before and after lesson) to assess knowledge of the senses and be introduced to 8 new vocabulary words and their meaning.
1. Students are given index cards labeled with the five senses and picture cards with pictures that represent the five senses.
2. The students will sort the picture cards to gain an understanding of the five senses and classifying. Students graph results of senses survey.
3. Students read the story of Helen Keller, discuss reflective questions and record answers in social studies journal.
The lesson is 1-1.5 hour in duration.
2.Choose students to tell you which item goes in which bag.
3. When done, take the items out of the each bag, and ask if the item and the bag go together.
1. Discussion questions were posted for the students to discuss after reading about Helen Keller.
2. Students record the results from their discussion in their social studies journal. They may use pictures, words or both to record answers.
3. The questions were: 1. Name the senses that Helen Keller lived without? 2. What effect did this have on her as a child and young adult? 3. Because she was unable to hear, speak or see, did she just give up on accomplishing anything in

================



======= Instance Index 556 =========
Input Text: The word "recreation" has multiple meanings. Does it have the same meaning in sentences 1 and 2? Yes or no?

Sentence 1: For recreation he wrote poetry and solved crossword puzzles.
Sentence 2: Drug abuse is often regarded as a form of recreation.

Target Text: Yes

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 43.642662
Retrieved Text: n. the occupation for which you are paid; "he is looking for employment"; "a lot of people are out of work"
n. a place where work is done; "he arrived at work early today"
n. (physics) a manifestation of energy; the transfer of energy from one physical system to another expressed as the product of a force and the distance through which it moves a body in the direction of that force; "work equals force times distance"
v. give a workout to; "Some parents exercise their infants"; "My personal trainer works me hard"; "work one's muscles"; "this puzzle will exercise your mind"
v. move into or onto; "work the raisins into the dough"; "the student worked a few jokes into his presentation"; "work the body onto the flatbed truck"
v. arrive at a certain condition through repeated motion; "The stitches of the hem worked loose after she wore the skirt many times"
v. cause to work; "he is working his servants hard"
v. be employed; "Is your husband working again?"; "My wife never worked"; "Do you want to work after the age of 60?"; "She never did any work because she inherited a lot of money"; "She works as a waitress to put herself through college"
v. provoke or excite; "The rock musician worked the crowd of young girls into a frenzy"
n. the people or companies engaged in a particular kind of commercial enterprise; "each industry has its own trade publications"
v. be a success; "The idea panned out"
n. an activity that diverts or amuses or stimulates; "scuba diving is provided as a diversion for

########
Rank: 1
Score: 34.726223
Retrieved Text: A list of interesting and useful crossword sites for both setters and solvers.
The Guardian's online crossword site. Provides access to daily puzzles, an archive of past puzzles and the monthly "Genius" crossword. Now free!
1 Across is a magazine founded in 1984 by John Graham (Araucaria). Each month, 1 Across features two new crosswords by Araucaria and three other puzzles by guest compilers, one of which is a prize puzzle.
Try something different - 3D crosswords. This site has the crosswords in calendar form and is producing a calendar for BBC Children in Need and RNIB.
Best for crosswords, codewords, word searches, jigsaws & other puzzles, games and trivia .
The world’s biggest and best crossword blog, covering the Daily and Sunday Telegraph cryptic crosswords.
A list of useful crossword abbreviations on Wikipedia.
A source of many crossword links, from online puzzles, dictionaries and solving aids to computer programs.
Crossword365 hosts one of the largest crosswords database with over 2.8 million solved clues. The website is updated daily with answers from all the major US publishers and creators.
A blog that provides daily commentary and analysis of the Independent, Guardian, Financial Times and Private Eye cryptic crosswords.
Site by Alberich, with both his own and guest puzzles, plus interesting articles for setters and solvers.
The Magpie is a subscription magazine dedicated to providing the most demanding of puzzle solvers with consistently excellent crosswords and numerical puzzles.
Peter Biddlecombe's crossword site with a selection of puzzles, tips on solving and links to other crossword resources.
The crossword in Private Eye, set by Cyclops. Without doubt, the rudest crossword around.
The

########
Rank: 2
Score: 34.174587
Retrieved Text: If you are under the impression that solving crossword puzzle is a waste of time, you are absolutely wrong. It takes real guts to get all the answers solved in less span of time. The best to know about your crossword solving capability is to keep check on time. Solving the puzzles is not a matter of thing to consider, it is all about how long you take for one puzzle to find the solution. It determines the thinking ability of a person and how he or she involves in finding new things.
Needless to say that solving crossword increases your word vocabulary. There are several clues that will connect you to new words. You wouldn’t have heard those words earlier, but, once you start solving the puzzles, you tend to learn more and more. Take the example of scrabble. You would have to use as many words as possible and the brainstorming session will make you think more and more. Also, the given clues will help you to find more words.
Needless to say, problems are a part of life. Many people these days are struggling to solve problem. They are so frustrated that they fail to get a solution for their problem. Solving crossword puzzles helps you to improve your problem solving skills. You need to go back, pause, edit, think and re-work again to get the right Crossword puzzle answers. You will learn the ability to never give up. The puzzle solving rule applies to real life as well. All you need to do is

########
Rank: 3
Score: 33.935047
Retrieved Text: Dear Friends. In this post we have solved The Simpsons character Disco ___ crossword clue. The clue we have shared is part of Daily Themed Crossword November 9 2018 Answers. You can download it for free and play multiple crossword puzzles updated daily.
Did you find The Simpsons character Disco ___ crossword clue solution? Find more clues of Daily Themed Crossword November 9 2018 Answers.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 33.819855
Retrieved Text: Dear Friends. In this post we have solved Groups of two crossword clue. The clue we have shared is part of Daily Themed Crossword November 9 2018 Answers. You can download it for free and play multiple crossword puzzles updated daily.
Did you find Groups of two crossword clue solution? Find more clues of Daily Themed Crossword November 9 2018 Answers.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 33.805603
Retrieved Text: Dear Friends. In this post we have solved Beverage which is coffee's counterpart crossword clue. The clue we have shared is part of Daily Themed Crossword October 16 2018 Answers. You can download it for free and play multiple crossword puzzles updated daily.
Did you find Beverage which is coffee's counterpart crossword clue solution? Find more clues of Daily Themed Crossword October 16 2018 Answers.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 33.66518
Retrieved Text: Dear Friends. In this post we have solved Golden ___ period of great happiness and prosperity crossword clue. The clue we have shared is part of Daily Themed Crossword November 9 2018 Answers. You can download it for free and play multiple crossword puzzles updated daily.
Did you find Golden ___ period of great happiness and prosperity crossword clue solution? Find more clues of Daily Themed Crossword November 9 2018 Answers.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 33.124573
Retrieved Text: Greetings people, the first we would like to do is to welcome you guys to our website and below you will get everything related to Instruct crossword clue solutions and cheats. It is a unique game and requires not much time to spend. You can see we have solved some of the levels and posted with screenshots.
Already solved Instruct crossword clue? Click here and see the other clues for The Mirror Classic Crossword February 11 2019 Answers.
This Crossword Clues Solver is definitely worth to try out. If you haven’t played, then you can do it now. We have prepared some answers and solution for your help on the regular basis. You may also look other answers on Newsday.com Crossword June 11 2018 Answers, Newsday.com Crossword August 7 2017 Answers and it will provide more quick solutions to solve puzzles and find answers. Try to visit our site thank you.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 32.674713
Retrieved Text: Welcome to your One-Stop-Shop Crossword Solving site! This is an archive of all the puzzles that we have solved for the Thomas Joseph crossword. Click any of the dates below to go to the full list of the clues for that puzzle.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 32.523964
Retrieved Text: How does one rate a crossword puzzle as Easy, Medium or Complex?
Complexity is tough to measure objectively for something as nuanced as cryptic crosswords. Apart from the clues themselves, the solver's ease with the crossword depends on many other factors.
Take natural flair for certain clue types. Some of us are have a knack for cryptic definitions, for example, others find them impossibly tough. A puzzle that's heavy on cryptic definitions will be easy for one and difficult for the other. Similarly, clues that require specialized knowledge are easy for those who work in those domains.
Familiarity with the setter's style also makes a difference. From solving a series of puzzles by the same setter, we learn little details about what to expect. Wordiness of clues, "noise" (connector words) content, style of surface reading, vocabulary, contemporary or old-fashioned references - different setters have their own quirks and the solver finds crosswords easier when he gets attuned to those quirks.
A solver calls a puzzle Complex if his speed or percentage completion with it does not match up to his personal average. If a community of regular solvers meet with the same result, we can then perhaps make a definitive statement about the puzzle's complexity.
But all that is in retrospect, after the puzzle has been solved. Are there parameters that can identify the difficulty level of a crossword before it is published, as it is done with Sudoku puzzles? I have been thinking of the varying complexity of puzzles published in The Hindu of late. Crossword numbers 9361 and 9362

########
Rank: 10
Score: 32.459858
Retrieved Text: Has your child just figured out how to read? (If not, start by downloading Happi Reads.) Well, then it is time for the next step - spelling. Come along with Happi and try to solve challenging mini crossword puzzles.
"Happi Spells" is the crossword spelling game where kids can practice spelling in a fun and exciting way by dragging letter tiles on to 60 different mini crossword puzzles. Compete for "snails" and try to improve your own high score. Don't like your score on one puzzle - just go back and try to beat it. The fewer mistakes, the more "snails" you earn. Every solved puzzle will open up a new one.
"Happi Spells" consists of 60 mini crossword puzzles in 5 different levels with 12 puzzles in each level. Puzzles are made up of 4-8 intersecting words with the relevant letter tiles spaced around the puzzle. The object of the game is to drag the tiles to their correct places in the puzzle with as few mistakes as possible. Tiles dragged to their correct place will stick. Tiles dragged to an incorrect box will "go back". Colorful images illustrate all words in the crossword puzzles.
Minor bugfix for crayfish level.
Happi Spells allows players to practice their spelling skills in a crossword puzzle format. The player drags a letter tile to the area in the puzzle; the letter stays in the square when placed correctly, or pops out with an auditory cue that it was incorrect, and the player can try again. As each word is spelled correctly, the

########
Rank: 11
Score: 32.290226
Retrieved Text: crossword puzzle, word game in which words corresponding to numbered clues are put into a grid of horizontal and vertical squares to form intersecting words. The puzzle is solved when a player supplies all of the words correctly. Though a type of crossword puzzle has been found inscribed on an ancient tomb in Egypt, journalist Arthur Wynne is generally credited with its invention in 1913. Crossword puzzles became popular with Simon and Schuster's 1924 publication of a crossword puzzle book and now appear in virtually all newspapers. Players vie for titles at various crossword competitions. Reference dictionaries are published to aid players with solutions. See acrostic ; anagram .

########
Rank: 12
Score: 32.159115
Retrieved Text: Diagnil is a software application designed specifically for solvers of diagramless crossword puzzles. It supports the process of solving puzzles distributed in print form as well as those distributed electronically using the Across Lite and XPF file formats. It runs on Windows, Mac OS X, and Linux/Unix platforms. The diagramless puzzle is a crossword variant where only word clues are provided; word locations are not disclosed. (If a grid is supplied, it is completely blank.) Solving a diagramless puzzle requires not only determining the words but also where they lie on the grid. Despite the ubiquity of standard crosswords, the diagramless variety remains much less popular. One plausible reason for this is that diagramless puzzles are viewed as overly difficult. Though not suitable for beginners, they are easier to solve than is often presumed. A second, more justifiable reason is that their solving mechanics can be tedious, especially when working on paper. Although the intellectual challenge of diagramless puzzles is appealing, the need to frequently redraw to converge on the correct word layout can sap the enjoyment from what should be recreation. While brilliant solvers are undaunted, mere mortals wear out their erasers.
Diagnil for XP 3.0 - Diagnil is a software application designed specifically for solvers of diagramless crossword puzzles.
Diagnil 2.3 - Diagnil is a software application designed specifically for solvers of diagramless crossword puzzles.
Statement: Download Collection.com periodically updates software information of Diagnil for XP from the publisher Ben Di Vito. You can visit publisher website by clicking Homepage link. Software piracy is theft. Using Diagnil

########
Rank: 13
Score: 32.124817
Retrieved Text: n. the occupation for which you are paid; "he is looking for employment"; "a lot of people are out of work"
n. a place where work is done; "he arrived at work early today"
n. (physics) a manifestation of energy; the transfer of energy from one physical system to another expressed as the product of a force and the distance through which it moves a body in the direction of that force; "work equals force times distance"
v. give a workout to; "Some parents exercise their infants"; "My personal trainer works me hard"; "work one's muscles"; "this puzzle will exercise your mind"
v. move into or onto; "work the raisins into the dough"; "the student worked a few jokes into his presentation"; "work the body onto the flatbed truck"
v. arrive at a certain condition through repeated motion; "The stitches of the hem worked loose after she wore the skirt many times"
v. cause to work; "he is working his servants hard"
v. be employed; "Is your husband working again?"; "My wife never worked"; "Do you want to work after the age of 60?"; "She never did any work because she inherited a lot of money"; "She works as a waitress to put herself through college"
v. provoke or excite; "The rock musician worked the crowd of young girls into a frenzy"
n. the people or companies engaged in a particular kind of commercial enterprise; "each industry has its own trade publications"
v. be a success; "The idea panned out"
n. an activity that diverts or amuses or stimulates; "scuba diving is provided as a diversion for

########
Rank: 14
Score: 32.054825
Retrieved Text: Fill-Ins word puzzles are a variation of the common crossword puzzle in which words, rather than clues, are given.
The words are grouped by number of letters and then alphabetically.
To solve the game, fill the grid with all the listed words.
– New puzzles uploaded regularly.
– With a special button. it is possible to check the correctness of puzzles answers (only for diagramless ones).
– The word games can be solved off-line and no registration is required.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 31.812283
Retrieved Text: Greetings people, the first we would like to do is to welcome you guys to our website and below you will get everything related to Ballet step in which a dancer springs from one leg and lands on the other crossword clue solutions and cheats. It is a unique game and requires not much time to spend. You can see we have solved some of the levels and posted with screenshots.
Already solved Ballet step in which a dancer springs from one leg and lands on the other crossword clue? Click here and see the other clues for The Mirror Quiz Crossword February 10 2019 Answers.
This Crossword Clues Solver is definitely worth to try out. If you haven’t played, then you can do it now. We have prepared some answers and solution for your help on the regular basis. You may also look other answers on Thomas Joseph King Feature Syndicate February 16 2017 Answers, The Mirror Classic Crossword August 3 2017 Answers and it will provide more quick solutions to solve puzzles and find answers. Try to visit our site thank you.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 31.536798
Retrieved Text: Feb 11, 2019. A free, weekly online puzzle, with answers and clues that exhibit the wit. Anniversary Crossword. Fictional Jane who married him, reader.
Those cameras, and the entire HD phenomenon, have generated much debate, even though the series is cherished by crowds of opera lovers. Are the performances siphoning off audiences from hometown opera.
TUESDAY’S PUZZLE — Places to go, things to do, people to see — sounds like what one finds in a crossword. In the case of today. I suppose we could have seen “Toro rooter” as a clue for it — perhaps.
Still, there enough tricky clues to keep things interesting. Hoyt AXTON is a country music singer. Giuseppe Verdi wrote the opera ATTILA. Giacomo Puccini wrote TOSCA. The title character in that.
MINNEAPOLIS (AP) – People seeking clues about how soon the Supreme Court might weigh in on states’ gay marriage bans should pay close attention. She made sure to plug a comic opera about the two of.
I met Tracey while running a crossword session in Carnegie Library, down in Melbourne. After the class, she had a confession. Only married a year, Tracey met her husband through a mutual passion for.
(AP) — A genealogy database used to match a family’s DNA with evidence found at a 1973 crime scene has led investigators to identify the long-dead suspect in the strangulation killing of a young.
Moving toward the holidays in lighthearted fashion, Virginia Opera returns in November with Gioachino Rossini’s comic production “The Barber of Seville. attempts by suitors to win her hand in.
Learn Musical Instrument Online

########
Rank: 17
Score: 31.264254
Retrieved Text: NEW BEDFORD — Dorothy A. (Drew) Horta, 90, died Wednesday, May 27, 2009, at home after a long illness.
Born in New Bedford, the daughter of the late Harry and Constance (Pereira) Drew, she lived in New Bedford for most of her life.
Mrs. Horta enjoyed playing piano, painting artwork and doing crossword puzzles. She also wrote a children's story book and won poetry awards.
Survivors include eleven children, Ronald Horton, Richard Horton, Gary Horton, Bruce Horton, Brian Horta, Sandra Rego, Dale Amaral, Diane Mendes, Gaye Horta and Jeff Horta, all of New Bedford, and Cheryl Byrne of Dartmouth; and numerous grandchildren and great-grandchildren.
She was the mother of the late Freddy Rollins, Jr., Gerald Pereira and Wayne Horton, and sister of the late Harriet Trott.
Her Funeral Service will be held on Saturday at 9 AM in the Saunders-Dwyer Home for Funerals, 495 Park St., New Bedford. Burial will follow in Pine Grove Cemetery. Visiting hours will be Friday 4-8 PM.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 31.074541
Retrieved Text: Greetings people, the first we would like to do is to welcome you guys to our website and below you will get everything related to Corkscrew's shape crossword clue solutions and cheats. It is a unique game and requires not much time to spend. You can see we have solved some of the levels and posted with screenshots.
This Crossword Clues Solver is definitely worth to try out. If you haven’t played, then you can do it now. We have prepared some answers and solution for your help on the regular basis. You may also look other answers on Newsday.com Crossword June 7 2018 Answers, The Mirror Cryptic Crossword December 9 2016 Answers and it will provide more quick solutions to solve puzzles and find answers. Try to visit our site thank you.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 30.978752
Retrieved Text: ABC Genius is a very powerful but easy-to-use program. It allows you to search for words matching a pattern, find anagrams, palindromes, chain of words etc. Having trouble getting the last word in your puzzle? Then ABC Genius is for you. It can eliminate hours of frustration trying to find solutions to crossword and other puzzles.
Have you ever solved a crossword, anagram, Scrabble or Boggle? Was that difficult? Do you want to get help solving these puzzles?
Then you need ABC Genius. It is an essential tool for any word-puzzle enthusiast and was specially developed for real word-game fans.
To get ABC Genius to search for all words that match this word pattern you simply type the word representing any unknown letters with a ?. In this example you would enter: g??iu?. Now press Enter and ABC Genius will find genius and gonium.
Copyright © 2019 ABC Genius.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 30.875427
Retrieved Text: Puzzlers from around the area descended upon the Central Library for the first annual Arlington Puzzle Festival to benefit the Friends of the Arlington Public Library, last Saturday, November 5.
The promise of New York Times crossword puzzles, Sudoku puzzles by Thomas Snyder, and an OCTO puzzle created by organizer Doug Gardner were used to lure participants in, but the biggest draw was definitely the opportunity to spend a day with other Puzzle Dorks (and I mean that in the nicest possible way). I’ve been to several crossword tournaments around the country in the last few years and what I’ve found is that puzzle people are the nicest, funniest, most welcoming people in the world. And the Arlington event did nothing to change my mind about that.
The day began with a talk by Norton Beckerman, a Sudoku teacher who discussed how people learn to make sense of Sudoku rules in order to actually solve the puzzles. Next we heard from Matt Gaffney, a professional crossword constructor, who talked about the business of crosswords in general as well as specific issues related to constructing puzzles. He wound up his talk with some helpful tips for solvers which, as it turns out, came in handy over the next couple of hours (thanks, Matt!).
Then it was time for the puzzles.
The tournament didn’t run quite as smoothly as New York Times crossword editor’s Will Shortz’s American Crossword Puzzle Tournament, but Will has had 35 years to perfect the process. Doug did a great job moving things along and keeping everyone entertained.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 30.83225
Retrieved Text: Hey, guys, we are excited and happy that you joined our website and visited our page. Below you will find out all the Capital of Vietnam crossword clue solutions, and cheats. It is indeed a very popular game where you will give different levels of game, and you have to guess the right one answer for each level of this game, the great way to learn something different and experience it in your real life.
Already solved Capital of Vietnam crossword clue? Click here and see the other clues for The Mirror Quiz Crossword February 11 2019 Answers.
This Crossword Clues Solver is definitely worth to try out. If you haven’t played, then you can do it now. We have prepared some answers and solution for your help on the regular basis. You may also look other answers on Universal Daily Crossword January 1 2019 Answers, Newsday.com Crossword November 12 2016 Answers and it will provide more quick solutions to solve puzzles and find answers. Try to visit our site thank you.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 30.684818
Retrieved Text: Hello, readers, today we are very glad to share with you all the Lots thrown into hole crossword clue answers and solutions. This one is a new challenging game and the main reason you are landed on this page it solve all the Lots thrown into hole crossword clue solutions so you might know. Find out all the answers of Crossword Clues Solver and we also have solutions of Rebus Puzzles Answers which you will also like.
Already solved Lots thrown into hole crossword clue? Click here and see the other clues for The Mirror Cryptic Crossword May 27 2018 Answers.
Your wait is over to get your hands on this amazing and wonderful Crossword Clues Solver game. You can’t simply ignore what we have listed the answers and solutions to make it more interesting. Even though if are also seeking for more answers then see Fix yours truly in money crossword clue, Extent of anger varies crossword clue, The Mirror Quick Crossword September 19 2017 Answers and Eugene Sheffer King Feature Syndicate June 30 2017 Answers. Thanks for visiting here and try to keep up with all the new upcoming updates on our website.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 30.644941
Retrieved Text: Dear visitors, we are happy that you find our website, and it means you are ready to solve some extraordinary games quest and puzzles. Below you will find Lose argument about the Baltic say crossword clue and cheats to guide in every step of this game. This game is built to make your mind sharper and keep you busy for very long time. If you are facing any problem then kindly do comments. We will do our best to solve your issue very Quickly.
Already solved Lose argument about the Baltic say crossword clue? Click here and see the other clues for The Mirror Cryptic Crossword April 15 2019 Answers.
The Crossword Clues Solver is truly an excellent Game, we have tried to provide you all the solutions and answers you are seeking every day. If you require more answers than you can see on Universal Daily Crossword January 23 2018 Answers, Newsday.com Crossword February 21 2018 Answers. Thank you very much for visiting our website, and there are plenty more to more.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 30.515291
Retrieved Text: Puzzle-Generator Windows Tool to create your own puzzles and crosswords.
Here you find a description about the different types of puzzles you can create, edit and generate with the Puzzle Generator Tool.
Puzzle-Generator is one of the best crossword puzzle generation software. Crosswords are word puzzles that are based on a rectangular grid of white shaded squares. The goal is to fill the white squares with letters, forming words, by solving clues which lead to the answers. With Puzzle-Generator you can create your own crosswords with personal words and questions and your individual solution text.
Crosswords can have various styles, e.g. an American-style grid, British-style grid or the very famous Swedish-style grid.
You can use the program to create your own word search puzzle with your own list of words.
These puzzles are popular with different groups of people, especially teachers and students.
Kids often like this type of puzzles which are easier than crosswords and can be solved by everybody.
Some other puzzle types such as Sudoku or Alphametic puzzles are planned to be implemented in future versions of Puzzle-Generator.
If you know other interesting puzzle variants which are still missing in Puzzle-Generator please feel free to contact us.
Advanced buttons to zoom in and out at crosswords.
Add smooth drop shadows to your crosswords.
Advanced colorization options for the background.
Support drag and drop to import text files.
New feature: Place one or more pictures inside the field of a crossword.
Improved performance of puzzle generation.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 30.494308
Retrieved Text: Welcome to your One-Stop-Shop Crossword Solving site! New York Times has 2 daily puzzles so click on the one you need help with below. Alternatively you can click on the date of the last puzzle that we have solved to go straight there.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 30.350885
Retrieved Text: Hey dear friends, we feel proud to share with you our website and below you will find out related things for Weathers as a hurricane crossword clue answers and solutions. This is a brand new game that will going to entertain you for a very long time. If you like this game you should check all the solutions and answers of Crosswords Daily Clues and people who play this game also like Daily Crossword Puzzles Answers which you might like as well.
Already solved Weathers as a hurricane? Click here and see the other crossword clues for New York Times Crossword July 15 2018 Answers.
Do you really want to play this incredible Crosswords Daily Clues? For you convenience we have post all the possible solutions and answers so you never need to seek it from anywhere else. In case you are wondering to get more answers then you can get them from Fred Flintstone's boss crossword clue, Podcast host Maron crossword clue, Word Trek Daily Quest May 21 2017 Answers and Words Crush Daily Puzzle November 11 2017 Answers. Thank very much for your patience and stay tuned.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 30.322638
Retrieved Text: Greetings people, the first we would like to do is to welcome you guys to our website and below you will get everything related to Company that originated the word aspirin and still sells aspirin solutions and cheats. It is a unique game and requires not much time to spend. You can see we have solved some of the levels and posted with screenshots.
This Crossword Clues Solver is definitely worth to try out. If you haven’t played, then you can do it now. We have prepared some answers and solution for your help on the regular basis. You may also look other answers on Universal Daily Crossword January 29 2019 Answers, Newsday.com Crossword December 6 2017 Answers and it will provide more quick solutions to solve puzzles and find answers. Try to visit our site thank you.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 30.22852
Retrieved Text: Some do it in the comfort of home with a G&T to hand after a hard day at work. Others prefer it at the breakfast table over coffee; still more manage to tackle it on the train. But, wherever they are, those who know the pleasures it brings can be identified by the tell-tale combination of a furrowed brow, a well-sharpened pencil and a still sharper look in their eye.
The Daily Telegraph crossword - of which of course, I speak - has reached a milestone: tomorrow's will be the 25,000th. And yet, even as we celebrate its longevity, its future is by no means secure.
Sudoku, which many puzzle pundits thought would pass as quickly as a summer storm, has stubbornly endured, and with 5,472,730,538 possible combinations on a classic grid, it could be around for a while. But will the crossword?
Our crossword editor, Val Gilbert, is uncertain: "The Telegraph crossword has been going for 81 years and I think it will last a century. Beyond that, I don't know. If you took a train journey 20 years ago, everybody was reading a paper, now people get their news from the television or online. Few have time to sit and think about the crossword."
Our leisure time is undoubtedly spent differently from that of early cruciverbalists. On the June day in 1925 when the first Daily Telegraph crossword was published, typical family entertainment might have included a game of whist or a radio play.
Telegraph compiler Don Manley says it was the perfect environment for crosswords to flourish. "I

########
Rank: 29
Score: 30.109514
Retrieved Text: Hey guys, today we are very glad that you have visited our website and click on this page. We are sharing everything related to School near Windsor Castle crossword clue and solutions for this classic Puzzle game. This game is mostly available for Android devices. The main idea behind this game is very simple is that to provide you different levels and you have to guess the correct answer for each level.
Already solved School near Windsor Castle? Click here and see the other clues for LA Times Crossword February 11 2019 Answers.
This Crossword Clues Solver is definitely worth to try out. If you haven’t played, then you can do it now. We have prepared some answers and solution for your help on the regular basis. You may also look other answers on Thomas Joseph King Feature Syndicate May 10 2017 Answers, The Mirror Quiz Crossword November 5 2017 Answers and it will provide more quick solutions to solve puzzles and find answers. Try to visit our site thank you.

================



======= Instance Index 72 =========
Input Text: The word "watch" has multiple meanings. Does it have the same meaning in sentences 1 and 2? Yes or no?

Sentence 1: Put a little baking soda in some vinegar and watch what happens.
Sentence 2: The world is watching Sarajevo.

Target Text: No

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 43.637722
Retrieved Text: Preschoolers are curious creatures. Science experiments, even very simple experiments fuel their curiosity for the world. Learning how to observe, talk about what they see and predict what might happen are amazing for growth in so many areas! Many experiments can also increase practical life and fine motor skills not to mention math, literacy, vocabulary and of course science! So many activities like this ice science experiment are easy to set up, engaging and don’t cost anything! Go ahead and try a preschool science experiment, you will all be amazed!
Baking soda science activities are so cool! Here’s the first one we ever tried and we have done so many since then, almost a year later! Check out a super simple way to try your first baking soda science experiment.
Liam has been really into his Imaginext space men these days so I have been including them in some of our recent play to keep our activities relevant to his interests. The best part about baking soda science experiments is the versatility! I gathered some men and aliens. We have a short dvd that shows the men being rescued from goo geysers, so that is what I am calling these mini volcanos!
I filled a baking dish with baking soda to start and arranged my items. I used very small plastic containers (dollar store), maybe an inch tall. I put a drop of dish soap in and filled with water to 2/3 full (bowls work or these fun test tubes). I prepped red and yellow vinegar and set out

########
Rank: 1
Score: 43.260292
Retrieved Text: Baking soda and vinegar reaction is our #1 simple science experiment that is so versatile for each holiday! We have found creative ways to explore preschool science all year round. Of course, Easter has to have a baking soda and vinegar reaction like these fizzy rainbow Easter eggs! Open the kitchen cupboard and get started right away on this baking soda and vinegar rainbow Easter Eggs activity.
BAKING SODA AND VINEGAR FOR RAINBOW EASTER EGGS!
Get ready to add this simple Easter baking soda science activity to your Easter theme lesson plans this season. If you want to explore baking soda and vinegar activities, let’s get started. While you’re at it, make sure to check out these other fun Easter science activities.
Let’s get right to exploring this chemical change with baking soda and vinegar. Head to the kitchen, open the pantry and be prepared to get a little messy. Make sure to have a tray and paper towels available for spills!
This RAINBOW EASTER EGGS activity asks the question: What happens when you mix baking soda and vinegar?
We buy our real eggs in bulk and end up with a lot of these nifty egg trays which are perfect for all sorts of activities like this Easter baking soda one. A smaller egg carton with fewer eggs would be fine too (even a plate works). For us, the more plastic eggs the better! The more chances for fizzing fun, the better too!
Your kids should easily be able to help you set up this baking soda and vinegar experiment too!
STEP 1:

########
Rank: 2
Score: 42.433037
Retrieved Text: The Incredible Rising Mustard Experiment - Robolab Technologies Pvt. Ltd.
Discover what happens when baking soda is added to mustard?
1.) Pour some mustard into the clear cup. The amount is not crucial.
2.) Add 1 teaspoon of baking soda to the cup and stir briefly.
The mustard will rise in a dramatic fashion due to the presence of vinegar in mustard. The reaction between the vinegar and baking soda will produce carbon dioxide gas, which causes the mustard to rise.
The reaction will continue until all of the vinegar is used up. In this case, the baking soda will be in excess. Since the vinegar is used up, it is the limiting reactant.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 41.864273
Retrieved Text: Join the A-TV science superstars and find out how to make a cabbage indicator to determine whether a substance is an acid or alkali.
1. Have your adult helper slice your cabbage into 6 sections. Put the cabbage in your bowl and then have an adult help you cover it with hot water. Let the cabbage steep in the hot water until the water has cooled and changed to a deep purple color.
2. While our cabbage cools, let's move on to the next step! What you need to do is dissolve some baking soda in some water. Take one of your cups and Add ½ cup water and 2 tablespoons baking soda to it then stir everything up really well. The next step is to pour some vinegar into one of the small glasses. Add about ½ cup. Take some clear soda and pour some of it into another small glass.
3. Now that the cabbage water is cold, strain it and put it into a beaker. This is your cabbage indicator. If you don't have a beaker at home, you can use a clear glass or jar. Now, pour ½ cup of the cabbage indicator water into an empty glass. Now that you have all of your liquids measured out in front of you it's time to see which liquids will change the color of the cabbage indicator!
4. Pour a little of the vinegar into the Indicator and see what color it changes to. It should look pink. You can change the cabbage indicator back to purple

########
Rank: 4
Score: 41.474422
Retrieved Text: STEM activities are always fun! Plus I love changing up how we use something. One of our favorite sensory activities to use is water beads.
This whole activity came about because one morning my kids asked what else water beads could absorb into them. They asked about oil and I said maybe not. Then they asked about vinegar. I said maybe.
Curious minds wanted to know more and if it works. And I was not about to say no.
This was really simple and easy to do. Plus this became more about what will happen that expecting something grand. The basic will water bead adsorb vinegar became a lot more than we had planned.
This is a fun idea about exploring something you use all the time differently.
The first thing we did was put two colors of beads into vases. Then we put in the vinegar.
We learned a few things. The vinegar allowed the color to bleed out from the beads and colored the water. They did not get as big as they would with water.
After the beads were as full as they were going to get we washed them off with water to get rid of any vinegar on the outside. Then I put them in bowls to use in the next experiment.
We put two cookie cutters in the small paint tray. We did hearts since we did this around Valentines.
The first experiment we put water beads in the one cookie cutter. This was to see how long it would take for the baking soda to fizz.
Then we put

########
Rank: 5
Score: 41.110676
Retrieved Text: As a stay at home mom every day I have to find something new to keep the interest of my two kids. With school work, house work, and a million pets running around, my brain can get a little uncreative and tired as the day goes on.
Unfortunately “mommy wants to just lay on the couch” doesn’t translate very well to a 2 year old. It ends up in questions like… Why? Why? Whhhhhhhhhy?
Which is why when I was adding to my Rainbow Crafting Pinterest Board and a blogger friend of mine showed me a post of hers called 10 Baking Soda Experiments, I got really excited! That day was a little trying for me with the kids getting on each others nerves, so I decided to get up, drag everyone to the kitchen and create some playtime.
We went through 2 boxes of Baking Soda and FOUR bottles of Vinegar playing over and over again. My house smelled like Easter Eggs for two days. But it was fun! We did a few things different than Jen did on her experiment but I want to make it clear that it was her post that got me up to play, so please visit her as well. She has more than I have listed here, so you can play all week long!
To do this super fun playtime experiment, you will need to have no needle syringes and a massive bag of baking soda. We went through a ton of baking soda playing over and over again so I recommend grabbing

########
Rank: 6
Score: 40.566288
Retrieved Text: Will Vinegar and Baking Soda Actually Clean Your Drains?
Home » Around the House » Does Vinegar and Baking Soda Actually Clean Your Drains?
So you have this problem.
You have a clog in your drain, and you have no idea how to clear it out of the way.
You remembered a while ago someone told you that baking soda and a vinegar mixture would clear that blockage out of the way.
Before you take all of that time gathering your supplies and seeing for yourself if this actually works, I decided to help you by experimenting myself.
Vinegar and baking soda are a great natural way to clean your house. You can use it for cleaning so many areas in your house: washing windows, it makes a great disinfectant and removing hard water marks of your dishes left behind by your dishwasher.
When it comes to the uses of vinegar and baking soda around your house this is a pretty small list.
When it comes to cleaning clogs, it has a tough challenge ahead of it. Does vinegar and baking soda clear drains? Let ‘s find out.
I had a clog in my bedroom’s ensuite, and before I went out to grab a chemical clog cleaner, I wanted to see for myself if using baking soda and vinegar works to solve this draining problem.
Let’s see if cleaning your drains with vinegar and baking soda is worthy of the hype it gets.
HOW DO YOU USE VINEGAR AND BAKING SODA TO REMOVE CLOGS?
Listen carefully, I am only going to explain this once.
Take some hot water and

########
Rank: 7
Score: 40.06935
Retrieved Text: It's easy to clean your oven with some stuff you already have in your home.
Here's what you'll need: Dish gloves, baking soda, vinegar, dish soap, water, a spray bottle, a sponge or cleaning cloth, a scraper or spatula, paper towels, bucket or bowl and (optionally) a vacuum cleaner.
Remove the racks from your oven and wash them in warm, soapy water. Some oven racks are dishwasher safe, but check your oven manual first to make sure they won't be damaged in the dishwasher. Dry the racks and set them aside.
Remove any loose food particles from your oven.
Make a paste using three parts baking soda and one part water.
Spread the paste around the inside of your oven. If there are really tough, burnt on spots, put a little extra baking soda paste on them. Avoid putting the paste on heating elements inside the oven.
Close your oven and let the paste sit overnight.
Moisten your sponge or cleaning cloth with warm water and wipe away the baking soda paste. Use a bucket or bowl full of warm water to rinse the sponge or cleaning cloth as you're removing the baking soda paste. For any stubborn messes, use a scraper or spatula.
Fill a spray bottle with one part vinegar and one part water. Spray down the oven and wipe away leftover baking soda paste with paper towels or another cleaning cloth. You can use a handheld vacuum or attachment to remove any remaining clumps of baking soda.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 40.02027
Retrieved Text: Today I’m sharing how to make Jell-o Eruptions! This experiment was inspired by Fun-a-Day.
I poured Jell-o and baking soda into a bowl and let my little ones mix them together. I did not use any measurements, but just poured all the Jell-o in and sprinkled in probably a half cup of baking soda.
Then we simply poured vinegar into the mixture and watched it erupt!
It is a typical reaction with baking soda/vinegar, but the Jell-o made the pretty colors and also made the room smell really great!
We also tried this using an ice cube tray. It was fun to watch it erupt!
Our last experiment was with this hourglass from Gummylump. The pictures don’t do justice to show how cool it was! You could see the bubbles getting bigger and bigger in the bottom part of the hourglass and eventually pushing their way over the top! It was quite exciting!
You can tell that my son was thoroughly enjoying this experiment!
We also tried mixing colors together and just playing with the mixture.
Anything that’s messy is always fun!
If you’re looking for more fizzy fun, you can check out these 5 experiments we did with baking soda.
Very cool Angels! He looks so excited!
This is awesome! I love the idea of adding gelatin to the vinegar and baking soda (maybe it’ll take away some of that vinegar smell?). Your son looks like he’s having a blast!

########
Rank: 9
Score: 40.008526
Retrieved Text: Fizzy chemistry and dying Easter eggs combine for a super fun and easy to do Easter science activity. If you are looking to try a few new egg coloring methods this year and encourage some hands-on learning, you need to learn about dyeing eggs with vinegar! Not only do you get to do a classic Easter egg activity but you can also pair it with a science lesson in one fun and simple Easter science activity!
DYEING EGGS WITH VINEGAR FOR EASY EASTER EGG ACTIVITY!
Get ready to add this simple dyeing Easter egg activity to your science lesson plans this season. If you want to learn… how to dye eggs with vinegar, let’s get this experiment set up! While you’re at it, make sure to check out these other fun Easter activities & Easter games.
Let’s get right to making these gorgeous and colorful fizzy dyed Easter eggs. Head to the kitchen, open the fridge and grab the eggs, food coloring, baking soda, and vinegar. Make sure to have a good work space prepared and paper towels!
Make sure to check out our other science-inspired method for dying Easter eggs with our marbled eggs!
STEP 1: Place ½ Tablespoon of baking soda into each cup. Add 5-6 drops of food coloring to each cup and mix with a spoon.
STEP 2: Place one hard boiled egg into each cup. Place cups on a sheet pan or 9×13 pan.
STEP 3: Pour 1/3 cup of vinegar into each cup and watch it bubble up! There might be some spillage so make sure the

########
Rank: 10
Score: 39.765545
Retrieved Text: How to Clean Your Garbage Disposal – Naturally!
Does your garbage disposal smell like… well, garbage? Are you wondering how you can clean out that stink without pouring chemicals down your drain? Here are some safe, natural and effective methods you can try!
NOTE: DO NOT EVER PUT YOUR HAND DOWN THE GARBAGE DISPOSAL. Just saying.
I probably haven’t ever written a natural cleaning blog post without including vinegar and / or baking soda. They are the BEST! Pretty much the go to for every natural cleaning thing, ever. Just pour a bit down in your garbage disposal and let it sort of hang out there for a bit, working its baking soda magic. Flush with some water and you’re good to go.
BAKING SODA AND VINEGAR – TOGETHER!!!
OMG how much do I love baking soda and vinegar. Ever since my first erupting volcano project they’ve held a special place in my heart! And now my business is literally built around them. Combining them works sometimes, other times the foamy reaction can get in the way. When cleaning the stink out of your garbage disposal naturally, this is a match made in heaven. You can do this a few ways, and they’re all good fun.
Toss a half cup of baking soda down the drain and chase it wish a generous glut of vinegar. Watch the bubbles rise! Let it sit for a while and flush it down with water.
If you want to get some grinding action (I always feel more satisfied when I grind something to clean the garbage disposal)

########
Rank: 11
Score: 39.75455
Retrieved Text: We're getting more and more inquiries about smart controls in the first of a series of stories on smart controls we look at the functionality available. Emergency boiler breakdown cover helps protect you against the costs of emergency repairs to your boiler or main source of heating or water in your home, when the unexpected happens. You are implying that we mugged him off and that is not true," he said.
Check how the boiler would perform in different environments using an environmental test chamber. What is the eco-mode setting on a boiler? is it cheaper than the normal function? Any dissolved minerals in the water will be concentrated by the evaporation and will tend to form a. Excellent service and job well done installed a solar water heater last week monday hot water has been a blessing.
Electric systems with storage heaters allow you to save up thermal energy overnight, potentially letting you take advantage of cheaper tariffs if you’re charged differently for day and night energy use. The drains, and internal pipes, within a property that carry household waste are normally the property owner's (or the landlord's) responsibility.
The only thing i would add is for the baking soda/vinegar combo - how i do it to have the clog become unlodged faster is to make sure the drain is completely dry - then put the baking soda down the drain, then pour vinegar down and quickly place the bottom of a cup or some kind of drain seal over the opening when the vinegar and baking soda.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 39.434666
Retrieved Text: Soda and vinegar and baking soda you can for a homemade silver cleaner for your stovetop just sprinkle baking soda and vinegar is an excellent way.
Is a base and vinegar is an acid baking soda in the baking soda in a baking soda is the baking soda to clean and let. And baking soda to the bottom of the baking soda with a baking soda can help your body can have a hard time ridding itself of acid consuming baking soda. To the bottom of your diaper pail before you begin to fill it with dirty diapers to keep the pail smelling fresh you can sprinkle baking soda over a clean. If you have a dirty oven full of condiments contains items that are used in the sodium bicarbonate is a safe alternative for removing dry skin rough skin.
Vinegar and water in a spray bottle shake it up with some baking soda can be caused by poison oak and poison ivy just mix a teaspoon of baking soda. You can create a baking soda that is three parts baking soda in your refrigerator baking soda to a large bowl and pouring a small spill-proof box of baking soda and. And vinegar react with each other because of an acid-base reaction occurs after mixing vinegar and water if you do it without leaving unwanted scratch marks on your no. Of the most common benefits of using baking soda and vinegar baking soda on a clean cloth or sponge and use as a base and the other is

########
Rank: 13
Score: 39.229782
Retrieved Text: Today, I am cleaning what I clean like regularly like at least like three times, two or three times a week but I have enough time to clean. So, I’ve had like my bathtub looking long gross and stuff but anyways. Today I’m going to show you how to clean a bathtub using a few things that you may have in your kitchen.
Let’s get started so one of the main things that I am going to be using for this cleaning is your baking soda another thing that I’m going to be using that works pretty well with baking. So that to get the stuff thoroughly clean is vinegar and I put it in this bottle because I like tore use bobby another thing that I’m using is just regular soap all-purpose so you can it’s. I mean I used to bathe with but you can use it for cleaning your bathtub because that says it’s offered so you’re going to need a sponge and also you might want to use a paper like paper towel or if you want to use let’s say towel or something like that like little small town and some books.
You don’t need gloves it’s up to you I like to use looks because I get grossed out stick in my hand there it is growth so I’m going to go ahead ropes and you’re going to get started cleaning up this dirty back up it’s a little bit embarrassing. I’m going to show you right now in a bit once

########
Rank: 14
Score: 38.962692
Retrieved Text: Trying to entertain two boys without relying too much on television and technology has been a challenge. I decided to try this little "science" experiment from Pinterest with them one morning. I gave Evan a little lesson on acids and bases and how they react together and then let him see for himself. Basically, you just put some food coloring in vinegar and then use droppers to put the vinegar into the baking soda and create colorful fizzy art. Unfortunately, I only had enough baking soda for one dish so they had to share. I will have to let them do this again one day because they really had a lot of fun.
They used medicine droppers to drop in the vinegar.
Starting to look like a colorful piece of art already.
Someone got a little happy with the red. After this, Evan decided to pretend the green and blue was earth and water, and the red was volcano lava that was spreading. Reminds me of how he used to re-enact volcano eruptions in his sandbox with the dinosaurs.
Brody the volcano adds more lava.
My little scientists hard at work.
Evan tries to put out the fires of the lava with some blue water.
Eventually, we just added all the vinegar and watched the last of the baking soda dissolve into fizz. I guess this is what land looks like after the volcano turns everything to black volcanic ash still steaming with heat.
We also discovered it makes some pretty noxious gaseous fumes. Ha!
So have you tried any interesting science or art projects

########
Rank: 15
Score: 38.62404
Retrieved Text: People spend about 90 percent of their time indoors. When you spend that much time inside, you want your home to be as clean as possible.
No one really wants to do any house cleaning, but did you know there are some pretty cool facts about it? Keep reading to check out some fun info about cleaning.
You may think the toilet is the dirtiest spot in your home, but it’s actually your kitchen sink. There are more germs in your kitchen sink than anywhere else in your home.
Bacteria grows when food particles sit in your sink. You also transfer germs while you are cooking and washing your hands. You must wash your sink at least once a day—don’t forget that faucet!
Dust is everywhere, but what is it and where does it come from? Dust comes from dirt on your shoes, clothing fibers, animal dander, insect waste, and some human skin cells. This dust is not only dirty—it can also irritate asthma and allergies, so clean those filters.
Vinegar is one of the most versatile products in your home. You can clean hard water stains off your glasses with vinegar. Run cloudy glasses in the dishwasher with a bowl of vinegar on the bottom shelf of the dishwasher to restore their shine.
You can also clean your toilet by adding vinegar to the water tank. Put a glass jar upside down in the tank with a few holes in the lid.
Vinegar can also clean your dishes by adding to your dish soap. You can also clean your fruit with a

########
Rank: 16
Score: 38.57143
Retrieved Text: Remove if it’s the metal type wash by hand in a basin of dishwashing water with a good degreaser detergent.
Most of them can be washed in the sink if they are metal. Soak in warm water, Dawn and baking soda. If they are made of soft materials it may have to be replaced.
If it's metal, a soak in the sink with some ammonia works well. I have also used Krud Kutter - simply sprayed it well, waited about 10 minutes and brushed it a little. Rinsed and it looked like new!
I clean mine all the time with zero scrubbing! Put the filters in the tub, spray both sides liberally with basin tub and tile cleaner, let sit a few minutes then rinse in hot water. Grease, dirt and grime rinses right off! I also clean outdoor furniture, blinds etc the same way.
The white vinegar and baking soda combo works great on grease. Soak in as little water as possible but enough to cover of hot water with vinegar and baking soda added. Good luck!

########
Rank: 17
Score: 38.390083
Retrieved Text: There is never bad time to clean your home, but since spring is almost here, I thought I would dedicate a blog to spring cleaning. Personally, spring cleaning is not my favorite thing to do, but I do love finding creative, environmentally friendly, and cost efficient ways to clean.
Did you know you probably have the essential products for getting your home spotless sitting right in your pantry. Lemons, vinegar, and baking soda are perfect for everyday, and spring cleaning. The citric acid in lemons helps cut through dirt and grease. Vinegar is also acidic and works to dissolve dirt, and clean sticky surfaces. Baking soda is sodium bicarbonate, which is basically salt. It is the opposite of acidic, with a higher Ph balance.
There are many uses for lemons, vinegar, and baking soda. When it comes to cleaning, they get the job done.
Freshening Garbage Disposal - Toss lemon peels down drain, and run with running water until peels go down.
Clean Cutting Boards - Squeeze juice onto board and allow to sit for a few minutes, and then scrub.
Grout Stains - Squeeze lemon juice into a spray bottle, and spray on grout and use in conjunction with baking soda, and scrub.
Cleaning Stove Top - Squeeze juice into a spray bottle, and spray on grout. Use in conjunction with baking soda, by adding a bit of baking soda to damp sponge and scrubbing.
Cleaning Windows/Mirrors - Mix vinegar and water, equal parts, and add to spray bottle to clean.
Clean Bath Tub - Scrub bath tub with vinegar soaked sponge. Rinse

########
Rank: 18
Score: 38.281
Retrieved Text: Thinking about a thorough cleaning of the kitchen is like imagining climbing Everest what is the same a very demanding task for which we do not always feel prepared. However, do not spread panic. We have devised a cleaning plan, which we have organized by tasks and timings either daily or during the weekend. Which will make your kitchen s impeccable and without spending so much time.
This cleaning step should be done before the end of the day. Clean the counter top and do not leave anything to wash in the sink, what today is a couple of cups, in a few days will be a mountain of cacaos. Checks the oven if you have used it, leaves it open for air. Wash the tray or the sides of the oven with a little baking soda, which guarantees impeccable cleaning, if there is any debris when cooking.
They will be easier to remove if you do it when the oven is still hot. Sweep and scrub the floor, if necessary. A natural cleaning option that ensures disinfection and shine when scrubbing is to add a splash of vinegar to the water. In addition, forget industrial disinfectants!
If on Saturdays you usually make the weekly purchase, it is the moment to review the refrigerator and subject it to a little thorough cleaning. Take advantage of being half-empty to go over the shelves and walls with water impregnated with some lemon juice. If the gums in the refrigerator accumulate dirt, remove it with a cotton swab.
After cooking, the cleaning of

########
Rank: 19
Score: 38.25288
Retrieved Text: Whether or not you enjoy doing laundry, you have to admit, it can be exhausting. The last thing you want is to find you've run of detergent after you've sorted and put in a load. Don’t lose hope. Quickly skim through your pantry and look for any of these substitutes that can help you get through a laundry emergency.
Making an alternative detergent requires a little work but once you’ve made it, you might not buy detergent again. All you need is baking soda, a bar of soap, and essential oil for scent. First, turn your baking soda into washing soda by putting it in the oven (click here for a quick step-by-step guide). After you’ve made your washing soda, mix it with your grated bar of soap and essential oils. That’s it! The best part is it's chemical-free!
Believe it or not, the best replacement for fabric softener is distilled vinegar. Vinegar is actually a natural softener so adding ¼ of a cup into your cycle will soften your clothes perfectly. If you’re worried your clothes will start smelling like a favorite Pinoy dipping sauce, adding a few drops of essentials oils will easily put out the smell. You can also visit your bathroom and borrow some conditioner to add to the mix as an added softener. If vinegar is all you’ve got, it will do the trick.
As for bleach, you need to find your first-aid kit and grab some hydrogen peroxide. Mix that with lemon juice, baking soda, and water, then voila—you’ve got homemade bleach. Add

########
Rank: 20
Score: 38.00939
Retrieved Text: Aspiring chemists will love this “chemistry in a bag” experience! The perfect keep-em-busy afternoon activity. And chances are you already have everything you need — so no run to the store for some sort of obscure ingredient.
We do suggest performing this experiment outside. It can get messy (which is half the fun!).
Many thanks to Lindsay Jones, Director of Stevenson University’s Science Camp, for showing us chemistry with a bang!
Pour vinegar into baggie and add food coloring.
Twist the baggie just above the vinegar and secure it with a clothespin or clip. Add the baking soda to the empty space in the bag. Seal the bag.
Take the bag outside and remove the clothespin, allowing the baking soda and vinegar to mix. Watch as the bag fills with gas and explodes in a fizzy mess!
Why does this happen? The chemical reaction between the vinegar and baking soda releases carbon dioxide that fills the bag up, causing it to explode.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 37.9915
Retrieved Text: From the budding engineer to the sculptor-in-training, there’s something for everyone with these crowd-pleasing DIY projects for kids. And every project features ARM & HAMMER™ Baking Soda, so you can feel good knowing they’re using something trusted, pure and natural to play with. So, grab your supplies, a big bag of baking soda, and see what happens!
One more thing: Adult supervision is recommended for these projects.
Part craft, part deodorizer, kids can create and decorate their own creature, which doubles as a deodorizer for their stinky sneakers.
Markers, buttons, sequins and glue for decorating!
Lay newspaper down on your work surface.
Tie ribbon around rubber band, cut off extra sock (cuff area).
Decorate using felt, markers, buttons, sequins and more to make your Sneaker Peeker an animal, monster, flower — whatever your kids can dream up.
Stick them in your kids’ sneakers overnight for fresh shoes in the morning!
How magical is baking soda? We’re about to spill the beans.
Add 3 to 4 drops of food coloring.
Drop in rice, buttons, pasta – and watch them rise and fall.
Peace, love and slime! Here’s a far out idea for craft time: tie dye slime made with ARM & HAMMER™ Baking Soda. Mix and match colors for new ooey gooey fun every time!
Start with 5 small bowls. Pour 4 oz. of clear liquid glue in each.
Add 1/4 - 1/2 tsp. of baking soda to each bowl; mix well.
Add 3-5 drops of food coloring and stir.
When the slime reaches a gooey state, remove it from the bowl and knead with your hands.
If it still feels sticky after

########
Rank: 22
Score: 37.956093
Retrieved Text: 4 Ways To Clean Grout Between Floor Tiles Wikihow Inside Cleaning Tile Floors With Baking Soda And Vinegar Prepare | Jenniferumphress.com how to clean floor tile grout with baking soda and vinegar. cleaning tile floors with baking soda and vinegar. how to clean tile floors with baking soda and vinegar.
Terrific How To Clean Tile Floors With Vinegar And Baking Soda Within Cleaning Tile Floors With Baking Soda And Vinegar Renovation. 4 Ways To Clean Grout Between Floor Tiles Wikihow Inside Cleaning Tile Floors With Baking Soda And Vinegar Prepare. 2 Gallons Warm Water1 Cup Baking Soda 1 Cup White Vinegar 1 Tbs With Cleaning Tile Floors With Baking Soda And Vinegar Prepare. How To Clean Tile Floors With Vinegar And Baking Soda With Cleaning Tile Floors With Baking Soda And Vinegar Plan. How To Clean Any Floor Like A Pro Theindianspot Intended For Cleaning Tile Floors With Baking Soda And Vinegar Renovation. How To Clean Grout With Baking Soda 14 Steps With Pictures Within Cleaning Tile Floors With Baking Soda And Vinegar Ideas. Cleaning Floor Tile Grout With Baking Soda How To Clean Tile Floors With Regard To Cleaning Tile Floors With Baking Soda And Vinegar Decorating. How To Clean Dirty Tile Floors With Vinegar And Baking Soda Bestoftips Intended For Cleaning Tile Floors With Baking Soda And Vinegar Prepare. 1967 Best Diy Cleaning Products Images On Pinterest Interview Inside Cleaning Tile Floors With Baking Soda And Vinegar Prepare. The Best 15 Cleaning Tips Clean Wood Homemade And Homemade Floor Intended For Cleaning Tile Floors With

########
Rank: 23
Score: 37.901432
Retrieved Text: 3. Mix a paste consisting of 3 parts toothpaste to 1 part baking soda. Knead and mix the paste thoroughly.... How to Clean Headlights with Baking Soda Mix together about 5 tablespoons of baking soda and enough warm water to form a paste in a bowl. Make sure to clean your headlights with soap and water and once they are clean, apply the baking soda paste to your headlights with a corner of your sponge.
How to Fix Foggy Headlights With Toothpaste! Toothpaste and a clean rag. 0 Comment Comment. 4. Put a little bit of toothpaste on rag. 0 Comment Comment. 5. Rub in circular motions. Remember a little goes a long way. I guess the whole thing about this is toothpaste is abrasive so it will polish your headlights. 0 Comment Comment. 6. Starting to apply the toothpaste �... Next, add baking soda and vinegar into a small bucket. You will notice that the two ingredients will immediately react with each other. Apply the mixture to your headlights and watch as the reaction easily removes grime and oxidation from the front of the lights. Finally, rinse the solution off using water.
A solution of toothpaste and baking soda will also clean and polish headlights. In a dish, make a solution of paste-style toothpaste (no gel), and stir in baking soda until a gritty substance has formed. how to create mobile virus using notepad Rub the toothpaste over the headlight, working in a circular motion. Continue buffing until there isn't any more stickiness or residue from the

########
Rank: 24
Score: 37.890728
Retrieved Text: What kid doesn’t LOVE searching for magic hidden treasure? Add frothy, foamy, colorful bubbles and this science activity for kids is irresistible!
What kid doesn’t love hunting for hidden treasure? Add a colorful fizzy chemical reaction on top of the hunt and you have an activity that will keep the kids entertained all afternoon.
It was love at first sight when I came across these exploding treasure chests from Fun-A-Day and these magic treasure rocks from Growing a Jeweled Rose. Inspired by these fun activities, I came up with our own summer-themed magic hidden treasure molds.
Place wax paper on a flat baking sheet. Place cookie cutters on top of the wax paper.
Mix up a 2:1 paste of baking soda to water. We used about 2 cups of baking soda and 1 cup of water, which made 6 molds.
Use liquid water colors to dye the paste. A little bit of color always makes the activity more fun!
Fill each cookie cutter mold about halfway with paste. Place some plastic “hidden treasures” inside and then fill the cookie cutter mold up the rest of the way so you can’t see any treasures. It is normal for some of the water to leak out the bottom of the cookie cutter. Don’t worry!
Place the baking sheet in the freezer overnight.
Pull each cookie cutter mold off the wax paper and break off any frozen water that leaked out. Place it in a bin, bowl, dish, or on a plate.
Pour some vinegar into a cup and add a squirt of dish soap. Stir to mix.
Use

########
Rank: 25
Score: 37.68719
Retrieved Text: Whether you’re a newer or a more seasoned vegan, you’ll doubtless at some point have opened up your household cleaning cupboard and pondered its contents. These days, as when I first started to remove animal products from my life and home, there are a number of cleaning products that contain no animal-derived ingredients and that aren’t tested on animals. Old reliable brands like Astonish offer a huge array of labeled-vegan products; everything from dishwasher tabs to laundry liquid to car engine degreaser. Astonish was -and is- available at plenty of budget and pound-stores and once helped me keep my wee one-bedroomed flat clean during a few years on an extremely tight budget. In our house we’re now big fans of Bio-D and Ecoleaf washing up liquid and laundry products, particularly as we’re lucky enough to live a 5-minute bike ride from a community co-op that offers re-fills.
In the past couple of years, as I’ve started to take my (albeit vegan) environmental impact more seriously, and as Mr J-M and I have endeavoured to reduce our plastic use, I’ve spent more than a few hours idly pinning recipes for ‘green’ household cleaners on Pinterest, and no doubt wiled away an equal amount of time guiltily viewing Minimalist YouTubers urging me to abandon any and all kitchen/bathroom cleaning accoutrements in favour of a bottle of Dr Bronner’s, a litre of white vinegar, and a wholesale tub of baking soda.
But does it actually make any sense to eschew traditional cleaning products, even if they’re suitable for vegans? Is there

########
Rank: 26
Score: 37.623337
Retrieved Text: You can clean almost anything in your home with baking soda or vinegar.
Baking Soda: Use it to scour sinks, tubs, etc. If you need something a little more abrasive, mix in some coarse salt.
Multipurpose Spray. Dilute 1 part vinegar to 4 parts water and put in a spray bottle. This mixture is especially great on windows, mirrors and metal fixtures. I also use it on the surfaces of my refrigerator, stove, and dishwasher.
Floor Cleaner. I use this same ratio, using hot water, to mop my kitchen and bathroom floors.
Disinfectant. Pour a cup of vinegar into your toilet bowl, let soak 20 minutes, then scrub.
Odor remover. To remove kitchen cooking smells, boil a small pan of vinegar. Yes, it smells like vinegar at first, but the vinegar smell will fade away and take the other smells with it.
Microfiber Cleaning Cloths: Another great cleaning product–dry, they make great dust cloths; and damp, they are great for removing smudged dirt, grease, and stains.
Using these available, inexpensive products will keep your home sparkling clean and free of noxious fumes which will benefit your health and that of those you live with.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 37.597713
Retrieved Text: This is awesome, but how do you get it not to bubble out? It bubbles out as soon as I add the baking soda.
I sprinkle the baking soda directly onto the tiles, add the vinegar next, and then scrub with a broom, and then mop up with clean water. No need to premix. As you've found out, the vinegar instantly makes the baking soda foam.
I clean rich lady's house. I say, NO! I don't clean windows and No! I don't clean grout. Too much work. Not too much pay me.
Yes, I keep posting on your blog. I like it here. So much to learn. I actually did this using only the baking soda, water and a stiff broom. It really worked well. I wish I had know about the vinegar.
May I respond to the previous post?
hehe ya ... you def should add that it needs to be in a large container when mixing cuz even tho i know that baking soda and vinegar erupts, i forgot , and it went all over!
DO NOT use VINEGAR on travertine tiles! This would work great on ceramic tiles though!
DO NOT use VINEGAR OR BAKING SODA on tile if it has a sealent it took my finish off. I do need to have a new sealent put on now. It however did clean the grout beautifully. GOOD LUCK!
oh, my, goodness-what a difference this solution made on the kitchen grout. Thanks for the info.
You are very welcome. Glad to hear the grout cleaner worked and thank you for the feed back!
This

########
Rank: 28
Score: 37.515537
Retrieved Text: Does Your Homemade Toilet Bowl Cleaner Really Work?
Many of us prefer to make our own cleaning products because they are much less expensive than commercial brands. Plus, they’re made from common household ingredients that are non-toxic and biodegradable, so we trust them to be safe for us and our pets, and also good for the environment. And, in most cases, that’s true. However, your homemade toilet bowl cleaner could be deceiving you. Sure, the toilet looks clean when you’re done, but is it, really?
If you search the Internet for “homemade toilet bowl cleaner,” you’ll find an overwhelming number of recipes. But, if you look closely, you’ll see most of them are the same—or at least very similar. All the recipes call for baking soda and regular white vinegar. And then, some say to add a few drops of castile soap and/or a few drops of tea tree oil (or another anti-bacterial essential oil).
The theory here is that the baking soda will act as a mild abrasive that aids in scrubbing off the grime and hard water deposits. Then, the vinegar, which is 5% acetic acid, will act as a mild disinfectant. Good old fashioned soap boosts the cleaning power. And finally, the tea tree oil, which is a much stronger disinfectant, will blast away what’s left of the germs.
If you’ve ever tried this recipe, you know that when you add vinegar to baking soda, it fizzes like crazy. This can be fun to watch, and the fizzing action gives the impression that it’s working. But—here’s the

########
Rank: 29
Score: 37.45314
Retrieved Text: To clean your bathroom, use items straight from the pantry! From a toilet bowl cleaner to tub, tile, and shower cleaners, find out how to clean a bathroom with some our favorite homemade bathroom cleaners.
Sprinkle baking soda into the bowl, then drizzle with vinegar and scour with a toilet brush. This combination cleans and deodorizes.
Find out more about the household uses of baking soda and the uses of vinegar.
Make a paste of baking soda and water.
Wet the surface of the tub or shower stall; gently rub with the paste on a sponge or soft nylon brush.
Rinse thoroughly. Never use an abrasive cleaner (such as common scouring powder), any abrasive scouring pad, steel wool, or a scraper.
Sprinkle baking soda in place of scouring powder in your tub or on the tiles. Rub with a damp sponge. Rinse Thoroughly.
To remove film buildup on bathtubs, apply full-strength vinegar to a sponge and wipe the area. Next, use baking soda as you would scouring powder. Rub with a damp sponge and rinse thoroughly.
Vinegar removes most dirt without scrubbing and doesn’t leave a film. Use ¼ cup (or more) vinegar to 1 gallon water.
To clean grout, put 3 cups baking soda into a medium-size bowl and add 1 cup warm water. Mix into a smooth paste and scrub into grout with a sponge or toothbrush. Rinse thoroughly and dispose of leftover paste when finished.
Find more tips for homemade floor cleaners.
Now that you’re done with the bathroom, find out how to clean your kitchen!
Get more tips for using homemade cleaners like vinegar,

================



======= Instance Index 301 =========
Input Text: The word "stress" has multiple meanings. Does it have the same meaning in sentences 1 and 2? Yes or no?

Sentence 1: Some people put the stress on the first syllable of "controversy"; others put it on the second.
Sentence 2: The intensity of stress is expressed in units of force divided by units of area.

Target Text: No

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 43.63387
Retrieved Text: • Stress is the volume and pitch a speaker gives to a sound, syllable, or word while speaking.
• Every multi-syllabic word (a word with more than one syllable) has one syllable that is emphasized more than the others.
• All English vowels in unstressed syllables can take the schwa sound. The schwa has the sound of short u (example: pencil) or short i (example: leverage). We show that a vowel has a schwa sound with an upside down e.
• Learning syllable stress will help you improve your pronunciation.
• Following is a list of general rules for syllable stress. Even though there are many exceptions in English, it is helpful to use these general rules as guidelines when you come across a word you don’t know. Try to predict what the syllable stress will be for the new words you learn. If you need to, you can use a dictionary to check the syllable stress.
• There are no rules to help you decide if a vowel says the schwa sound. One helpful thing to remember is that the schwa sound is usually in an unstressed syllable (examples: open; human; pencil). Also, usually the vowel a at the beginning or end of a word says the schwa sound (examples: sofa; agenda; America; away).
Most nouns and adjectives receive stress on the first syllable.
Some verbs and prepositions receive stress on the second syllable.
NOTE: Most two-syllable words receive stress on the first syllable. In general, stress the first syllable of two syllable words.
The primary stress does not change in a word when

########
Rank: 1
Score: 41.29964
Retrieved Text: The mechanical properties of the seamless steel tube is an important indicator that ensure seamless pipe end-use properties (mechanical properties), which depends on the chemical composition and heat treatment of steel.
In steel standards, according to different requirements, it provides the tensile properties (tensile strength, yield strength or yield point elongation) and hardness.
During stretching, when pull off the bear most strongly (Fb), divided by the original cross-sectional area (So) from the stress (σ), known as the tensile strength (σb), units of N/mm2 (MPa). It said the maximum capacity resist destruction of metallic materials under tension.
Yield the phenomenon of metal materials, the sample does not increase during the tensile force (remains constant) and continue elongation stress is known as the yield point. If the force drop occurred, you should distinguish between upper and lower yield point. The yield point of the unit is in N/mm2 (MPa). On yield point (σsu): Sample to yield the maximum stress and force the first drop; lower yield point (σsl): yield minimum stress in the stage when excluding the initial transient effect.
In the tensile test, the specimen fractured a percentage of the gauge to increase the length of the original gauge length, called elongation. Σ, said the unit is%.
In the tensile test, the percentage of the specimen fractured its shrink the diameter at the cross-sectional area of the maximum reduction and the original cross-sectional area is known as section shrinkage. Ψ expressed in%.
Metallic materials against hard objects indentation of the surface, known as hardness. according to the test method and scope of application,

########
Rank: 2
Score: 38.394817
Retrieved Text: Tìm hiểu về ngữ điệu, âm nhấn trong phát âm tiếng Anh.
"Pronunciation is within your reach".
Tone, pitch, stress and intonation are terms used to refer to different aspects of a language’s pronunciation. Every language has the same aspects in different variations; however, In English, a wide range of intonation, stress, pitch and tone is used.
The pitch of someone’s voice is the degree of lowness or highness that someone speaks with. Some people may have a naturally high pitched voice, whereas others may have a naturally low pitched voice.
There may also be emotional factors to the pitch of a person’s voice. When surprised, a person’s voice may be in a higher pitch; but, that same person’s voice may be a lower pitch when they are tired or upset.
The ‘tone’ of someone’s voice may indicate their actual emotions. Tone can convey happiness, sadness, anger, and a wide variety of different emotions. The expression “I don’t like the tone of his voice” can help you understand what ‘tone’ means in relation to the spoken language.
Intonation refers to the music of a certain language; this basically means how a person’s voice falls and rises when reciting words, sentences, paragraphs, etc.
There are some instances where intonation in a language, specifically the English language, where the intonation carries the meaning of a particular phrase. When looking at question tags on the end of a sentence, this can show that the speaker is looking for agreement.
When learning English as a second language, it is important to understand intonation. Another language, when compared to

########
Rank: 3
Score: 37.95779
Retrieved Text: Chemistry is based on observation and experimentation, trying to obtain a series of results that in many cases can be expressed numerically, allowing their comparison with those obtained in other experiences.
In all observation and experimentation we look at those properties that are susceptible of comparison and that, therefore, we can measure. These properties are called magnitudes.
There is a small group of magnitudes, called fundamental, from which all the others can be obtained. These magnitudes are: length, mass, time, current, temperature, amount of substance and luminous intensity.
The international system of units assigns a unit to each magnitude. The meter is the unit of length. If by measuring a distance, we obtain 20m means that the length is 20 times the unit of the international system.
1.- Unit of length. The meter is the distance that travels the light in the vacuum in 1 / 299.792.486 seconds. Approximately 39.37 inches. A meter is divided into 100 centimeters and 1000 millimeters.
2.- Unit of mass. The kilogram is the mass of a cylinder and platinum and iridium stored in Sevres, near Paris, France. The pound has a mass of 0.4536 kilograms. The kilogram is divided into 1000 grams.
3.- Unit of time. The second is the duration of 9,192,631,770 times the period of radiation corresponding to the transition between the two hyperfine levels of the ground state of the cesium atom 133.
4.- Unit of current of electrical current. The ampere is the intensity of a constant current which, held between two parallel, rectilinear conductors of infinite length, of negligible circular cross-section and

########
Rank: 4
Score: 37.684883
Retrieved Text: The following table shows the conversion factors for commonly used units used in our wire drawing machine industry.
Note : Underlined values are exact.
The SI metric system is based on the international system of units.
In some circumstances the term "weight" is used as meaning force and, therefore, it would have the units of force i.e. N(newtons). It is a more common practice to associate "Weight" with mass when it would have units of mass. I.e. kg (kilograms).
Properly, stress is expressed in pascals (PA) or N/m2. However, M pascals or n/mm2 is commonly used.
It is convert kgf/ mm2 to MPA (N/ mm2), multiply by 9.80665.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 37.537815
Retrieved Text: The Unit of Measurement API provides a set of Java language programming interfaces for handling units and quantities.
from library code, which implements the API.
Developers frequently encounter the need to model units of measure, because objects in the real world are subject to these measures.
which is a primary aim of this JSR. This package will help developers create safe, correct software to deal with common problem of modeling units.
such as length and mass, which are not interchangeable in normal physics. This type of property is sometimes called a "quantity" or a "dimension".
The word "dimension" fits because of the orthogonality of these properties. For example "mass" and "length" cannot be exchanged.
Further, when we multiply physical measures the dimensions add up as exponents. For example, length times length becomes length².
A large body of work exists that specifies the dimensions, meanings, and names of various physical quantities.
and gave it the name Systeme International d'Units (SI).
thermodynamic temperature, amount of substance, and luminous intensity.
such as area, volume, and force.
such as "liter" for a unit of volume and "newton" for a unit of force.
although other systems of measurement do (as in "acre").
because liters and gallons are units of volume, and all volumes have the dimension of length^3.
Therefore, a measure expressed as a number of liters can be 'converted' to a number of gallons.
but is subject to mathematics that can help to eliminate errors.
What's with Duke and that haircut?
occasionally used by presentations on JSR 363.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 36.314922
Retrieved Text: Wanna Test the Pronunciation Guide for Hunter and Prey?
Would you be interested in testing the pronunciation guide?
If not and you just want to know what I sound like as a hell demon, skip to the bottom.
I’m thinking of putting a “how to pronounce things” into Hunter and Prey because, guys, the names. All of the names. Also because people keep pronouncing Adren’s name wrong and I didn’t expect that (I mean, I do now, but hindsight’s 20/20).
The nice thing about these names is that I made them all with consistent spelling, unlike English, so I can theoretically give you a guide to the sounds and you’ll be able to pronounce everything based on that.
So, first I’ll give you the guide and then I’ll tell you how to test it (it’s super easy if your computer/similar device has a mic).
‘H’ at the end of the word, after a vowel, is pronounced like ‘h’. But at the end of the word.
The ‘j’ at the end of “Watorej” is pronounced like the ‘ge’ in mirage or rouge.
Everything else with regards to consonants are what you’d expect in English.
For two-syllable words, put the stress on the first syllable.
For three-syllable words, it’s on the second syllable.
The only exception to this is if there’s an “ae” sound- that syllable always gets the stress.
2. Comment with the link to your recording.
3. Listen to mine, if you want to see how yours compares.
And now, as promised, here is hell demon me explaining how to climb stairs in the dark.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 35.417034
Retrieved Text: In words of two or more syllables, one of the syllables is stronger than the others. For example, note the stressed syllable in the following words: MIsion, teleVIsion, rePUblican, and uniVERsity. Having appropriate word stress patterns involves not only your ability to stress the correct syllable but also your ability to pronounce the unstressed syllables by making them softer sounds.
Additionally, having appropriate word stress means you are familiar with parts-of-speech word stress patterns. If you know, for instance, that a word is a noun or a verb, you may be able to predict where the word stress falls. Also, understanding general word stress patterns will help you to formulate rules with other types of words as well. Having appropriate word stress is critical to your success on TOEFL iBT speaking. If you have irregular word stress shifts, TOEFL iBT human raters will have to put forth more effort in understanding you. And, in some cases, your distracting word stress shifts will prevent you from being understood. Therefore, human raters will give you a lower TOEFL iBT speaking score.
To illustrate how irregular words stress shifts can interfere in your ability to speak clearly, consider the following story. An English language learner went to the supermarket to buy some groceries. The customer found all but one item: conditioner.
“What? asked the clerk. “The CONditioner,” said the customer.
Even though the customer had pronounced the vowel and consonant sounds correctly, he had not stressed the correct syllable of the word: conDItioner. Due to that irregular word stress shift, the clerk could

########
Rank: 8
Score: 35.348515
Retrieved Text: Cambridge University is currently facing one of the greatest crises in its long and distinguished history. Beside this the Cuban missile crisis pales into insignificance. The problem is this: due to stealth manoeuvres and steady slippage in admission policy there is now a whole generation of young men and women who do not know how to point Hebrew. As if this were not bad enough to cap it all many do not even seem to care.
But the situation is not hopeless. If we act soon there is the possibility of remedy. What you need to do is to learn to point Hebrew yourself and then encourage all your friends to learn too. This is not a task which can be done overnight, and I promise you nothing but blood, sweat, toil and tears, but if there is a concerted effort it may be possible to stem the growing tide of ignorance of matters Hebraic. Remember to act now before it's too late.
1. Make sure that there is a vowel under (or to be read after) every Hebrew letter that is not at the end of a word and is not a ), w, or y.
2. Make sure that every begadhkephath letter (b, g, d, k, p, t) that is not immediately preceded by a vowel or medial shewa has a dot (daghesh) in it.
3. Learn to distinguish between closed and open syllables. Closed ones end in consonants which are not acting as vowel letters. Open ones have no consonant at the end.
4. Learn to distinguish long

########
Rank: 9
Score: 34.780323
Retrieved Text: By Spanish word stress we mean syllable stress – which syllable in a word is stressed or emphasised.
This is an important part of Spanish pronunciation.
Spanish words are stressed in different ways depending on a number of rules, all of which are covered here in this free online Spanish lesson.
To be automatically notified of any new free lessons on this site, just click the appropriate RSS button in the little yellow box at the top, left of this webpage.
For most words in Spanish the stress falls on the LAST SYLLABLE.
This 'Word Stress on the last syllable' applies to words ending in a consonant other than an -n or -s.
toser, pronounced tosER - which means to cough in Spanish.
la salud, pronounced saLUD - which means health in Spanish.
el reloj, pronounced reLOCH (like a Scottish loch e.g. Loch Ness) - watch, clock.
- Words ending in a vowel.
- Words ending in a -n or -s.
So in summary the letters are a-e-i-o-u-n-s where the stress is on the second-to-last syllable. Some books describe this as the last-syllable-but-one. Same thing.
Because they follow the rule, no accent is written to stress the syllable in the word.
Examples of this form of Spanish Word Stress.
último which is last in Spanish.
In this case the word does not follow the normal Spanish Word Stress rules because the stress is not on the second to last syllable, but the third to last.
Where the words follow normal rules accents are not needed.
Accents are used when the stress falls on a 'non-normal' place. The accent tells you which vowel is

########
Rank: 10
Score: 34.59115
Retrieved Text: Hello, thank You for this article. I have some problems with figure 2. Acc. to my understanding "lines of constant shear stress" is wrong. It should be denoted as "stress flow", a fictitious quantity. If torque is constant, than shear stress in the right portion (at outer diameter) is smaller than in the left portion due to the larger diameter. Furthermore there would be some raised stress level in the area of the notch.
Hello, it is a very good introduction to potential functions. I think, there is a mistake in equations 13 and 14. In equation 13 the first term is missing the "lever arm", since its derivative shouid give a torque. Thus the radius should be squared and the term with the cosine is missing. The latter exists in equation 14, but the radius is not squared there. This can also be seen, when inspecting the units. The springs of the coupling are translational springs, the spring constants having the unit "force divided by length". In order to give the unit of a torque, it has to be multiplied by "length squared".

########
Rank: 11
Score: 34.442173
Retrieved Text: "Power" is one of many terms used loosely in everyday discourse that has a very specific meaning in physics. Others include force, mass, energy, current – the list is all but endless.
In physics parlance, power is simply energy per unit time, or alternatively, work per unit time, since work and energy are expressed in the same units – usually joules (J), which is the SI, or standard international, unit, but also ergs or, in calculations where heat is under consideration, either calories or BTU. Energy, in turn, is the product of force and distance. Force, the SI unit for which is the newton, is the product of mass and acceleration.
All of this is simply background, though. At times, you'll need to express power in terms of heat by linking these different units through time, using either multiplication or division. Watts to BTU is an example of such a conversion.
Here, in the SI scheme, force has units of newtons, mass is expressed in kilograms and acceleration is measured in meters per second squared, or m/s2.
When a force acts on an object and causes it to move, the product of the applied force and the distance the object moves is the energy required to get the job done. The SI unit, the joule, can be expressed to simplify some calculations as a newton-meter.
Finally, energy output per unit time yields power. Again sticking to SI units, joules divided by seconds reduces to another SI unit, the watt. Thus 1 watt (W) is one joule of energy expended over the

########
Rank: 12
Score: 34.380928
Retrieved Text: The internal resistance offered by a body per unit area of the cross section is known as stress.
Where P represents the applied force and A represents the externally applied force.
In SI units the stress is expressed as N/mm2 or N/m2.
N/m2 is also called Pascal (pa).
Direct Stress: The direct stress acts perpendicular to the cross section of a body. It can be either Tensile or Compressive.
Tensile stress – When two equal and opposite forces are applied to a body and the body tends to increase in length is known as tensile stress.
Compressive stress – When two equal and opposite forces are applied to a body and the body tends to decrease in length is known as compressive stress.
Shear Stress or Tangential stress: Shear stress is similar to the direct except that the forces are applied tangentially and the body sheared or twisted.
Bending Stress: It is a compressive or/and tensile stress due to the non-axial forces acting on a beam. It tends to bend or deflect the beam.
Torsional Stress: Shear stress produced when we apply the twisting moment to the end of a shaft about its axis is known as Torsional stress.
Thermal Stress: Due to the change in the material temperature, the dimensions of the material also changes. But some of the parts are not free to expand. The stress set up when the parts are not free is expand due to the change in body temperature is known as thermal stress.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 34.327305
Retrieved Text: Calculator & Measurement Unit Converter. This free utility is much more than a calculator�it automatically converts values expressed in one unit of measure (of area, length, weight, volume, temperature, time, speed, pressure and energy) to equivalent values in another. Supports "Skins" for a completely customized look. Several skin themes are included (Metal, Aqua, Military, Techno and others).
Converts in both directions numerical values expressed by means of various physical units. There are 733 units, divided in 37 groups including the old Bohemian units.
It has 20 catagories with 14,000 possible combinations, a periodic chart, physical constants and much more. Shareware.
A four-way calculator that can operate in a standard or RPN entry mode. Scientific: logarithmic and trigonometric functions; Complex: complex number mathematics; Financial: statistic and interest rate calculations; Conversions: from one unit measure to another.
download un (11K) --- a units conversion program for UNIX systems by Gregory R. Simpson.
From Jason Williams (35k). Requires VB runtime libraries.
Converts one measurement unit to another. NEW-Process thousands of values at a time. Powerful scientific precision. 1700 conversion factors included. Add your own. "Spell Out" result. "Thirty six point one feet is equivalent to eleven point zero meters". Works like Windows Help Find.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 33.8795
Retrieved Text: Information for you. Physics of pressure cooker.
Search High Pressure Physics. Get Instant Results on Nation.com.
Search for Online Physics Course. Browse & Discover Better Results!
Pressure (symbol: p or P) is the force applied perpendicular to the surface of an object per unit area over which that force is distributed. Gauge pressure (also spelled gage pressure) is the pressure relative to the ambient pressure. Various units are used to express pressure.
Pressure is kind of like force, but not quite. If you're seeing this message, it means we're having trouble loading external resources on our website. If you're behind a web filter, please make sure that the domains *.kastatic.org and *.kasandbox.org are unblocked.
Atmospheric pressure, often noted as p a, is the pressure of the Earth's atmosphere. When you are standing outside in the air, the atmospheric pressure is the average force of all of the air above and around you pushing in on your body.
Pressure, in the physical sciences, the perpendicular force per unit area, or the stress at a point within a confined fluid.The pressure exerted on a floor by a 42-pound box the bottom of which has an area of 84 square inches is equal to the force divided by the area over which it is exerted; i.e., it is one-half pound per square inch.
In general, pressure is a measure of the force exerted per unit area on the boundaries of a substance. In fluid dynamics and aerodynamics, stagnation pressure (or pitot pressure or total pressure) is the static pressure at a stagnation point in a fluid

########
Rank: 15
Score: 33.747646
Retrieved Text: The conversion factor (≈ 3.33564×10−10) is equal to 10 divided by the numerical value of the speed of light, c, expressed in cm/s.
In the electrostatic cgs system, electrical charge is a fundamental quantity defined via the electrostatic force (see below); in the SI system, electrical current is fundamental and defined via the electromagnetic force while electrical charge is a derived quantity. The electrostatic system derives the electric charge from Coulomb's law and takes the permittivity as a dimensionless quantity whose value in a vacuum is 1/(4π). Also the use of the permeability of vacuum, , is avoided, having the consequence that the speed of light appears explicitly in some of the equations interrelating quantities in this system.
Note that in order for the Coulomb's law formula to work using the electrostatic cgs system, the dimension of electrical charge must be [mass]1/2 [length]3/2 [time]-1. This is different from the dimension of coulombs which accounts for the fact that the factor k mentioned below is not dimensionless.
In SI units, the electrostatic constant (where is the permittivity of vacuum) has to be used. Several other laws of electromagnetism also become easier when all quantities are expressed in electrostatic cgs units; this is the main reason that the cgs system of units is still in use in physics and electrical engineering. The main drawback of this approach is that two other sets of cgs units and equations are defined, the electromagnetic and symmetrical systems (the latter system mixes the first two). The equations in all three systems are usually written in

########
Rank: 16
Score: 33.613625
Retrieved Text: Converts area, density, energy, force, length, mass, power, pressure, speed, temperature and volume, Category Science Reference Units of Measurement Online CalculatorsThe WWW unit converter Online conversion of area, density, energy, force,length, mass, power, pressure, speed, temperature, volume and bytes.
Convert Units between English and SI systems using java applet. Welcome to the The unit converter page, part of the Utility Applet Library of TEST, The Expert System for Thermodynamics.
unit converter. Well it works, but it could be better. Enter a number, selecta unit and see what possible other units your number can be expressed in.
The unit converter TEST Home Page , Utility Applets , The unit converter .
The Simplest Daemon An Engineering unit converterHOME. Daemons. Basics. Converter.
Thanks a lot. Keith Cotter If you need to convert units of measurementon a regular basis, you'll be pleased with unit converter. ZDNet.
Value unit converter Tool For Converting from Value Units to MSUs orMSUs to Value Units! Overview of the Value unit converter Tool.
Value unit converter Tool For Converting from Value Units to MSUs orMSUs to Value Units! Value unit converter License and Download.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 33.554745
Retrieved Text: Branching out to different areas of entertainment will build your vocabulary and challenge your memory and comprehension. Take a Class First, decide whether you want to enroll in an English class. You should try to write, read and speak in English as much as possible every day and on top of that have some fun with mobile applications that help you with your grammar, idioms, pronunciations, phrases etc. Surround yourself with people who will empower you and help you improve. It can be beneficial to choose topics in which you are especially interested, which not only will increase your motivation to read, you also will be more familiar with the subject and might be able to understand the material better. Thus you have to be patient and persistent.
We spend lots of time on these things because they are fun and addictive. Choose a topic, set a timer for two or three minutes and just talk. Try to sound just like the native speakers on the show. Keep practicing by reading out loud, having conversations and listening well to where others place stress when they speak. Some newspapers use more complex language than others, so choose the right one for you. Dissect Writing That You Admire Most people read the same blogs or sites on a regular basis because the material appeals to them — but fewer people understand why their favorite blogs are so appealing. You can find apps like , where you can listen to current news and popular online articles.
For a list of podcasts

########
Rank: 18
Score: 33.538914
Retrieved Text: Quickly convert grams-force/square meter into ounces-force/square yard (grams per (square meter) to ounces per (square yard)) using the online calculator for metric conversions and more.
Quickly convert ounces-force/square yard into grams-force/square meter (ounces per (square yard) to grams per (square meter)) using the online calculator for metric conversions and more.
2018-12-31 · Rent Per Square Foot Definition. Learning how to calculate rent per square foot is super easy with our free online rent per square foot calculator.
2009-9-7 · Use the following calculator to convert between watts/square meter/K and Btus (th)/hour/square foot/°F.If you need to convert watts/square meter/K to other units, please try our universal Heat Transfer Coefficient Unit Converter.
2017-2-12 · Converison of pressure or stress units Definition: pressure = force per area; p = F/A; F = force, A = area, p = pressure The SI unit of the pressure is the pascal with the formula sign Pa.
2018-7-31 · Downloaded by millions of users worldwide! CalConvert is the most useful calculator and unit converter on the App Store! Classic design with large and clear buttons makes it perfect for all ages.
Circle area calculator provide you with a simple way of determining the square footage area for various shapes. Useful for Construction projects, stone workers, home owners, students, and real estate.
Pressure is a measure of the force against a surface. Pressure is usually expressed as a force per unit area. Here is a handy conversion calculator for some common pressure terms. The definitions of each term are in the following section.
Compute atmospheric and aerodynamic properties using the 1976 US Standard Atmosphere.
2019-1-2 · Sunlight is a portion of the electromagnetic

########
Rank: 19
Score: 33.51103
Retrieved Text: Now that we know the sounds, here are some basic rules about how words are pronounced, in terms of rhythm.
The latter part of this chapter may be somewhat confusing at this stage, and will best be used as an explanatory guide to refer to when one needs help understanding accent markings, shifts in word stress and vowel deletions.
Accents on the words signify emphasis. Strong syllables are pronounced louder, weak syllables are softer. One lingers on the long vowels, compared to short vowels. The rhythm stops with vowels that are form a syllable ending in (h) and such syllables are naturally stressed but the pause to sets them apart from the corresponding long vowel, for example (ih) vs (ii).
Ultra short syllables exist where the vowel is either omitted or written as ă, ĕ, or ŭ. Some syllables with ultra short vowels form a cluster with another sound, for example (nu) + (t) => (nd) or (ku) + (t) => (kt).
Some syllables seem to disappear but influence the word even though they seem non-existent. For example (ku) + (k) => (k) but this ‘double k’ which is not pronounced or written, influences stress assignments under certain circumstances, explained below.
English has tonic accents and also puts rhythm into words and phrases. For example ‘Ta da’ would be written using the Delaware writing system as: (Tă dáh).
Some English words can take an accent in varying places such as the word minute (as in time) and minute (as in size), or I want to record a record. The change in accent

########
Rank: 20
Score: 33.46726
Retrieved Text: gravitation and we will see how it applies to gravitation on earth.
on the units of force that will be used throughout this course.
the two masses m1 and m2, divided by the distance between the two bodies to the square.
Constant G is called the universal gravitation constant.
divided by kilogram and seconds to the square.
the force that the Sun exerts on the Earth.
this case, which is closer to us.
and a smaller mass m2, which is the mass of a person standing on the Earth.
is also true, that it acts vertically, downwards.
the ground, we have to see that this force acts up to the center of the Earth.
Then, what is the value of this force if we consider a person of mass m1 ?
divided by the distance between both centers of gravity.
meter, maximum one point two meters, is not going to change very much.
r is the Earth's radius, multiplied by the mass m1 which is variable.
acts on the man by g times m1.
we will call the Newton, with N as symbol.
corresponding to a mass of one hundred grams. It is a rather small value.
of one hundred tons, this is the weight of a big locomotive.
we expressed the bases of gravitation on Earth.
g is approximately equal to ten meters per second squared.
in Newton, respectively in kiloNewton and megaNewton.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 33.291157
Retrieved Text: The seven SI base units and the interdependency of their definitions: for example, to extract the definition of the metre from the speed of light, the definition of the second must be known while the ampere and candela are both dependent on the definition of energy which in turn is defined in terms of length, mass and time.
The International System of Units (SI = Systeme Internationale) defines seven units of measure as a basic set from which all other SI units can be derived. The SI base units and their physical quantities are the metre for measurement of length, the kilogram for mass, the second for time, the ampere for electric current, the kelvin for temperature, the candela for luminous intensity, and the mole for amount of substance.
The SI base units form a set of mutually independent dimensions as required by dimensional analysis commonly employed in science and technology.
The names and symbols of SI base units are written in lowercase, except the symbols of those named after a person, which are written with an initial capital letter. For example, the metre (US English: meter) has the symbol m, but the kelvin has symbol K, because it is named after Lord Kelvin and the ampere with symbol A is named after André-Marie Ampère.
Several other units, such as the litre (US English: liter), are formally not part of the SI, but are accepted for use with SI.
metre m length "The metre is the length of the path travelled by light in vacuum during a time interval of 1

########
Rank: 22
Score: 33.060303
Retrieved Text: PhD candidate Matt Tyler and graduate student Sarah Babinski presented research they have been conducting on indigenous languages of North America at the Workshop on the Structure and Constituency of the Languages of the Americas (WSCLA). Additionally, Sarah gave a talk at the Workshop on American Indigenous Languages (WAIL).
Matt spoke about Choctaw, a Native American language primarily spoken in Mississippi and Oklahoma. To study this language, Matt has taken several trips to Mississippi, where he interviewed native speakers to gain a better understanding of the language’s grammar and culture. From his field work, Matt has written on a variety of topics in Choctaw syntax and prosody. In his Friday morning talk at WSCLA, Matt described two kinds of possessor raising, a grammatical construction in which a sentence with a possessed subject is turned into one where the possessor is the subject. For example, instead of Mary’s dog died, in Choctaw it is possible to construct a possessor-raised sentence resembling Mary is such that her dog died. While possessor raising in Choctaw has been studied in the past, Matt’s talk showed that the language actually has two different kinds of possessor raising: thematic and athematic. In addition to using different kinds of word and sentence structure, sentences with thematic and athematic possessor raising have different nuances in meaning. Despite these differences, however, the distinction between the two kinds of possessor raising have gone unnoticed in the past because sentences with the two constructions can often sound very similar to one another. As an example, compare the following

########
Rank: 23
Score: 32.969135
Retrieved Text: The pound per square inch or, more accurately, pound-force per square inch (symbol: lbf/in2; abbreviation: psi) is a unit of pressure or of stress based on avoirdupois units. It is the pressure resulting from a force of one pound-force applied to an area of one square inch. In SI units, 1 psi is approximately equal to 6895 N/m2.
Pounds per square inch absolute (psia) is used to make it clear that the pressure is relative to a vacuum rather than the ambient atmospheric pressure. Since atmospheric pressure at sea level is around 14.7 psi, this will be added to any pressure reading made in air at sea level. The converse is pounds per square inch gauge (psig), indicating that the pressure is relative to atmospheric pressure. For example, a bicycle tire pumped up to 65 psig in a local atmospheric pressure at sea level (14.7 psia) will have a pressure of 79.7 psia (14.7 psi + 65 psi). When gauge pressure is referenced to something other than ambient atmospheric pressure, then the units would be pounds per square inch differential (psid).
The kilopound per square inch (ksi) is a scaled unit derived from psi, equivalent to a thousand psi (1000 lbf/in2).
ksi are not widely used for gas pressures. They are mostly used in materials science, where the tensile strength of a material is measured as a large number of psi.
The conversion in SI Units is 1 ksi = 6.895 MPa, or 1 MPa = 0.145 ksi.
The megapound per square inch (Mpsi) is another multiple equal to a million

########
Rank: 24
Score: 32.800774
Retrieved Text: Remind ss what they talked about in the previous session. Get them to remember reporting verbs they covered in the previous session.
TT tells ss to work in pairs. They are supposed to look at the two-syllable reporting verbs in the list. All of them except four are stressed on the second syllable. Circle the four exceptions. Demo the exercise so ss will know what to do. When they finish, put them in groups and let them check their answers. Ask ss for feedback. Stress the four exceptions - offer, order, promise and threaten. Highlight the difference between the /s/ sound in convince, persuade, promise, and suggest, and the /z/ sound in accuse, advise, and refuse.
Ask ss what is the past tense of these verbs - regret > regretted, admit > admitted; offer > offered, threaten > threatened. Write them on the wb. Ask ss if they notice the difference in spelling. Explain that if a two-syllable verb ends in consonant, vowel, consonant, and is stressed on the second syllable, the final consonant is doubled before an -ed ending.
Tell ss to do the exercise. They are supposed to complete sentences with the correct reporting verb in past tense. Work in pairs. Check answers in groups. Give them answer key.
Explain Ss that they are a criminal group that tried to rob a bank, but the police arrested them. They are at the police station and the police are supposed to interview them. Each student gets one card where it says what are they going to talk about. Walk

########
Rank: 25
Score: 32.454273
Retrieved Text: You've heard it a lot of times, and you have experienced it too: it isn't too easy to get stress right in Russian. Unless you are a native speaker, or you have the chance of using spoken Russian frequently (and even if this is the case), word stress is something you have to work on. There is no such thing as predictable stress, so you have to learn which syllable is stressed along with each word you learn. Hopefully, this should happen naturally, that is: you should hear the word before reading it, and be presented with it's meaning too, instead of having to look it up in the dictionary, since using the dictionary repeatedly just isn't a nice thing to do while you are learning a language.
However, many don't have the luck of being helped by a fluent speaker. Maybe you are one of them, but you still want to pronounce words correctly when you read them. Maybe you do have the help of fluent speakers, but still can't get used to things such as shifting stress.
I have built this page in order to share some useful material and knowledge regarding stress in Russian. I hope it helps you understand stress in nouns, adjectives and verbs: what you will find, which patterns there are, what you should care about. I hope this site will help you pronounce Russian confidently.
Finally, be warned: I make no claim of the accuracy of the information above. I'm not a college student or a scholar, I simply learn Russian for

########
Rank: 26
Score: 32.413536
Retrieved Text: This JSR specifies Java packages for modeling and working with standard measures known as units.
Samsung Electronics Corporation Senior, Chris Sutherland, Dean F.
The following has been updated from the original proposal.
We plan to release RI and TCK under a BSD-like license. It should be available for no-fee and without requirement for registration.
The Specification Lead was changed from CapTech Ventures to Werner Keil and Jean-Marie Dautelle.
?	Concrete classes implementing the standard types of units (such as base, supplementary, and derived) and unit conversions.
?	Classes for parsing unit specifications in string form and for formatting string representations of quantities.
?	A database of predefined units.
The packages are primarily targeted at J2SE (desktop and server platforms), although personal or embedded systems might wish to use the packages. This JSR should have few dependencies outside the java.lang, java.util, and java.text packages.
(The JCP has two Executive Committees (EC)-Standard/Enterprise & Micro Edition.) Our primary aim is to provide javax.units as part of J2SE, so it is probably most appropriate for the Standard/Enterprise committee to vote on this JSR.
Java developers who work with physical quantities (such as developers in the scientific, engineering, medical, and manufacturing domains) need to be able to handle measurements of these quantities in their programs. Inadequate models of physical measurements can lead to significant programmatic errors. In particular, the practice of modeling a measure as a simple number with no regard to the units it represents creates fragile code. Another developer or another part of the code may misinterpret the number as representing a different unit of measurement. For example, it may be unclear

########
Rank: 27
Score: 32.37491
Retrieved Text: A simple measure of the extent of fermentation that wort has undergone in the process of becoming beer. Using gravity units (GU), Balling (B), or Plato (P) units to express gravity, apparent attenuation is equal to the original gravity minus the final gravity divided by the original gravity. The result is expressed as a percentage and equals 65% to 80% for most beers.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 32.341103
Retrieved Text: Welcome to our Munsee alphabet page! The following charts show the pronunciation for the Munsee orthography we have used on our site, as well as some alternate spellings that you may find in other books and websites. You may also like to visit our Algonkian homepage to see how Munsee relates to other languages from the Algonkian family.
a u, à Like the a in what.
aa a Like the a in father.
e è ε Like the e in net.
ee e e Like the e sound in Spanish, similar to the a in Kate.
i ì I Like the i in hit.
ii i i Like the i in police.
o u, ù Like the u in put.
oo o o Like the o in note.
u ', ə, ŭ, ë ə ~ I Schwa sound like the e in roses. Sometimes when it is stressed it sounds more like the i in hit.
eew ew ew This sound doesn't exist in English. It sounds a little like saying the "AO" from "AOL" quickly.
iiw iw iw Like a child saying ew!
uw əw~ow This sound doesn't exist in English. It sounds like the English word "owe," only pronounced further front in the mouth. In recent years, surviving Munsee speakers have been shifting this sound backwards so that it sounds like the English word "owe."
uy ij ~ ij This sound doesn't exist in English; it is the same "dark i" sound that is written "ый" in Russian. In recent years, surviving Munsee speakers have been shifting this sound forwards so that it sounds like the long

########
Rank: 29
Score: 32.30112
Retrieved Text: A unit expressing the concentration of ozone in the Earth's atmosphere over a specified area. Symbol, DU. It is named for G. M. B. Dobson (1889 – 1976).
Imagine that all the ozone in a column reaching from an area on the Earth's surface to the top of the atmosphere were concentrated in a single layer of pure ozone at a temperature of 0°C and a pressure of 1 standard atmosphere. The thickness of that layer, measured in hundredths of a millimeter, would be the concentration of ozone expressed in Dobson Units.¹ One Dobson Unit is equivalent to about 2.69 × 10¹⁶ ozone molecules in a column with a cross section of 1 square centimeter.
The instrument that measures ozone concentrations in Dobson units is called the Dobson spectrophotometer. It works by measuring the intensity of sunlight at two wavelengths that are absorbed by ozone, and two that aren't.
The lowest ozone concentration measured before 1996 was 85 Dobson Units, measured by a Total Ozone Mapping Spectrometer on a Russian satellite over Antarctica in 1993. A balloon flown from the U.S. research station at the South Pole measured 90 Dobson Units on October 6, 1993.
NASA's Total Ozone Mapping Spectrometers (TOMS) and its successor, the Ozone Mapping Instrument (OMI) are satellite-borne spectrophotometers that measure ozone concentrations over most of the earth.
The Dobson unit is occasionally used to express concentrations of other atmospheric gases, such as methane.
1. G. M. B. Dobson.
Forty year's research on atmospheric ozone at Oxford.
Applied Optics, volume 7, pages 387–405 (1968).
Adjustment and calibration of ozone spectrophotometers.
Annals of the

================



======= Instance Index 338 =========
Input Text: The word "opinion" has multiple meanings. Does it have the same meaning in sentences 1 and 2? Yes or no?

Sentence 1: In my opinion, white chocolate is better than milk chocolate.
Sentence 2: I would like to know your opinions on the new systems.

Target Text: Yes

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 43.268562
Retrieved Text: Do you like, white, milk, dark, or no chocolate at all?
For me, it's either white and sugar free (usually Torras from Spain) - or extra dark, that's 85% cocoa or more (Lindt 90% is just right).
Milk or white. Preferably white. I think dark chocolate tastes too bitter.
Milk is my favorite. Used to be white, but not anymore. Dark CAN be good in some cases, like at just the right % or with mint.
70% dark is my favorite.
Don't care for white much, or dark over 85%.
Milk is cool, though I sometimes get low-quality milk that tastes bland somehow.
So yeah I'm not fussy! I like all the chocolate. All of it. Fancy chocolate is awesome, but I'll honestly eat cheap crappy chocolate too if someone offers me it. As for milk, white or dark, I love them all. Equally. They're all good in different ways!
I like bittersweet bakers chocolate. It is a guilty pleasure of me to buy a bar of baking chocolate under the guise of using it for real things, but then the second I get home it goes straight into my greedy little maw. I like all types of chocolates, but I do have a preference for dark.
I like most types of chocolate and originally my favorite was milk chocolate, but I love dark chocolate more. I prefer its richness.
I like the 80 - 99% extra, extra dark chocolate and often none because I do not have to have it.
BTW: I love to combine chocolate with chilli. After a workout I usually make an extra

########
Rank: 1
Score: 41.523994
Retrieved Text: It baffles me that some people consider milk chocolate to be superior to white or even dark chocolate. Dark chocolate is obviously at the top of the heap. Its rich, intense flavour is the culmination of what chocolate is and should be. Next is white chocolate. Yes, that’s right, white. It has a light creamy flavour that makes a nice counterpoint to the rich, earthy tone of dark chocolate. I honestly can’t see why some people don’t like it. However, I am not saying that milk chocolate is the worst. Good milk chocolate is lovely, but it does not have the great flavour of the extremes of white and dark. Bottom rank goes to American chocolate, which might call itself any of the above, but in my opinion doesn’t qualify because it lacks any real creaminess or richness, and it has so much sugar in it that it will make your teeth scream.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 39.864037
Retrieved Text: You've heard of caramelised white chocolate, right? It's been popping up all over the place since Food 52 posted about it a few weeks ago. I joined in and made Caramelised White Chocolate Éclairs filled with softly whipped cream. Just the memory of them makes me feel a bit weak at the knees.
One day when I was testing for the éclairs, I asked mum to get some extra chocolate from the shops. When she came back there was a bar of Frey Milk in amongst the selection, a sweet and creamy Swiss chocolate that she'd mistaken for a bar of white.
So, ever curious, I decided to see what happened if I applied the same process to milk chocolate.
For the first thirty minutes, nothing seemed to change. Then another flavour started to creep in, bit by bit. Once finished and cooled, it was quite different. It's not as big a change as with white, but I rather like it.
It's still sweeter and creamier than dark chocolate, but it's richer and more complex than usual. The difference is hard to describe - there's a touch of extra caramel, a bit of bitterness (even a touch of sourness in one of the chocolates I tried) and a roasted-coffee depth. The salt, as ever, heightens the flavours and takes the edge off the sweetness. Unlike white chocolate the colour doesn't change, though it does thicken a little. The flavour deepens as it cools.
Given all the talk about how you need to buy expensive, professional brands to make caramelised white chocolate

########
Rank: 3
Score: 39.749355
Retrieved Text: You no longer need to settle for smaller portions. Our 2 oz. Triple Chocolate Chunk VitaTops are more filling, nutritious & deliciously satisfying. Get the most out of every calorie. Hungry-Girl Approved, Triple Chocolate Chunk Kosher VitaTops contains real cocoa, milk chocolate chunks, chocolate chips, white chocolate chips, whole wheat & organic sugar. This flavor is available exclusively online.
WATER, WHOLE WHEAT FLOUR, CHOCOLATE DROPS (SUGAR, CHOCOLATE LIQUOR, COCOA BUTTER, DEXTROSE, SOY LECITHIN (AN EMULSIFIER), VANILLA), ORGANIC SUGAR, NATURAL CHICORY FIBER (INULIN), COCOA (PROCESSED WITH ALKALI), SOY FIBER, DRIED HONEY, WHEAT GLUTEN, WHITE CONFECTION DROPS, LECITHIN, DRIED EGG WHITE, LEAVENING (POTASSIUM BICARBONATE, SODIUM ACID PYROPHOSPHATE), TRICALCIUM PHOSPHATE, VITAMINS, NATURAL FLAVOR, XANTHAN GUM, SEA SALT, STEVIA EXTRACT.
I have been eating Vita Tops for a very long time! I think that says it all. Love them delicious!
This is very similar to my review of the Deep Chocolate Vitatops. I started getting those when I was needed to add fiber to my diet. They were great. When I decided to subscribe, I tried the Triple Chocolate Chunk and they are, in my opinion, even better. I have one for breakfast every day & usually one for a snack. With them I get enough chocolate each day that I can ignore the candy bars calling out to me when I'm in the store.
I would make one correction to the instructions on the boxes for both chocolate ones. They should read "Microwave for approximately 27 seconds." You end up with a rich, gooey, moist chocolate cake.
Very tasty chocolate muffin top for so

########
Rank: 4
Score: 39.679493
Retrieved Text: Chai Spiced White Hot Chocolate is a sweet yet delicate blend of frothy milk, white chocolate and Indian spices. It is indulgent and warming and makes the perfect drink now the chillier days of Autumn are emerging.
When I was growing up I’d occasionally end up on a day trip, just me and my Mum, to our nearest city (Nottingham) for a bit of shopping. Back then, there was not a Starbucks or a Costa on every street corner. Instead there were independent cafes, even in some of the department stores. It was bliss, even if I didn’t realise it at the time. If I was lucky (which was 99.9% of the time) we would have time to stop off for a drink. And you’ve guessed it, I had a favourite place to go based on the quality of hot chocolate I could slurp there. It came topped with whipped cream, a dusting of cocoa powder and a chocolate flake. It was my childhood self’s dream come true.
Perhaps it’s due to these trips with my mother, that I’ve always had a nostalgic affection for hot chocolate. It makes me feel better if I’m down and positively buzzing if I’m already happy.
Since I’ve got older, I have turned into a bit of a hot chocolate snob though and rarely drink it away from home for fear that the quality will not live up to my expectations. Quite simply, I like to be in charge of the ingredients that go into my chocolate.
Despite my snobbery, my fond memories of

########
Rank: 5
Score: 39.493908
Retrieved Text: Peppermint bark is one of my favorite winter treats. But buying premade bark is super expensive! Williams & Sonoma sells it for $40 for a tiny tin box. This year, I decided to make my own. Not only was it easy, it tasted better AND only cost me $7 for a hugggge batch!
To make your own, you will need a package of Ghirardelli milk chocolate chips, Ghirardelli white chocolage chips and either crushed candy canes or crushed peppermint candies. Literally all you have to do is melt the milk chocolate chips and spread them on a cookie sheet. I used parchment paper for easier clean up. Stick it in the fridge, while you wait for it to harden, beat the crap out of your candy canes! After your candy canes are crushed – melt the white chocolate chips. Then pour the white chocolate chips evenly on the already spread milk chocolate. And spread evenly! Sprinkle crushed candy canes over the white chocolate and then place back in refrigerator until hardened!
Line a 9 x 13 cookie sheet with parchment paper.
Microwave milk chocolates in the microwave for 30 seconds, stir well. Microwave again for 30 seconds at a time until chocolate is completely melted.
Pour milk chocolate on parchment paper, spread evenly.
Microwave white chocolates in the microwave for 30 seconds, stir well. Microwave again for 30 seconds at a time until chocolate is completely melted.
Pour white chocolate on top of milk chocolate, spread evenly.
Sprinkle crushed candy canes over the white chocolate.
Place back in refrigerator until hardened.
Once bars is completely

########
Rank: 6
Score: 39.36798
Retrieved Text: The Swiss are known for their excellence in the art of making fine chocolates. Chocolat Frey has been creating luscious confections since 1887, and now they are coming to the United States.
Chocolat Frey is the number 1 chocolate brand in Switzerland. Founded by brothers, Robert and Max Frey in 1887, for more than 125 years, Chocolat Frey has consistently produced quality chocolate. Being a company that values sustainability, Chocolat Frey® is UTZ certified. They practice environmentally positive methods that support sustainable farming. This, in turn, helps the farmers and their families by providing better opportunities. Chocolat Frey has honed their processes, so that their customers are assured that their purchases will be the best of the best.
This Spring/Easter Season, give the gift of great chocolates to those you love. Start out with some adorable bunnies. Meet Sunny, Funny and Luck!
Meet Lucky, Sunny and Funny, the Chocolat Frey Bunnies.
Chocolat Frey chocolates are absolutely delicious. My family scarfed it up almost as fast as I unpacked my box of goodness. It’s smooth, creamy and filled with flavor. I find that I can eat smaller portions and be more satisfied, than I am with larger portions of the typical “over the counter” chocolates, that are on the shelves at this time of year.
Chocolat Frey chocolates will be available in a number of varieties from minis to a large boxed assortment.
Chocolat Bunnies – These cheerful shiny bunnies will be a hit with EVERYONE!
Doesn’t this plate full of goodness just make your mouth water!
Connect with Chocolat Frey North America on Facebook,

########
Rank: 7
Score: 39.241005
Retrieved Text: Chocolate is great paired with so many things: cherries, strawberries, raspberries, bananas, caramel… Not to mention the fantastic flavor one gets by combining white chocolate and citrus flavors. But I had never tried one of the most talked about pairings: chocolate and peanut butter.
I used to eat peanut butter spread on thick slices of bread as a kid but hadn’t tried it again in 20 years. Eating a spoonful of it took me back in time… It was a funny/good feeling.
I’d been meaning to try my hand at baking with peanut butter for a while (that’s why I did not eat the entire jar) and these cookies seemed the perfect way to start.
So, it’s true that chocolate and peanut butter belong together – like Aragorn and Arwen.
This recipe is a courtesy of the lovely and talented Lynn – I was out of milk chocolate chips and used white chocolate instead; even though I really liked the cookies, I think they would have been even better with milk chocolate, like Lynn’s.
Arrange racks in oven to divide it into thirds. Preheat oven to 150ºC/300ºF. In a double boiler, melt the semisweet chocolate over hot, not simmering, water. Set aside to cool to about room temperature.
In a mixing bowl cream the butter and the peanut butter*. Add the sugars and beat until creamy and smooth. Add the eggs and vanilla, and beat until just combined. Add the flour mixture and the milk chocolate chips, and beat until no streaks of flour are visible.
Pour the melted chocolate over the dough

########
Rank: 8
Score: 39.22447
Retrieved Text: Is it too good to be true? Not really. There is a type of chocolate that actually provides healthy support for the cardiovascular system, which helps to promote healthy weight loss. It seems the biggest debate is dark chocolate versus milk chocolate. The result is the darker the chocolate, the better it is for your health. This is because there are more flavonoids, or antioxidants, in dark chocolate. The darker the chocolate, the healthier it is. Dark chocolate contains four times as many flavonoids than milk chocolate (3). The milk found in milk chocolate inhibits the absorption of flavonoids in the intestines. White chocolate falls in the same milk chocolate category when it comes to healthy benefits. Chocolate found in candy bars contain refined sugar, corn syrup, additives, milk products, and chemical flavorings. White chocolate doesn't contain any flavonoids (3). An encouraging 18-weeek study showed that all participants who ate dark chocolate showed visible blood pressure reduction (2)!
It's believed the cocoa polyphenols in dark chocolate are responsible for increased circulation in S-nitrosogluathione, a vasodilator chemical, that is responsible in widening the blood vessels to increase blood flow. Dark chocolate is also shown to lower high blood pressure when eaten on a daily basis for 18 weeks (2). The flavonoids, or antioxidants, found in cocoa is the same flavonoids and antioxidants found in bran, green tea, fruits, and vegetables. You should think about the source of your antioxidants. True, dark chocolate may be tastier, but the other choices offer the same amount of antioxidants without extra calories.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 38.943336
Retrieved Text: Nothing tastes better than a classic cocktail, mixed with high quality chocolate to form the perfect truffle.
Christmas collection of solid shapes in white, milk and dark choclate.
Tangerine milk chocolate cocoa podsA tasty bite of solid tangerine flavoured milk chocolate.
The fondant collection is inspired by gorgeous soft berry tastes and zingy, fragrant flavours.
We have a range of seasonal lollies as well as milk chocolate with mini-marshmallow and popping candy and white chocolate hearts with tutti-frutti fudge and sugar hearts.
Relax and enjoy the perfect balance of antioxidant-packed superfood berries dipped in indulgent, velvety chocolate.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 38.935646
Retrieved Text: With Easter around the corner, I thought I would share my recipe for White Chocolate Cupcakes, topped with a decadent black chocolate frosting. These Easter cupcakes are a great interplay between sweet white chocolate and rich dark chocolate.
What I love about these White Chocolate Cupcakes, is how moist they are! The crumb is tender and buttery, and the white chocolate imparts a nice caramel flavour. You can top these cupcakes with whatever buttercream flavour you want. However, I chose to go with a chocolate buttercream to play around with the yin and yang aspect of flavours!
The best part of these cupcakes is that the recipe makes enough for two people. Or four. Or one… you know… if you want all 4 cupcakes to yourself. I won’t judge.
In any case, these White Chocolate Cupcakes are so so easy to make, that they will be your go-to recipe even after Easter!
WHITE CHOCOLATE CUPCAKES > VANILLA?
This may be an unpopular opinion, but I think I like my white chocolate cupcakes more than I like regular vanilla ones. That is because I find the flavour to be more decadent and sweet without being too overpowering. However, like with all my other cupcakes, these babies are super moist and tender.
When it comes to cupcakes, I am not going to settle for anything less than a nice buttery crumb. You can fight me on this, but if you don’t like cupcakes with a buttery crumb we need to talk.
Finally, this cupcake recipe yields 4 cupcakes, making this the perfect go-to recipe for

########
Rank: 11
Score: 38.696186
Retrieved Text: Send a sweet selection of chocolate bars and squares in white, milk and dark including everything from pure chocolate, to bars with nuts, dried fruits and more.
For the purists in your life, there are few better gifts than solid chocolate bars or bite-sized chocolate squares. With options for white, milk, and dark chocolate decadence, there's no need to mess with perfection. Of course, there are definitely people who love the added zest of fruit or the pleasing crunch of nuts, and Simply Chocolate has options to accommodate every chocolate craving.
Anyone who has an insatiable sweet tooth will love the pure taste jubilation of white chocolate bars and the single-bite simplicity of white chocolate squares. When nothing will do but a creamy delight that delivers a whopping dose of sweetness, reach for the white chocolate offerings from Simply Chocolate.
This classic of confectionary excellence is hard to beat, thanks to the rich and creamy pairing of sugar and cocoa. Whether you like your sweets studded with flavorful fruit and salty nuts or you prefer the minimalist approach, you can find the perfect milk chocolate delights from Simply Chocolate.
If you're seeking chocolate so sinfully delicious that you have to close the blinds and eat it by candlelight, look no further than the array of dark chocolate bars and squares offered by Simply Chocolate.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 38.67082
Retrieved Text: This recipe for creamy Slow Cooker Snowflake White Hot Chocolate requires only four ingredients and is perfect for your holiday parties or a cold winter day! Throw it all in the crock pot and let it warm!
I am over here counting down the days until Christmas in typical 5-year-old fashion. It is coming up so quickly…as in NEXT week! I’m here to help you with your holiday parties menus, because it’s what I do. Ready for the best crock pot hot chocolate of your life?
Put down those instant hot chocolate packets because all it takes to make this white hot chocolate is throwing four ingredients into your slow cooker and DONE! It will be the best decision you will make all winter. If you haven’t been putting your slow cooker to good use so far this season, you’ve been seriously missing out on the glory of this essentially magical cooking machine. All you have to do is dump the ingredients into it, give it a quick stir, and you’re on your way to white chocolate heaven. This is the creamiest, thickest, richest, richest (I said that word twice for a reason) and most luxurious white hot chocolate out there. I mean, is there anything better than sipping melted chocolate out of a mug or glass? This recipes gives you a good excuse to do just that.
I’m that weird person who drinks cold coffee beverages all winter long because I claim to hate drinking hot drinks. Um, not the case here. This white hot chocolate that’s loaded

########
Rank: 13
Score: 38.593094
Retrieved Text: Chocolate is synonymous with romance, which seems fitting since Valentine's Day is less than a week away. There are so many varieties on the market to suit every taste, from creamy milk chocolate bars to white chocolate-covered pretzels to rich dark chocolate truffles. The latter is my personal preference, and I'll be dropping hints to my sweetheart for one of the craft chocolate bars from Mast Brothers. If you prefer to go the homemade route, check out the video below for an easy, no-bake chocolate idea. What better way to celebrate someone you love that with heart-shaped chocolate treats?

########
Rank: 14
Score: 38.25309
Retrieved Text: Semi-solid molded milk chocolate rose covered in white Italian foil, nestled in a graceful 14 inch stem with silk leaves. Better than the real thing, a double whammy! These creamy milk chocolate roses entice not only the heart but the tummy too!
Box contains 12 White Foil-Wrapped Milk Chocolate Long Stem Roses.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 38.237434
Retrieved Text: “Stop! Move away from the cookie jar!” Everytime some one opens me, I say this. Every. Single. Time. Its so ANNOYING! I wish there was something else I could say, Like “here have a cookie” or “today’s a good day for cookies and milk!” “Move away from the cookie jar” just sounds forbidding. Cookies shouldn’t be like that. They should be treats! Feeling guilty having a cookie is no fun. I know contrary to popular opinion, my favorite food is not a donut. I actually hate donuts. Cookies are my favorite! Some might say I could be a cookie monster!
There are so many kids of cookies, chocolate chip, peanut butter, S’mores, M&M, double chocolate chip, white chocolate macadamia, snickerdoodle, mint chocolate chip, Oreo’s, the list is endless! And cookies go great with really any drink! Water, milk, coffee, hot chocolate are all yummy with a cookie! Because I say “Stop! Move away from the cookie jar,” I don’t want to seem mean. And yes, unfortunately, you have to eat more nutritious things than cookies, but that shouldn’t stop you from enjoying one anyway!I really say that so I can make my owner happy. For some reason it gives her a chuckle. But once you say that over and over and over again it gets old really quick. But I shouldn’t be the one to decide if you get a cookie or not, you should (or your parents) Cookies are the bomb! So enjoy a nice tall glass of cold milk and a nice warm gooey, chocolate

########
Rank: 16
Score: 38.188354
Retrieved Text: What’s the difference between ‘real’ and ‘coating’ chocolate?
‘Real’ chocolate is made using sugar and two ingredients obtained from the cocoa bean (cocoa mass and cocoa butter) as well as sugar for dark chocolate, but sugar and milk powder for milk chocolate.
White chocolate is made from cocoa butter (usually up to 50% of the cocoa bean), milk powder and sugar.
In ‘coating’ chocolate, the cocoa butter is replaced by vegetable oils and cocoa powder is used instead of cocoa mass.
Real chocolate has a better taste and mouth feel than most coating chocolates.
However, if made with quality ingredients and the right type of equipment is used, coating chocolate can be a very nice product. Coating chocolate certainly has technical advantages for a number of applications, particularly in warm countries because it has a better resistance to heat.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 38.156017
Retrieved Text: Reconstituted Skimmed Milk, Belgian White Chocolate Coating (31%) (Sugar, Cocoa Butter, Dried Skimmed Milk, Anhydrous Milk Fat, Coconut Oil, Emulsifiers: Soya Lecithins, Polyglycerol Polyricinoleate; Flavouring), Raspberry Sauce (11%) (Sugar, Raspberry Juice from Concentrate, Water, Modified Corn Starch, Thickener: Pectins; Acidity Regulator: Citric Acid; Flavouring, Black Carrot Juice Concentrate, Colour: Anthocyanins), Sugar, Reconstituted Peach Purée (5%), Coconut Oil, Glucose Syrup, Vegetarian Whey Powder (Milk), Dried Skimmed Milk, Freeze Dried Raspberry Pieces, Emulsifier: Mono- and Diglycerides of Fatty Acids; Stabilisers: Locust Bean Gum, Guar Gum; Acidity Regulator: Citric Acid; Colours: Annatto, Carotenes; Flavouring.
Peach flavoured ice cream lollies with a raspberry sauce swirl, and a Belgian white chocolate coating with freeze dried raspberry pieces.
These are delish. Better than any of the more expensive Magnums. Lovely white chocolate with dried peach bits and so tasty peach Melba ice cream. Love them!
The peach flavour perfectly blends in with the smooth white chocolate. A real treat at a very affordable price and SO much better than the cheap jack Walls Magnums.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 38.111652
Retrieved Text: Another treasure from Rainer and Oliver of Premier Food and Beverages is the pan-poured Momami Creation ‘Frisch geschopfte confiserie chocolade.’ My understanding is that it is milk chocolate with cranberries.
Back to Momami. Their website is in German, so when you activate the translate button it can be rather amusing to see a few slightly jumbled up descriptions. It is thankfully possible to find out that their milk chocolate contains a minimum 34% cocoa solids and eight percent of cranberries.
As you can see, this ‘cow pat’ is rather pretty actually, with a generous handful of cranberries thrown in which makes it seem as though they make up considerably more than the relatively measly eight percent stated on the ingredients panel in my opinion.
On first taste, the milk chocolate is very nice. It is creamily smooth and sweet, and eventually I started chewing more intently to release a cranberry or two. Erk – the bitter tang of the cranberries rather forcefully cut through the pleasant chocolately start with a jarring, discordant note for a few seconds before eventually easing off and blending in a bit better with the chocolate. It was like eating a sour orange – doable but not entirely desirable.
I like the idea of what they’ve done here but I’m just not sure that the two flavours are a completely successful pairing. This could be a much better match if the cranberries were combined with a dark chocolate.
However, the Momami website mentions a few other fillings that are also available in their hand-poured milk chocolate and

########
Rank: 19
Score: 37.98202
Retrieved Text: Peter's Ultra Milk Chocolate Block - 10 lbs.
Peter's ultra milk chocolate has always exhibited the distinct flavor characteristics of the original Swiss inventors, Daniel Peter and Henri Nestle. Also, the ultra milk chocolate bar is one of the lightest milk chocolate bars with a very distinct flavor resulting from unique flavor beans.
***We cannot guaranty that any chocolate bar will arrive unbroken.
As the creator of milk chocolate, Peter's has over 130 years experience in developing and processing the very finest milk, dark and white chocolates. Peter's pride themselves in providing unsurpassed quality, consistency and feel confident that their customers would proudly reinforce Peter's commitment to being...the finest.
Peter's Chocolate is recognized throughout the United States as the long-standing premier manufacturer of truly superior quality chocolate ingredients.
This carmel is amazing! It has great flavor and easy to use in holiday treats.
These are the best ever! So much better than the Smarties. Just enough sour to really enjoy every bite and they are much softer to eat too. Best of all..they are made in the good ole USA!
Guittard Gourmet White Chocolate is by far the best white chocotale I have ever used. The cocoa percentage is perfect for making modeling chocolate giving it a wonderful rich flavor and creamy techture.
The rootbeer this syrup makes is the rave of every party I bring it to. "The best Rootbeer I've ever tasted!" "You made this?!?"
Best seasoning in the world! Love this stuff! I’m going to start ordering it by the case!
I've purchased these for 2 years now, and they have consistently great

########
Rank: 20
Score: 37.980698
Retrieved Text: The funny thing is, this holiday bar from Hammond's Candies wasn't much less expensive than the Theo bar I looked at a couple days ago; in fact, if you counter in size, they might be about the same--Hammond's is probably even more expensive (I'll let you do the math). But I've had some positive inclinations toward Hammond's before, and they do design their wrappers well. Instead of giving a huge Christmas spin to the Candy Cane Crunch's look, it's the same as with their other bars, just in a happy pink color. You see, it doesn't have to be hard to have seasonal offerings.
It wasn't until I unwrapped this bar that I realized this is my first time trying dark chocolate from Hammond's. Given the company's candy focus, it won't be surprising that I'm not thrilled by their dark variety. I mean, the milk chocolate wasn't completely thrilling, either, but I feel like it's easier for milk chocolate to fall under par than it is for dark chocolate: milk chocolate is allows to rely on sweetness, but dark chocolate is supposed to be more about the flavor of the chocolate itself. That's why milk chocolate lends itself better to the world of confections than dark chocolate does--and Hammond's, as far as I have seen, dwells in the world of confections. That's why they call themselves Hammond's Candies.
Two of the six squares were already broken when I unwrapped the bar; whether this was my fault or the stores, I don't know, but it didn't exactly make the

########
Rank: 21
Score: 37.84993
Retrieved Text: Home Healthy Food White, Milk or Dark: Which Is The Healthier Chocolate?
White, Milk or Dark: Which Is The Healthier Chocolate?
Chocolate is one of the most popular sweets in the world, consumed in many forms like ice cream, cake, doughnuts, candy bars, pies and bizarrely, as chocolate-covered sun-dried tomatoes and green tea chocolate.
There is, however, a big debate as to the health benefits of chocolate. Most people’s money is on the argument that chocolate is healthy when eaten moderately but some insist that there are some chocolates that are just not as healthy as others.
The debate now is dark chocolate vs milk chocolate vs white chocolate. Let us take a look at the nutritional content of each one.
Made from a combination of sugar, cocoa butter, cocoa solids and a little bit of milk, dark chocolate is slightly bitter and slightly sweet at the same time. Dark chocolate has few carbohydrates, has four times the fiber of milk chocolate and has high iron content. It has also been known for providing cardiovascular benefits for the inflammation and reduces the risk of contracting diabetes.
Unlike dark chocolate, milk chocolate has more dairy fat and milk and thus tends to be creamier and lighter. Milk chocolate has been proven to be good for your brain and your libido. While there has been a study (made over 12 years involving 21,000 people) that milk chocolate can be as healthy as dark chocolate, which does not erase the fact that milk chocolate has more saturated fat, sugar and cholesterol than its less sweet

########
Rank: 22
Score: 37.814342
Retrieved Text: Here is a twist on the common hot chocolate for the coldest days: a matcha white hot chocolate recipe! You will only need four ingredients to make this recipe: white chocolate chips, milk, water and Bangoshi Matcha.
The sweetness of the white chocolate chips is the perfect balance to the bitterness of matcha. Even better: you can customize this recipe!
Indeed, you can use soy milk or almond milk instead of regular milk and the quantity of white chocolate chips can vary.
Here is a semi-sweet version of the hot chocolate but if you have a sweet tooth don’t be afraid to add more white chocolate chips!
In a pot, melt the white chocolate chips with the milk.
Bring the water to a boil and add the Bangoshi Matcha.
When the milk and white chocolate chips mix is hot, pour the water and matcha mix.
Stir well and pour into two cups.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 37.80186
Retrieved Text: Japanese Kit Kats are bloody good when you can find them. Even better is when generous friends bring us back a selection from Japan and the new Kit Kat Chocolatory in Ikebukuro, Tokyo.
What follows in this blog post is a chocolate binge. Not just any chocolate, but a selection from the variable range available across Tokyo and at the Kit Kat Chocolatory in the Seibu Departo in Ikebukuro,Tokyo.
Eleven types of Kit Kats, how can we ration these out? Just as well there's two bits to each for sharing.
Strawberry Cheesecake - one of the ones we left until last. While nothing like a real slice of Japanese cheese cakey, it will do nicely.
Rum and raisin flavour - the grapes have the word 'Tokyo' in the vine tendrils. A white milk chocolate without a strong flavour, but a pleasant sweet smell.
Cinnamon Cookie - one bite was wow for the cinnamon hit. A white milk chocolate base with crunchy bits.
Wasabi - the heat of the wasabi works so well with chocolate, like pepper and chilli they just go together.
Kyushu Strawberry - the white milk chocolate is a light pink, with a strong strawberry scent.
Hot Japanese Chilli - a dark chocolate bar with a noticeable chilli heat, it mostly appears as you finish off the bar.
Hojicha Roasted Tea - a subtle tea flavour in white chocolate, one of our new favourite flavours.
Purple Sweet Potato - glorious flavour, a purple bar of joy. We love sweet potato desserts and this one didn't let us down.
Citrus Gold Blend - more used to

########
Rank: 24
Score: 37.79306
Retrieved Text: My co-worker Dini M. found a new Equal Exchange bar that we had not tried before!
Like other Equal Exchange bars, this one had loads of information on the inside of its label. Included was the fact this bar had cacao from Peru, Ecuador, Panama and the Dominican Republic.
How was the chocolate itself? Delicious! It was very dark, darker than I expected for 71% cacao, and very creamy, in a way that usually only Lindt can manage with dark chocolate. The chocolate flavor was very rich and pronounced, and while there was no single origin note, there was a strong cocoa flavor. Everyone loved it and had seconds.
I was out of chocolate (gasp!) before the work week ended, and my co-worker Sydney W. saved the day with a dark chocolate truffle assortment!
There was a LOT of chocolate in this box. Each layer held about a dozen chocolates, and there were two layers. All of them were dark chocolate (as assortments should be!), but there was no guide, so we had to dive in and find out what they were. I got a peanut butter filled chocolate, and an almond cluster covered in chocolate, but other people got hazelnuts, caramels, ganache, and something that seemed like dense chocolate fluff. All of them were great!
Thanks Sydney! You saved the chocolate eating meeting!
I found these chocolate truffles at Trader Joe’s last weekend, on the new shelf.
Inside I found two layers of truffles (both layers had the same truffles).
All of the truffles looked good (except those white chocolate ones, yuck), but

########
Rank: 25
Score: 37.727264
Retrieved Text: Chocolate is one of the most popular sweets in America. I really like chocolate and I’ve never met anyone who didn’t like chocolate. That is, not until I met my husband. He does not like chocolate. He likes nothing that is chocolate–no chocolate ice cream, chocolate chip cookies, not even chocolate cake.
Do you have a favorite chocolate? There’s white chocolate, milk chocolate, dark chocolate, chocolate with raspberry, chocolate with nuts, and just an array of flavors and combinations of chocolate treats. One chocolate we can indulge in guilt free is dark chocolate. Because it is said dark chocolate offers health benefits.
Dark chocolate actually taste very good in my opinion. I’m guessing, because it taste good and has health benefits it’s a win win. Some of those health benefits are: 1) It’s nutritious; 2) Could improve brain functions; 3) Has powerful source of antioxidants; 4) May improve blood flow and lower blood pressure; 5) Raises HDL and protects LDL from oxidation; 6) May reduce heart disease risk; and 7) May protect your skin from the sun. These are benefits we could all use. So feel free to eat up on chocolate, dark chocolate specifically. Of course, I’m one to say, all things in moderation.
Next Next post: Baby Oh Baby!!!

########
Rank: 26
Score: 37.71699
Retrieved Text: If you want all the elegance of a bowl filled with pearls without actually incurring the exorbitant costs of such décor, then look no further than these pretty Sixlets! The mini milk chocolate balls shine with the iridescence of a thousand tiny pearls; but, better than the nacreous jewels, you’re actually encouraged to consume them! Each delicate milk chocolate sphere is coated in a thin candy shell of bright white, making every bite delightfully rich and crispy in a way to which no oyster or pearl could ever dare to compare.
Bag contains 2 pounds of White Sixlets Mini Milk Chocolate Balls Candy.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 37.696793
Retrieved Text: The worst thing ever. DiScuss.
Dark chocolate is the best chocolate.
It does taste like eating wax though. See also: white chocolate.
needs to melt in the mouth and not chewed at all. its only then you discover how nice it is!
Tesco's finest 72% Plain chocolate is BRILLIANT. so is the equivalent Lindt. and G&B.
worst thing ever?! No, but it tastes like death. Or at least how I imagine death tastes.
no other 'chocolate' counts, really.
bournville is a bit sweet, green and blacks is best. orange chocolate in any form, though particularly the white variety, is disgusting.
Dark chocolate is the BEST. Plus it's good for you.
don't take away the horrible taste in my mouth.
because the negligible amount of calcium - which is milk's main nutritional value - is outweighed by the increased fat content, and the fact that milk chocolate tends to have more sugar in.
but had some the other day and quite enjoyed it.
All chocolate is better than most things.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 37.65135
Retrieved Text: New for 2019 - introducing our Truffle Filled Easter Egg.
With a Belgian milk chocolate shell, this handmade chocolate egg half is filled with milk chocolate truffle and brownie biscuit crumbs and finished with a layer of milk chocolate topped with mini crispy pieces, milk and white chocolate rice balls and piped with white chocolate ganache.
The perfect Easter gift for parents, grandparents or the one you love, each chocolate egg is lovingly handmade from start to finish to ensure your grown-up Easter treat surpasses all your expectations.
Belgian Milk Chocolate-min 33.6% cocoa,20.8% milk solids, sugar, cocoa butter, whole milk powder, cocoa mass, emulsifier: soya lecithin, natural vanilla flavouring, vegetable fat (palm, sunflower, rapeseed) in varying proportions, skimmed milk powder, milk sugar, fat-reduced cocoa powder, whey (milk ) powder, lactose (milk) , rice flour, barley malt extract, salt, glazing agent(E414), anhydrous milk fat, spices, glucose syrup, modified starch, vegetable fat (coconut), wheat flour, vegetable oil (palm, sunflower), glucose-fructose syrup, raising agents: E450 and E500, egg protein powder, colour: caramel, natural flavour.
This is the first time I've bought from this company and I'm pleasantly surprised. Both the truffle layer, and chocolate layer are really thick, and the truffle tastes similar to the inside of a Lindt ball chocolate. My only negative is it's much smaller than I was expecting. It's like two thirds of an iPhone 6s size (using my phone for comparison lol) I've still given it five stars though because of how different and tasty it is and just filled to the brim.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 37.434258
Retrieved Text: My mum and dad said that they want to have this trip every year.
MY FAVORITE CHOCOLATE IS WHITE CHOCOLATE!!!
I am pleased that you enjoyed it. Hopefully next year's Y4 will love it too!
I also like white chocolate. My mum and also likes white chocolate.
milk chocolate is also my favorite chocolate.
My favorite chocolate is milk chocolate well Mayan drink was great to.

================



======= Instance Index 114 =========
Input Text: The word "literature" has multiple meanings. Does it have the same meaning in sentences 1 and 2? Yes or no?

Sentence 1: One aspect of Waterloo has not yet been treated in the literature.
Sentence 2: The technical literature.

Target Text: Yes

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 43.139545
Retrieved Text: n. 1. Learning; acquaintance with letters or books.
2. literature - the humanistic study of a body of literature; "he took a course in Russian lit"
3. literature - published writings in a particular style on a particular subject; "the technical literature"; "one aspect of Waterloo has not yet been treated in the literature"
4. literature - the profession or art of a writer; "her place in literature is secure"
literature - The literature. Computer-science journals and other publications, vaguely gestured at to answer a question that the speaker believes is trivial. Thus, one might answer an annoying question by saying "It's in the literature." Oppose Knuth, which has no connotation of triviality.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 24.985714
Retrieved Text: related topic. You are required to write a brief literature review on a topic of your choice.
an argument or tell a story' (Jesson et.al, 2011, p.15).
topic that have not been studied yet. In the context of this course, this is the area of most interest.
This assignment is done individually.
â€ Point out overall trends in what has been published about your topic.
one or two research questions.
issues pertinent to future study.
your literature review and a larger area of study such as a discipline, or a profession.
Your assessment should use the following layout.
will help illustrate some aspect of your findings.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 23.141296
Retrieved Text: Waterloo rollover accident injures one | LaMarca Law Group, P.C.
A Waterloo man was injured after a rollover car accident occurred Sunday.
The accident occurred just around 2 p.m. when the 27-year-old man was traveling down Donald Street at what officials think was an “excessive speed” and he lost control of the car. The vehicle hit a ditch which caused it to flip and roll several times.
The man was thrown from the vehicle as a result of the crash and was transported to Allen Hospital to be treated for his injuries. The details of the accident are under investigation at this time.
If you or a loved one has been injured in a rollover accident, you need experienced representation on your side. Contact the Iowa rollover accident lawyers of LaMarca Law Group, P.C. by calling 877-327-2600 today.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 22.747253
Retrieved Text: Much has changed in the retail world since 1980. However, one thing has not: the importance of outstanding customer service. We have always treated our customers like dear friends, and they have rewarded us with their unyielding loyalty and support.
To be sure, the ways in which we as a modern society seek and purchase goods have evolved, with more and more interactions being replaced by keystrokes or thumb-taps. We feel that in the world of retail, too often, something has been lost. Yet is has never been lost on us.
The feeling that you are being cared for, served honestly, and earnestly appreciated cannot be replaced. This is the most important aspect of customer service, and it is something we celebrate and protect.
So whether you are looking for something you saw on our site, something that you cannot find anywhere, or something you cannot yet identify, let us help.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 22.714617
Retrieved Text: THE chief inspector of railway accidents has warned that the low-speed collision between a passenger train and wagons at London Waterloo last summer has revealed ‘a deep-seated problem’.
Simon French of the Rail Accident Investigation Branch said the incident on 15 August, which involved an early morning train and stationary engineering wagons, has aroused fears that the lessons of the fatal triple collision near Clapham Junction on 12 December 1988 ‘may be fading from the railway industry’s collective memory’.
A technician had left signalling near Clapham in a dangerous condition, because new circuits had been installed but the old wiring was still connected at one end and loose and uninsulated at the other. The result was that a signal did not turn to red when the section it was protecting was occupied, and this caused a rear-end collision. A third train running empty collided with the wreckage moments later. The accident happened at the height of the morning rush hour: 35 people were killed and 69 seriously injured. More than 400 others were slightly hurt.
The resulting inquiry found serious flaws in the design, modification, testing and commissioning of signalling systems, and this finding led to major changes.
The RAIB said the Waterloo crash last year, in which no-one was hurt, was also caused by ’uncontrolled’ wiring changes, and this has raised ‘concern that some of the lessons identified by the public inquiry following Clapham may be fading from the railway industry’s collective memory’.
Simon French said: ‘The disastrous collision at Clapham Junction was a turning point. The immediate cause of

########
Rank: 5
Score: 22.637508
Retrieved Text: Total current route mileage = 1½ miles.
Total stations served = 2 stations.
including positions of all trains.
Waterloo train depot to right.
Centre 2007 New Service Control Centre now situated in the depot.
Green = track with route cleared over it.
Red = track occupied by train.
Centre 2007 L.U.L. Intranet / Internet P.C.
Centre 2007 Close up of signalling monitors.
Centre 2007 Signalling Control desk.
Waterloo 1997 View from Waterloo train depot.
arrival platform in distance to right.
Two "Position Light" shunt signals visible.
a white aspect denoting danger or stop.
Waterloo Depot 2007 Waterloo depot central core.
Waterloo Depot 2007 Train waiting to enter depot ex arrival platform.
Note train lights have been changed ready to reverse.
Waterloo Depot 2007 Roads 5, 6 & 7 to the left.
Waterloo Depot 2007 Train just arrived on 5 road to reverse.
Waterloo Depot 2007 Washing Machine used to clean trains visible.
Waterloo Depot 2007 Position Light shunt signal WK30 shown at danger.
Waterloo Depot 2007 Close up of above.
Shown at danger - RED bottom left + WHITE bottom right.
Displays clear as - WHITE top + WHITE bottom right.
Waterloo Depot 2007 View of Waterloo platforms from roads 2 & 3.
Position Light shunt signals WK22 left, WK24 right.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 22.599945
Retrieved Text: When Mark Dawes opened Richardson & Wrench Alexandria/Waterloo in 2003 it was a calculated act of faith. He'd observed the move towards inner-city living in the east and inner-west and foresaw a time when the south-eastern end of the city would follow suit.
R&W Alexandria/Waterloo is deeply entrenched in its local neighbourhood with a long-term view of its future. This has shaped the agency's customer service philosophy and commitment to providing transparent advice where vendor and buyer, tenant and landlord can walk away feeling that they have been treated fairly.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 22.223244
Retrieved Text: Waterloo Team of Volunteers Success "The Friends of Old Christ Church" have been elected "Team of the Year for the North of England".
Marsh Christian Trust in conjunction with the Churches Conservation Trust awarded The "Friends" in recognition of their achievements in bringing Old Christ Church, a Grade II* listed building in Waterloo, back in to active use as a venue for community activity. attracting over 30,000 visitors per annum.
The Marsh Awards are a group of 41 awards given by Marsh Christian Trust in the areas of conservation , science the arts, heritage, literature and volunteering and recognise those who do it for love not money.
John Bramham, chairman of the Friends said on behalf of all the volunteers, "We are delighted and privileged to be in a position to help look after this magnificent example of late Victorian church architecture".

########
Rank: 8
Score: 21.87255
Retrieved Text: Anita McAlister received a BMUS in Performance from the University of Toronto and a MMus in Solo Performance and Literature from the University of Western Ontario. An active freelancer in the Toronto area, Anita has an interesting and varied career performing with the Toronto Symphony, the National Ballet Orchestra and the Canadian Opera Company. Anita is a member of the Esprit Orchestra, the ARRAYMUSIC Ensemble and the Hannaford Street Silver Band, and has been a contracted member of the Kitchener-Waterloo Symphony and the Stratford Festival. She has toured as Principal Trumpet of the Royal Winnipeg Ballet Orchestra, and performed with a number of theatre productions such as Phantom of the Opera.
As a student, Anita studied with the Canadian Brass in Banff and went on to be a member of the Great Lakes Brass Quintet, the Composers Brass, and for many years performed with the Kitchener-Waterloo Symphony Brass Quintet.
coaching chamber music and teaching music education classes. Dedicated to the development of brass education, Anita is the Director of the Hannaford Youth Program and conducts the Junior, Community and Youth Bands.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 21.763123
Retrieved Text: Words Worth Books has been at the heart of vibrant Uptown Waterloo for over 30 years.
We are active in YOUR community. Words Worth Books organizes or supports 15 to 20 book events per year. Our official bookclub meets at the end of each month, and we’re affiliated with an additional eight reading groups. We offer an in-store venue for community events and readings, a free little lending library, and we serve as a ticketing agent for concerts and shows throughout the region. We support non-profit groups through donations & sponsorship, children’s programs, and we frequently volunteer with arts and culture organizations. We are honoured to have long-standing relationships with the Wild Writer’s Literary Festival, St. Jerome’s University, the Perimeter Institute, CIGI, Waterloo and Kitchener public libraries, the Woolwich Community Health Centre, in addition numerous schools and business institutions throughout the region.
Words Worth Books is more than just a great bookstore. It is a vital part of the region’s cultural, social, and political community. Multiple generations of book lovers have walked through our doors, and we look forward to meeting many more generations to come. We’re deeply thankful to our loyal customers for recognizing the value of a place like Words Worth Books, and for making it possible for us to continue doing what we love.
David Worsley became co-owner of Words Worth Books in 2011, after managing the bookstore for 12 years. In 2006 he won the prestigious Hand-Selling Award from Haper Collins Canada. Dave is currently an editor at The New Quarterly and sits on their

########
Rank: 10
Score: 21.604036
Retrieved Text: In the decade 1965-76 Lasdun's time was taken up with the National Theatre, his one truly public building in that it is open to all, inside and out. It is therefore by this building, of national importance and on a prominent site, and with public interiors, that Lasdun will be judged by most people - and for which he was knighted on its completion and awarded the RIBA Gold Medal.
The best approach to the National Theatre is across Waterloo Bridge, rather than from the South Bank. A visually difficult aspect of theatre design is how to deal with the bulky fly towers in which scenery is suspended above the stage. Here the two towers do dominate the skyline, yet they are part of a harmonious composition; having two auditoria actually helps, as the smaller fly tower modulates the scale between the larger one and the rest of the building.
The larger fly tower appears set diagonally above the main entrance rising through the strata rather than sitting oppressively on the roof. The strata, forming terraces outside the foyers, relate to the different levels of the pedestrian decks; and from inside they form viewing galleries framing the theatre of life outside. The decks are not simply access ways, or just places to sit out, but extend the foyers onto the embankment to promote and extend human relationships.
The inside outside continuum is enhanced by the exposed concrete waffle slabs of the strata, and full height glazing. The interior finishes have been compared to those of a multistorey car park.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 21.578588
Retrieved Text: Erminia has a BA in English Literature and a BED in Secondary Education from the University of Alberta; an MED in Adult Education from the Ontario Institute for Studies in Education (OISE), University of Toronto; and an MA in Rhetoric and Communication Design from the University of Waterloo. She has taught ESL, EAP and Communications courses at Alberta Vocational Centre, Edmonton (now Norquest College); the School of Continuing Studies, University of Toronto; and Dubai Men’s College in the United Arab Emirates. At Sheridan, Erminia teaches in the ESL program where she has been involved in curriculum, test development and program coordination.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 21.41401
Retrieved Text: Waterloo Library will close in its current form in mid-July, Lambeth Council has confirmed.
The library will move to a temporary home at the Oasis Centre in Kennington Road.
Although the new library will have longer opening hours (weekdays 9am-6pm and Saturdays 9.30am-5.30pm), it will not have Lambeth libraries staff on hand at all times.
The council says libraries staff will visit Waterloo "on a daily basis".
"I'm delighted that, by working with a strong community organisation like Oasis, we are able to keep a library in Waterloo," said Cllr Jack Hopkins, Lambeth cabinet member for regeneration, business and culture.
"In the face of massive government cuts, we have worked very hard to maintain libraries in all ten existing locations across Lambeth.
"The new service in Waterloo underlines this commitment and to nourishing and serving our local communities."
Steve Chalke, founder and leader of Oasis Global, said: "We are looking forward to providing the Waterloo library with a new home and welcoming library users to the refurbished Oasis Centre.
"Oasis' goal is always to work in partnership to do all we can to help build a safe and healthy community.
"Hosting the library is one way of achieving this. The library is in a great location, easily accessible on foot or by public transport. I invite the local community to visit, read, learn and explore."
The Waterloo Job Shop will remain open at the Lower Marsh building.
The council has yet to announce the outcome of the tender process for a 'meanwhile space opportunity' at the Lower Marsh building.
Oasis reopened its Hub Coffee House at the Oasis

########
Rank: 13
Score: 21.294014
Retrieved Text: این مقاله تقریباً شامل 13763 کلمه می باشد.
Drawing on the literature pertaining to the role universities play in promoting technology transfer, this paper develops an insightful conceptualization of spin-off processes, and applies it to a current regional case study. The suggested typology of university spin-off/start-up firms is based on several variables, including the type of university sponsorship, university involvement in firm formation, the character of knowledge applied, and co-localization of the founders. The empirical case study is used to demonstrate the usefulness of this approach in analyzing spin-off firms, and their dynamics. The study is based on interviews conducted with university spin-offs/start-ups in the information technology (IT) sector located in the Kitchener and Guelph metropolitan areas. This region, which is home to the University of Waterloo – one of Canada’s premier science and technology universities – has experienced an impetus of spin-off processes originating from university research dating back to the 1970s.
In the social science literature, the advantages knowledge-based, technology-intensive firms can accrue from being in close proximity to a university have been widely recognized (Nelson, 1959 and Arrow, 1962). It is believed that high-tech ventures derive significant benefits from localized knowledge spillovers emanating from the two common tasks performed by universities; i.e., basic research and human capital creation (Audretsch and Lehmann, 2005). While these knowledge inputs are appealing to firms, access to these inputs appears to depend on the spatial proximity to a particular university (Fujita and Thisse, 1996 and Fischer and Varga, 2003). It was not until the late 1960s, when new information technology

########
Rank: 14
Score: 21.292166
Retrieved Text: Plasterers Waterloo. Bedroom finished early this week. Ceiling was patterned artex before over curved/ hand turned ceilings. The artex was bonded flat, then the full room plastered, with old rounded angles made square.
Looking For Plasterers in Waterloo?
If you are looking for plasterers in Waterloo we have the knowledge, skills and quality to provide you with a service and a price you will be more than happy with.
Liverpool Plastering and Rendering have years of experience working across all areas of Liverpool including Crosby and we cover every aspect of plastering, rendering and damp courses.
Visit our gallery for examples of our work or visit our testimonial page to hear what our satisfied customers have to say, or read more about Liverpool Plastering and Rendering, your local, qualified, highly skilled, experienced and reliable plasterers.
Our company has been built on reputation and recommendation with customer satisfaction being our highest priority. From small patches to large redevelopments, whatever project you require, you can feel safe in the knowledge that the work will be carried out by experienced, qualified specialists with Liverpool Plastering and Rendering.
Call us for a free estimate on 07943818443 or click the contact us button to send a message and we will get back to you as soon as possible.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 21.285748
Retrieved Text: Sheila Fischman has received numerous honors, including the 1998 Governor General’s Award (for her translation of Michel Tremblay’s Bambi and Me for Talonbooks); she has been a finalist fourteen times for this award. She has received two Canada Council Translation Prizes and two Félix-Antoine Savard Awards from Columbia University. In 2000, she was invested into the Order of Canada and, in 2008, into the Ordre national du Québec, and, in 2008, she received the Canada Council for the Arts Molson Prize for her outstanding contributions to Canadian literature. She holds honorary doctorates from the Universities of Ottawa and Waterloo. Fischman currently resides in Montreal.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 21.182058
Retrieved Text: Waterloo isn’t the suburb it used to be. A swag of new community facilities and developments are transforming the face of the former industrial heartland into a hip, thriving community.
The new Green Square library is the latest asset to be unveiled in Sydney’s evolving inner-south. With an underground garden, open-air amphitheatre and six-storey glass tower, it’s not your run-of-the-mill book lender.
The library is part of a multimillion urban revamp of Green Square that includes a civic plaza along with an aquatic centre, parks and playgrounds, a childcare centre and a creative hub.
The revitalisation project is having a positive flow-on effect in Waterloo, where real estate agent Pauline Goodyer says a younger demographic is entering the market.
Enquire now while it’s still available.
“People used to think of Waterloo as an investor market, but that’s definitely changing,” she says.
Having outgrown its status as an industrial hub, Waterloo has become a haven for hipster bars, trendy cafes and restaurants.
Yet affordability is still very much on the menu and has proved a major driver of the suburb’s growing popularity. It’s median unit price is $860,000 – down slightly from $865,000 in 2017.
The mix of housing is also diverse, homebuyers can find historical houses along with brand spanking new apartments.
And while traffic gridlock in the area has been a bugbear for locals, all that’s set to change. State government plans to decongest roads, including McEvoy Street in Waterloo, promise to ease peak-hour traffic.
This all comes as welcome news to residents moving into new apartment developments in the suburb.
These developments offer a range

########
Rank: 17
Score: 21.171667
Retrieved Text: A modernization and energy conservation project at one of the Ontario government’s fish culture stations is using innovative technologies to make the location greener and healthier.
The Dorion Fish Culture Station in Ontario’s north is one of nine provincial fish culture stations operated by the Ministry of Natural Resources. Combined, the hatcheries produce approximately seven to eight million fish each year, which go to stock public waters.
The upgrades to Dorion included replacing the oil-fired heating equipment at the facility with a new energy-efficient geothermal heating system. This move has replaced 32,000 litres of fossil fuel consumption.
The station also upgraded its insulation and heat recovery ventilation. Innovative air dehumidifying systems were installed to provide a healthy work environment and protect the building and equipment from condensation problems.
The Dorion Fish Culture Station is the only ministry hatchery serving the fisheries management needs of the northwest region of the province and western Lake Superior.
The Government of Ontario has installed an innovative and environmentally friendly wastewater treatment system at the Rideau River Provincial Park, south of Ottawa.
The Waterloo Biofilter™ is an on-site wastewater treatment system that efficiently treats sewage and other wastewaters. It was easy to install and has safely overcome the park’s construction constraints of high water table, wet soil conditions and the park’s close proximity to the water’s edge.
The Waterloo Biofilter™ is patented technology that combines natural airflow and naturally occurring bacteria to consume contaminants such as E. coli that are found in wastewater. Using very low energy consumption, the technology safely and easily disperses treated wastewater back into

########
Rank: 18
Score: 21.067287
Retrieved Text: The Great Game has a range of sponsorship packages on offer for any company or individual who wishes to support the week-end, associate their brand with The Great Game: Waterloo Replayed, or help the Waterloo Uncovered charity and their work. It might be a regimental association of a regiment represented at Waterloo; it might be an individual who has a friend playing in the battle or it might be a corporate with a brand to promote.
The Great Game will attract considerable media attention and will be an attractive vehicle for any company that wants to associate itself with this innovative attempt on a gaming world record, military history, archaeology and support for serving service personnel and veterans, as epitomised by the values of Waterloo Uncovered.
Firstly, there will be a JustGiving page which we hope will allow individuals to sponsor their friends and relatives playing in the game. Those who support the aims of Waterloo Uncovered, and Regimental Associations who are proud of their Waterloo associations.
Secondly, we are looking for a Naming Lead Sponsor (£10k), who will lend their name to the game, and for whom we will build a bespoke sponsorship package around.
Thirdly, we are looking for Supporting Sponsors who will enjoy an association with The Great Game. This includes sponsorship in kind from those in the military history, wargaming and modelling fields.
* Name to appear on all press and media statements, event literature, database blasts, promotional activity and to be displayed at The Great Game.
* Publicity via traditional and social media platforms pre and post

########
Rank: 19
Score: 21.051079
Retrieved Text: In Waterloo, AL outdoor hot tubs mostly are determined by the space, location & the bargaining power of the buyer our Outdoor Hot Tub Guys can help you on choosing from a variety of outdoor hot tubs that we have. We will guide you through the whole process of installation of the outdoor hot tubs.
The installation process by Outdoor Hot Tub Guys in Waterloo, AL offers skilled and qualified personnel will guide you through the whole installation process There are few steps to follow during installation; Check to see if you need a building permit. Many cities will require building permits for installing hot tubs outdoors. Check with Waterloo, AL yours to see if you need to as well.
Most modern tubs in Waterloo, AL are self-contained, meaning you won't have to run any plumbing in order to get the tub up and running. But electrical wiring is another matter. Cities usually have codes for using certain types of conduits, so make sure you talk with your local building department. When you have, decide if you'd like the conduit to run under or above ground.
The voltage of a hot tub is higher than regular home outlets, so you will need to install a breaker to your electrical control box. If you are not familiar with electrical systems, it is best to hire an electrician to assist you in this aspect of installation. Outdoor Hot Tub Guys has all these facilities in Waterloo, AL and we are always available to do the installation.
An unfilled hot tub can weigh

########
Rank: 20
Score: 20.93926
Retrieved Text: Displacement resulting from the establishment and enforcement of protected areas has troubled relationships between conservationists and rural groups in many parts of the world. This paper examines one aspect of dis­placement: eviction from protected areas. We examine divergent opinions about the quality of information available in the literature. We then examine the literature itself, discussing the patterns visible in nearly 250 reports we compiled over the last two years. We argue that the quality of the literature is not great, but that there are signs that this problem is primarily concentrated in a few regions of the world. We show that there has been a remarkable surge of publications about relocation after 1990, yet most protected areas reported in these publications were established before 1980. This reflects two processes, first a move within research circles to recover and rediscover pro­tected areas' murky past, and second stronger enforcement of existing legisla­tion. We review the better analyses of the consequences of relocation from protected areas which are available and highlight areas of future research.
This paper explores how NGOs, state agencies and activists par­ticipated in the preparation of India's National Biodiversity Strategy and Ac­tion Plan (NBSAP). The study is based on three months of fieldwork in the summer of 2003, during which I conducted semi-structured interviews and re­viewed the documents used and produced in the planning process. While some critics view NGO involvement in state policy making with suspicion, others see it as a successful outcome of a long-standing demand for greater partici­pation in governance. I argue that the

########
Rank: 21
Score: 20.876862
Retrieved Text: Dependant on an ever-expanding range of signals and noise, digital networks are anything but firm, and yet we are increasingly surrounded by the physical devices that have enabled our networks to work. Firmament draws attention to how digital culture obscures its very real and physical corollaries, focusing on issues of consumerism, waste and obsolescence as rendered through the life cycle of electronic devices. Skanda Lin was born in Guangdong, China and studied architecture at the University of Waterloo. She is now completing her Masters of Architecture at the University of Toronto. Matthew Blunderfield was born in Vancouver and studied English Literature at the University of British Columbia. He is now completing his Masters of Architecture at the University of Toronto.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 20.874475
Retrieved Text: Dr. Christina Miller received her Doctor of Optometry degree from Pennsylvania College of Optometry in Elkins Park, Pennsylvania and her Bachelor of Science degree from the University of Waterloo in Waterloo, Ontario, Canada. Prior to joining our practice Dr. Miller participated as an Adjunct Faculty member for the Arizona College of Optometry teaching students clinical procedures and skills in laboratory settings. In addition, Dr. Miller has managed and treated ocular diseases and routine eye exams, participated in several FDA Studies and lectures across the country.
She is a active member of the Arizona Optometric Association.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 20.864105
Retrieved Text: The Iowa Civil Rights Commission is conducting a series of fair housing tests of landlords in Waterloo this month. The director of the commission, Ralph Rosenberg, says they’re checking with landlords who advertise and will test to see how they treat someone who is looking to rent that has a child, and someone who doesn’t have children.
Rosenberg says state and local civil rights commissions go out periodically and test landlords to look for any kind of discrimination. He says it’s a way to educate people and to test how good a job the state is doing in complying with the rules. The Waterloo testing also coincides with the 40th anniversary of passage of the federal Fair Housing Act.
Rosenberg says he does things a little differently than some states by publicizing the tests beforehand. "I think we want to try and be up front with people in the community," Rosenberg says, "we’re not out to surprise people, we’re just trying to test compliance with the law. Then we educate and explain." Rosenberg says they’ll continue the tests through April. He says if there’s strong compliance, they’ll report it. And if there are problems, Rosenberg says they’ll contact landlords to work out some agreements. Rosenberg says they’ve had success working out mediated agreements when there are problems.
Rosenberg says these tests will try to determine whether the property owner or manager treated the tester with a minor child less favorably than the tester without children. Rosenberg says they’re using this test because they’ve had some complaints in this area,

########
Rank: 24
Score: 20.848064
Retrieved Text: The sympathetic system has been a target for interventional treatment since the early half of the 20th century. One area targeted for treatment has been the lumbar sympathetics for lower limb pain. Physicians have treated various neuropathic and ischemic conditions employing the use of sympathetic procedures as a mode of treatment, yet the studies strongly supporting the utility of the procedure have been lacking. Anatomic studies have brought to light the complexity and variation that exists with identifying the locations of the ganglion. Studies have investigated the different methods to determine the highest yield and less risky approaches in performing the technique. Many studies have reported positive results with blockade and neurolysis, but review of the literature reveals poor strength quality and small sample population. These reports should be viewed as building blocks for more robust investigation. Interpretation of the results should be performed with caution, and translation into common practice implemented on a case by case basis.
R. Abramov declares that he has no conflicts of interest.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 20.816069
Retrieved Text: Three vehicle collision in Cork happened on the Mallow Road this morning.
Two tourists from the US have been killed in a serious road traffic collision in County Cork.
at the Waterloo Junction at around 11 o'clock this morning.
The man and woman who died were both in their 60s ..
A number of other people were injured and are being treated in hospital.
The road was closed for a time but has since re-opened to traffic.
Meanwhile, Three other people including a child have been killed in a collision in County Mayo.
N17 Galway to Sligo Road at Claremorris just after midday.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 20.801239
Retrieved Text: Though it is much easier to live in a life of convenience and ease than it ever has been before Cheap Charlotte Hornets Jerseys , much of what makes that life comfortable comes at a price. For example, furniture in Kitchener Waterloo, as well as many other areas, can cater to every type of taste, style Cheap Brooklyn Nets Jerseys , and preference, but not necessarily every budget. In order to acquire the highest quality furniture without spending exorbitant amounts of money, many look to discount furniture for help. “Discount” does not necessarily mean that the furniture is second hand, has something wrong with it, or has any other qualities of that nature. In fact Cheap Boston Celtics Jerseys , discount furniture in Kitchener Waterloo provides wonderful, useful, first-rate furniture and appliances to all those that wish to purchase products as close to the wholesale value as possible. “Wholesale,” of course, means that the price that individuals pay is either the same or close to the same price it takes to manufacture whatever the piece of furniture is. This process can create many benefits.
The first benefit that comes to mind when people look for discount furniture in Kitchener Waterloo is the savings that they can accumulate. Most individuals and families who purchase discount furniture are able to save more as they continue to invest. In addition Cheap Atlanta Hawks Jerseys , the discount or wholesale prices of these furnishings are fairly solid and never leave one guessing whether they could have gotten a better bargain or

########
Rank: 27
Score: 20.775312
Retrieved Text: Serving the Cambridge, Kitchener, Waterloo, & Guelph area, Garston Motors is located at 408 Witmer St in Cambridge, ON.
Garston Motors is the Top Rated used car dealership in Kitchener Waterloo Region.
We include new brakes and tires if needed.
We have one of the largest selection in the Kitchener Waterloo Region with 200+ vehicles in stock.
Non-aggressive sales approach working all together as a team to service our customers' better, offering history reports, exclusive used car warranty options at an incredible price giving the coverage you deserve.
We work hard to establish the absolute best interest rate with the lender and overall car loan approval.
"Hire Remarkable People" - Andy Lebada, Dealer Principal.
Safe, family environment. Owned and managed by brothers, our entire staff is either related or treated like they are related to us. Customers add to our family circle!
Garston Motors was founded in 1999 and operated by John Dimeck and his wife in Kitchener, Ontario for 14 years. During that time, the couple provided thousands of quality vehicles to the people of the tri-cities.
You can also check our car dealership reviews.
In 2013, John Dimeck decided to focus on other projects and handed the business over to another family. Andy Lebada, with the assistance of his brother Heesh and cousin Ash, relocated the business to Cambridge, Ontario. Since then, Andy Lebada and his family have worked tirelessly to ensure that they are able to offer only the highest quality used vehicles in Cambridge, Kitchener, Waterloo and surrounding areas.
Over the years, Garston Motors has changed drastically. Their superior vehicles and reconditioning regimen

########
Rank: 28
Score: 20.772152
Retrieved Text: Two-time Academy Award-winning actress Vivien Leigh is one of the most revered female movie stars of all time. Born Vivien Mary Hartley on November 5th, 1913 in Darjeeling, British India, the British actress received convent education in England and throughout Europe before enrolling at the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art in London in 1932, inspired by her former schoolmate and MGM actress Maureen O Sullivan, who at that time portrayed Jane in the first film of the ”Tarzan” series. That same year, Vivien married Herbert Leigh Holman and adopted ”Leigh” as her professional name.
After a few minor roles in British films, she achieved the movie star status with her role of the attractive yet light-headed ”Cynthia” in the 1937 British historical drama Fire Over England, produced by Sir Alexander Korda and co-starring her future husband, British stage and film actor Sir Laurence Olivier. This outstanding performance captured the attention of the famous film studio executive David O. Selznick, who at that time was also the producer of the epic film that was going to become the most successful film in box-office history (grossing around $3.3 billion when adjusted for inflation), the iconic and all-time classic Gone With The Wind, directed by Victor Fleming (initially, the director was George Cukor, but he was dismissed during the production of the film).
Throughout her fruitful and triumphant acting career spanning 35 years Vivien Leigh has been equally recognized for her on-screen flawless interpretations of complex characters and her on-stage pathos-filled performances that ranged from tragic characters such as Juliet, Lady

########
Rank: 29
Score: 20.735468
Retrieved Text: The Sufis live with an ever increasing awareness of God. One aspect of this awareness is the practice of zikr. Zikr means 'remembering God,' usually by pronouncing His name or by uttering a number of recognized formulae. The Qur'an repeatedly admonishes believers to celebrate the praises of God and to do this often. For remembering the name of God brings satisfaction and comfort to man's heart.
The following verse of the Qur'an reveals the significance of zikr: "Recite that which has been revealed to you of the scripture, and observe prayer. For prayer restrains one from lewdness and iniquity, but remembrance of God is the greatest virtue."
In one passage of the Qur'an, the importance of zikr is enhanced to such an extent that a response to it from God Himself is assured: "Therefore remember Me, and I will remember you."
The Qur'an warns those who neglect zikr: "Whoso blinds himself to the remembrance of the All Merciful, to him we assign Satan for comrade and debar them from the way, and yet they think they are guided." Again, "Be not as those who forgot God, and so He caused them to forget their own souls. Those, they are ungodly." The key to human happiness lies in the remembrance of God, as in the Qur'anic verse: "Verily, in the remembrance of God do hearts find peace."
Some orientalists who considered themselves experts on Islam invented the myth that the history of Sufism began with the appearance of certain introductory treatises on the Sufi tradition in the ninth and tenth centuries.

================



======= Instance Index 154 =========
Input Text: The word "keep" has multiple meanings. Does it have the same meaning in sentences 1 and 2? Yes or no?

Sentence 1: Can I keep my old stuffed animals?
Sentence 2: She kept her maiden name after she married.

Target Text: Yes

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 42.80932
Retrieved Text: If your last name is Glah, odds are that you�re closely related to Michelle Glah McCleary of Denver.
McCleary�s maiden name, which derives from a misunderstanding when her family immigrated from the Glahn region of Germany, is extremely rare in the United States, and McCleary values its uniqueness. So when she got married earlier this year, she decided to keep it as a middle name and become Michelle Glah McCleary.
�It�s a cool name and it�s also who I am. I�ve identified (myself) that way for 30 years,� McCleary says.
The practice of women keeping their last name as a middle name after they marry has quietly taken hold in the United States, where studies show that 90 percent to 95 percent of married women take their husbands� last names. There were likely very few maiden-to-middle name changers in the 1970s, according to Penn State senior lecturer Laurie Scheuble, who has studied marital naming. Studies from the 1990s indicate that between 3 percent and 25 percent of married women were using their maiden names as middle names.
About 18 percent of women at the marital name change website MissNowMrs.com have taken their maiden names as middle names in the last six years, according to founder and president Danielle Tate.
The modern practice of retaining maiden names as middle names can probably be traced to the women�s movement of the 1970s, according to the genealogist Sharon DeBartolo Carmack. Prominent examples include Hillary Rodham Clinton.
There were scattered examples before that, including the pioneering 19th-century feminist Elizabeth Cady Stanton, the poet Elizabeth Barrett Browning,

########
Rank: 1
Score: 41.2899
Retrieved Text: You know it is really very diffucult if you do not have the same surname as your children. I have been married for 10 years, had one child. Since the divorce 3 years ago I have not changed my surname back to my maiden name. I met another guy and we have a little boy together. Now, this is what happened to me. My boy's daddy and I are still together but not married. So when I wanted to get my baby registered on his fathers name, the home affairs did not want me to because we had different surnames. So eventually after going from one home affairs office to another I finally got my baby registered. Now I have my daughter who has the same surname as me, but my son does not. So, if I change back to my maiden name none of my children will have the same name as me. And when I recently wanted to put my kids on a new medical aid, I had to get a signed affodavit and copies of birth certificates and everything to put my son on my medical aid because he did not have the same name as me.
kim - we are not all exes trying to keep our names i kept my maiden name while i was married and i will keep it now and if i ever remarry but a name is a name."a rose by any other name would smell as sweet" have you ever met any one with your last name

########
Rank: 2
Score: 41.025517
Retrieved Text: Key Difference: Surname is the family name that that one shares with other family members. This name is passed from one generation to the other. On the other hand, maiden name refers to surname of a woman that she held prior to her wedding. Generally, Women change their surname after marriage and keep it same as the husband’s surname.
Surname and maiden name have a close connection with each other. Maiden name is also a surname but is associated with a married woman. Oxford Dictionary defines Maiden Name as ‘the surname that a married woman used before she was married and which she may still use when married, especially in her employment’.
To find out the difference between these terms, let us first understand the term surname. A surname is a family name that a person shares with other family members. It is a part of personal name and thus is very important in one’s identity. A surname is that part of your name which is common among your family members.
For example, a son and a father share the same surname. Surnames pass from one generation to the other, thus they are constant terms. Let us consider an example: - a boy is named as John Lewis, his father’s name is Kevin Lewis and his grandfather’s name is Joy Lewis. Now, can you see the common term between all three names? The common name is Lewis, it got transferred from Joy to Kevin and then Kevin to John. Therefore, it is also termed as the family name. This

########
Rank: 3
Score: 40.9862
Retrieved Text: To change or not to change? After, "Will you marry me?" -- that is the big question. Recent studies show that more American brides were keeping their maiden names for a while, but more recently, the trend has been reversing.
As engagement rings are unwrapped under the tree this holiday season, happy brides-to-be will have a big decision to make -- one that will affect them long after the honeymoon is over.
A 2009 study published in the journal Social Behavior and Personality looked at New York Times wedding announcements from 1971 to 2005, and found that only 1 percent of brides kept their names in the 1800s -- no surprise there. That figure rose to 9 percent in the 1980s and 23 percent in the 1990s, then declined to 18 percent in the 2000s. A more recent survey, conducted by the wedding website TheKnot.com and reported by Yahoo!, polled nearly 19,000 women who got married in 2010 and found that only 8 percent kept their own last names once they said, "I do."
However, more women seem to be using their maiden names professionally as their "middle" name, even in cases where these names have been legally banished from their official records. This, says Sharon Naylor, a wedding expert and author of The Essential Guide to Wedding Etiquette, is one of a few common practices that make it somewhat easier for the modern woman to both legally take her groom's last name and maintain her maiden identity.
Naylor says that the brides she's been working with are, for the

########
Rank: 4
Score: 38.587746
Retrieved Text: Yes that was a positive comment to make IMO.
The pics in her IG look like she's a real nice fun gal. Sweet pics of her friends and her niece.
@Ruqibabe and @GuardianAngel Thanks for all the sleuthing and sharing! Please continue! Hoping for a great season and not a lot of drama!
Based on social media, I'm pretty positive they're still together.
Also, the MAFS Lifetime twitter posted a video of Ashley telling her family about the show and picking her wedding dress. I don't know how to bring it over.
@GuardianAngel beautiful couple wishing them well.
I'm looking through her twitter now and noticed, she posted the same pic but the opposite comments.
I think if he calls her Mrs Ashley D'Amico, people would figure out their current status.
Even if they divorce, they can't do it until the season finishes airing. Maybe she didn't change her last name.
I don't think that legally the woman's last name changes on Married at First Sight until after the show airs and only if they choose to or not. I think that they just say for example Mrs. D'Amico at the wedding because they want it to seem like a regular wedding. They won't have anyone go by their new last name while the show airs because they don't want to have that kind of spoiler out there.
I remember that Cortney didn't change her last name to Carrion for at least a year and a half after she and Jason got married (S1) because she wanted a real proposal from Jason and for him to

########
Rank: 5
Score: 38.088646
Retrieved Text: I am trying to trace a very old friend of my wife. My wifes maiden name was Kathleen Clements. Her friends maiden name was Betty Wallace. She originally came from Diamond Street Shankill Road and her grandfather had a cobblers shop just up above Tennent Street also she had brothers and sisters. She married and became Wilson and lived in Antrim. She then remarried and lived in Clonmore Green Rathcoole and the last i heard from a friend was she had moved to Bangor the only unfortunate part is i do not know her married name I hope some one will know her as she was at our wedding back in 1968 and my wife would like to see her again.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 37.05893
Retrieved Text: Name changing - why or why not?
So, I'm wondering is there any real reason why either of us should change our last name?
I don't actually have any strong feelings about whether we hyphenate, I take his last name, or we don't change our names at all, so I'm trying to get a better idea of pros and cons. For what it's worth, we have established that my fiancee will not take my last name because he already shares a first name with my cousin and them having the same first and last name would just be a little weird.
So basically, if there are any issues, troubles, annoyances, or difficulties, minor or major when it comes to hyphenating or not changing your last name I am curious about them because it may very well be worth it to me to change my last name in order to avoid that.
Re: Name changing - why or why not?
I changed mine because I didn't have a strong attachment to my maiden name & it was a PITA to pronounce and spell. H has a pretty basic (but not super common) last name. I also figured that way any kids we have will have the same last name as both of us. It's gotten more common for parents to have two different last names, but I know it used to be kind of a hassle for whatever parent had the different last name from the kids. I did struggle a little bit with letting go of the "family name," but then

########
Rank: 7
Score: 36.848015
Retrieved Text: Her uncle explained that she married a relative of her mother’s.
A freshman member of Congress and one of the first Muslims elected to the House of Representatives married a relative.
According to a November Haaretz report, the father of Rep. Rashida Tlaib (D-Mich.), Harbi Elabed, married her mother Faiza Tlaib in the mid-1970’s before the couple moved from Palestinian-occupied territory to live in the United States permanently.
Rashida Tlaib has the same married name as her mother’s maiden name. It has been confirmed that Rashida’s ex-husband, Fayez Tlaib, is related to her mother, which explains the shared last name.
Tlaib’s mother reportedly visits her relatives in the village of Beit Ur al-Fauqa regularly, though Tlaib herself has not been there since 2006.
The freshman member of Congress has been riddled with scandal since her election in November. She infamously declared after winning her race that she was headed to Washington, D.C., to “impeach the motherf*****,” referring to President Donald J. Trump.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 36.454384
Retrieved Text: Menaye Donkor, is the lovely and beautiful wife of Ghanaian international footballer, Sulley Muntari. Many at times, she has been using her maiden name, instead of her husband’s name.
Responding to a question why she is always seen using her maiden name, she said that, “…, it is my brand. I don’t want to kill the brand. I’m Mrs. Muntari, the Menaye brand took a long time for me to build it as an independent woman”.
She went further to explain that the Muntari name is also part of her name whiles emphasizing that the Muntari name on its own also carries a huge brand, even more than hers.
She claims most people tend to forget she is married to Sulley Muntari due to the nature of her work.
So basically, it is not that she is neglecting her husband’s name as many ladies are now doing but it is because of what she does.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 36.08012
Retrieved Text: Problem i have is i don't have a marraige name only her birth details.
so i need to go through all the newspaper obituaries or try to find the possible story surrounding her death.
I know i can't get her marraige name due to the 100 yr closure just scrapped through with her birth.
I have had help from canadians in chat and they have been brilliant but this will be a very time consuming operation.
she was Honour Millicent Florence (marraige unknown) Nee Ender b 21st December 1932 Quebec Died 22nd November 2000 Quebec. i know she married and had 1 daughter from the marraige but then she lived with someone and had many more children exact number unknown.
i am looking for the quebec news archives that will give me the November to December 2000 obituaries or news story if any exist.
Are you talking about Quebec City or the entire province of Quebec.
(Bannantyne Suite) 5440 Apt 14.
married women in Quebec before 1981 could use their husbands surname but there legal name remained their maiden name. After 1981, the married name was the name used on all legal documents including hospital records/deaths/etc. You may find her death/obituary under Ender or her other name or combination of both.
My mother in law, born 1930, used her husbands surname for everyday matters and correspondence, etc. All hospital records/nursing home records/ pension records from the province of Quebec/death registration were in her maiden name. All pension records from the federal government were in her married surname. The name on her headstone is her married

########
Rank: 10
Score: 35.864674
Retrieved Text: Ivana Trump, who provided the final punchline to The First Wives’ Club – “Remember girls, don’t get mad … get everything! – can’t wait to get married again.
“I’ve had some practices at this, but it feels right,” the socialite, 58, told PEOPLE Monday night at a Manhattan party to mark her engagement to her boyfriend of six years, Italian actor Rossano Rubicondi, 35.
The Czech-born Trump (whose maiden name was Zelnéckové) first became an American household name in 1992, when she famously divorced Donald Trump after he strayed with actress Marla Maples.
As for Ivana’s previous unions: despite some reports, a spokeswoman says Trump never was married to childhood sweetheart George Syrovatka. But, for sure, she married Donald Trump in 1977. Shortly after their divorce, she wed Riccardo Mazzucchelli in a marriage that lasted less than two years.
Mutual friends introduced her to Rubicondi. “We are good for each other,” she says.
“They will get married this spring at Mar-a-Lago,” said Saxton, referring to Ivana and Rossano.
Ivana’s ex also approves. “Donald is very happy about the whole situation,” says the bride-to-be. It was only on Monday that Rubicondi met The Apprentice star for the first time. “He was very kind to me and wished me the best,” said Rubicondi .

########
Rank: 11
Score: 35.793854
Retrieved Text: Hi Phyll Both your records seem to be right, Emily Gee must have married Edward Gee he must have been a relitive because her name was Gee before she married and had Bertha, and then married my grandad in 1919. I remember that my dad had a step sister.
R I P Steve the world is a much poorer place with your passing.
Just adding to my request. My Granddads name was Henry Smith and his wife was Emily ( maiden name was Gee) before she was married she lived in Herbert Street Sutton, St Helens.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 35.624485
Retrieved Text: After nearly fifty years of persevering with a life under her husband’s surname, 75-year-old Kyoko Tsukamoto is taking the Japanese government to court so that she can at least bear her own name when she dies.
“My husband and I still love each other, but this and the issue of Tsukamoto are different,” she said.
The former teacher uses her maiden name, but due to Japanese civil law requirements she had to take her husband’s name when she married to make the union legal.
But debate over the surname issue, long a sore point with some women, has heated up as more women stay in jobs after marriage and juggle two names — their maiden name at work and their registered name on legal documents.
“I thought that I would get used to my husband’s name, but I could not, and a sense of loss grew inside me,” Tsukamoto said.
Tsukamoto is one of five people planning to file a lawsuit against the government and local authorities as early as February, saying the civil code that requires married couples to register under the same surname violates equal rights among married couples, as well as personal rights.
The rule is tied to Japan’s traditional concept of the family, which in the past ensured that property, businesses, and surnames were passed on to men within the family unit.
Some say it is outdated. In certain cases, couples repeat marriages and divorces between each other to avoid having to register their children as out of wedlock births, partly because the civil code limits inheritance rights for

########
Rank: 13
Score: 35.613976
Retrieved Text: Marie-France uses her own name, and we’ve been married for more than twenty years. It is common and fully accepted here in France. Just tell people, “Je garde l’usage de mon nom de jeune fille.” She still gets some mail as Mrs. Me, and I even get some mail as Mr. Her, but in general things work out quite well.
Cool. Thanks for sharing your experience, that’s really helpful.
In Italy it is expected that a woman keep her surname after marriage, which is exactly what my Aunt has done.
When she comes back to the UK the expectation is reversed, and people – including members of our family – refer to her with her husband’s surname.
I wasn’t aware of that Italian custom, but I like it. Maybe I should move to Italy! Just out of curiosity, do you know if children then take both last names of their parents, or one or the other?
By law, children have to take on the last name of the father. Italians don’t double-barrel their names either, so the wife/mother’s surname can’t be carried through to the next generation.
The “problems caused by Italian laws and women keeping their name” I mentioned is that mothers would like their children to take on their name. I understand this is an important topic in Italy.
That’s very interesting. I wonder how this will resolve.
My name is Geoff Foster, and my spouse is Katherine (really Katarzyna) Samuelowicz. No problem so far; but when, nineteen years ago, we went to register the birth of our son, we were told,

########
Rank: 14
Score: 35.52392
Retrieved Text: Yea! I finally figured this one out. A great picture from gretacarbo on eBay for any interested parties. A name, a location, and a relatively easy to date photo – but it still took some time. I guessed correctly that Lampo was a maiden name and Rowland a married name. But on an initial look, no documents came up that I could link directly to Lizzie. This was partly because of the many spellings of Lampo (Lamps/Sampo/Lampu)! Finally I found an 1889 marriage record between Elizabeth Lampo and E. W. Rowland in Newton County, MO – the same county Neosho is in. This was her. But I still couldn’t find her with parents.
Next step was the MO death records. I found one Lampo that could be a relative, Barbara Lampo, born in 1832, died in Newton County in 1919. Wife of Lewis Lampo – possible parents for sure. Barbara and Lewis lived in Pennsylvania initially. The 1880 census showed no child named Elizabeth. Bummer, but I kept looking, now in PA instead of MO. Now that I had a possible first name for mom and dad I could take into account all the other spellings of Lampo. I did find Elizabeth with her parents in 1860 and 1870 in PA. I’m still not sure where she was in 1880 before she married in 1889. Barbara also lived in Newton County, MO later as a widow with several other daugthers.
Elizabeth/Lizzie Lampo was born in PA in 1858. She appeared to be the first child of Barbara and

########
Rank: 15
Score: 35.484337
Retrieved Text: Dr Emma Page graduated in Chemistry from the University of Oxford after which she qualified as a chartered accountant. She was a partner in the London office of PwC (under her maiden name, Emma Lubbock) and was elected a member of the council of the Association of Corporate Treasurers. She spent her last two years with PwC living in Mumbai, India. Emma is a trustee of the New Forest Ninth Centenary Trust, a charity which runs an accredited museum. In her doctoral research at Oxford, she worked on aspects of eighteenth-century social history of the New Forest and Isle of Wight. She is married with two adult children.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 35.326485
Retrieved Text: See Lee was born in Thaj Thoos, Loom Heej province, Laos, around 1920. She is a Blue Hmong. She did not attend school. Her maiden clan name is Lee and she married into the Yang clan. She married her husband when she was sixteen and they had seven children; her husband was still living at the time of the interview. They immigrated to the U.S. in 1980.
On the eleventh day, we boarded a jet destined for America. Coming to America The Journey Family, Refugee Camps, Travel to U.S.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 35.13372
Retrieved Text: In 1850, Fenacy is enumerated in the home of her brother Daniel withhis wife Mary in Hall County, Georgia. She is 65 years old, andreported under her maiden name. This probably means she nver married.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 35.13096
Retrieved Text: Dorothy Eaton (? - probably no later than 1624) was a passenger on the Mayflower in 1620. She was John Carver's maidservant. Her maiden name is unknown. William Bradford wrote of Carver's maidservant, "[she] married, and died a year or two after here in this place." She may have been Francis Eaton's second wife. A 1626 apprenticeship record from Bristol, England, mentions Francis Eaton, carpenter in New England, and his wife Dorothy.
This page was last changed on 20 June 2013, at 10:31.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 35.10949
Retrieved Text: My Grandmother was part Cherokee. Her maiden name was Ocie Lowry. She was born in Alabama in 1872 to William Hollis Lowry and Margaret Francis Lowry. She married my Grandfather James Andrew Wilson and lived in Tennessee, Alabama and Texas.
I am looking to find further information on an Ella Wilson, possibly Pawnee but on the Cherokee reservations we believe in Oklahoma, she had a daughter, my 2xgreat grandmother whom she also named Ella, (her Christian last name was Hensley, she married a Chunn in 1897).
How did my Cherokee great great grandfather get the last name of Darnell?
Looking for anyone who may have info about Martha Ola or Ola Martha Smith who married Fred Wilson, possible birth place in NC or SC, date of birth on grave marker 15 Jan 1902 died 7 Feb 1975.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 34.880497
Retrieved Text: Keeping his Name, despite the Divorce.
Camille Grammer the star of The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills and Kelsey Grammer's ex-wife is reported to have said on CNN during her Oscar coverage that she would be keeping the last name of Grammer. Many women keep their ex-husband's last name despite given the option in the go back to their maiden name, or even change their name entirely (if they want) for free in the divorce decree. Some of the reasons sited by our women clients are professional name recognition they've earned while married, or the last name is better then their maiden name. The most common reason why women keep their ex-husband's last name is the same reason Ms. Grammer gave which was, she has children and their last name is Grammer. For younger children a mother's name change can be confusing. But each family and child should be analyzed differently. However, if Ms. Grammer chooses to change her name later she's lost the right to a free name change (since her divorce is final and absent a new marriage) and would have to pay to rid herself of her of the Grammer name.
What do you think? Did you change your name after a divorce or would you? We want to know.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 34.838005
Retrieved Text: Leland is using Smore newsletters to spread the word online.
Born Harlean Carpenter in Kansas City, Missouri, March 3, 1937. She later moved to Los Angeles with her mom as a child after her parents separated. Harlean took her mother's maiden name, Jean Harlow, which later became her stage name. When she turned 16, she married Charles McGrew, a young bond broker. Their marriage ended after she decided to pursue an acting career.
Jean was the original "Blonde Bombshell" who wore white satin gowns, red lips, and the blond hair. Moviegoers loved her famous movie line, "Would you be shocked if I changed into something more comfortable?" in her breakout film, "Hell's Angels". She starred in 36 movies, and made it on the cover of LIFE magazine, a first for any movie actress. Harlow was simply known as "the babe" because of her sweet personality.
Later on, Jean was suffering from kidney failure. She was sent to the hospital June 6, 1937. William Powell, an actor she had met after her third marriage could no longer see Jean had difficulties breathing and slipped into a coma. All of the efforts put in, she died at the age of 26 June 6, 1937.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 34.821945
Retrieved Text: Hi, I'm researching relative Henry Ridley, born Horne Surrey 1719. We know he married Alice, born c 1736, but we are having no luck finding her maiden name, or when they were married.
Thanks Maylon, yes got his children, but wondered whether he married away from Surrey.
Could the marriage have taken place in a non-conformist church?
Where did you get Alice's birth year info? It seems improbable, in view of the fact that she gave birth in 1747 (according to the tree on familysearch) Or was it a 'typo' on your part?
Just can't find Alice's maiden name!

########
Rank: 23
Score: 34.798424
Retrieved Text: Which Bathory Branch Was Elizabeth Bathory, Countess of the Blood From?
In Transylvania there was a woman who became far more deadly than Vlad Tepes. She was married to a minor prince and as such kept her maiden name-- Bathory. However she was part of a greater clan, the Bathory clan which ruled within Transylvania. This was a powerful clan for many years. Yet, it was divided into two groups: Báthory of Somlyó and Báthory of Ecsed. These were the sons of Briccius.
Which clan was Elizabeth found in?
Her father was George VI, and he was a descendant of Luke, who was the founder of the Bathory of Ecsed clan. She was also a Protestant. This information helps us understand the clan's history with the Hapsburgs as well. The the King of Hungary wanted to put her on trial, but his advisers did not want to do that for fear of angering the Hungarian nobility.
This is a photo of one of her many castles. It is in Transylvania and is in a protected park because much of the vegetation is threatened. As with anything to do with Transylvania, many books have been written about this woman.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 34.772358
Retrieved Text: Richmal Crompton Lamburn (1890-1969), the daughter of a schoolteacher-curate, went to a Derbyshire boarding school, to which she returned as a teacher in 1914 after having read Classics at Royal Holloway College. She then moved to Kent to live near her married sister and was a much-loved Classics mistress at Bromley High School. She published her first short story in 1918 (using her mother’s maiden name); after polio left her lame she became a writer full time. The first of the popular William books appeared in 1922. For the next 45 years she was always at work on two books simultaneously, one for children (generally a William book) and one for adults. In Richmal Crompton’s lifetime thirty collections of William stories sold over eight million copies; but she once hinted that her ‘Frankenstein’s Monster’ had ambushed recognition for her forty serious novels, of which Family Roundabout (1948) is perhaps the best.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 34.76073
Retrieved Text: Louisa McIntire was born in Indiana on 25 Jul 1865 and died in Micola, Missouri on 4 Jan 1932. She was buried in Little Prairie Cemetery in Caruthersville, Missouri.
1. Her full maiden name was Hethelda Louisa Williamson (Hethelda after her maternal grandmother, Hethelda Irwin Prather).
3. She was the daughter of Randolph Williamson and Minerva Jane Prather.
4. She was first married to Leroy Fields on 30 Oct 1886 in Daviess Co., IN. He died on 21 Jan 1888 in Daviess Co., IN.
5. Her second marriage was to my great-grandfather, William McIntire, on 13 Aug 1890 in Daviess Co., IN. He died on 23 Jun 1897 in Daviess Co., IN. She never married again.
6. She had three daughters: Lula McIntire Franklin (Fred and Lula Franklin are also buried in Little Prairie), Minta McIntire Wicker, and my grandmother, Olive Myrtle McIntire Tallent.
7. Louisa Williamson McIntire died on 4 Jan 1932 in Micola, Pemiscot, MO. The State of Missouri claims to have no record of her death.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 34.64534
Retrieved Text: Naming customs in Spanish-speaking countries differ from the U.S. custom of first name, middle name(s) and a single surname. In Spanish-speaking countries, a man ordinarily uses his given name(s) with his father's surname, followed by his mother's maiden surname.
An unmarried woman may use her given name(s) with only her father's surname.
She may use her given name(s) with her father's surname, followed by her mother's maiden surname.
A married woman in Spanish-speaking countries may use her maiden surname (her father's surname), her maiden surname followed by her husband's surname (his father's surname), or her maiden surname followed by "de" and her husband's surname.
Note that all 3 of the above names could be used by the same woman.
Some persons may have compound middle names, such as DE JESUS, DE MARIO, DE LOS ANGELES, DE LA CRUZ, etc.
NOTE: A family of Spanish-speaking clients may be in some stage of transition between Spanish and U.S. custom with respect to the way they show their names.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 34.495308
Retrieved Text: Search Results For 'sandra model'.
Who is Sandra Copeland? Sandra Copeland is the nameof the first wife of evangelist Kenneth Copeland, and the mother of his elder daughter, Terri Copeland Pearsons. I don't know what her maiden name was, nor do I know when she married Kenneth or how long they were married. I do know they were divorced for some time before K…enneth met Gloria Copeland, his wife of over 40 years, and long before he committed his life to God and entered the ministry. The last I knew Sandra was still living, but had been ill. I do not know if she ever remarried after her divorce from Kenneth Copeland, but I do know she is not a secret to anyone who knows the ministry at all, and that Terri has maintained an open relationship with her mother as an adult.
He had a day care center. He sold trailers for hauling stuff.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 34.432785
Retrieved Text: I am looking for an old friend her maiden name was Joan Wood She used to live in Nottingham in a flat at Riseholm in Sherwood rise. She married a R.A.F. man and had a daughter by the name of Sarah Last known telephone # burton on trent 42677.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 34.40736
Retrieved Text: Madeleine Pickens has stepped forward, along with her husband T. Boone Pickens, to save thousands of wild horses from death.
Not for the first time, she has proved she is the coolest billionaire in America. Her previous actions rescued homeless pets from the Hurricane Katrina disaster.
Gorgeous. Generous. Principled. Cow, and indeed, all the Land of Topiary, is now officially a fan of Madeleine Pickens.
She sounds like a fine woman, but perhaps she should have kept her maiden name.
Her hubs was on Jon Stewart the other night. Good interview.
We need more pictures of her.
Gorilla: an exhaustive (well, Cow is exhausted, anyway)search failed to reveal Ms. Madeleine P's maiden name.
So give. What is it? Bananas? Congo? Gorilla? Enquiring Cow wants to know.
Sandi, Cow is sorry she missed it.
Dog, a second photo of the lovely horse-rescuer has been added, just for your canine delectation.

================



======= Instance Index 87 =========
Input Text: The word "cross" has multiple meanings. Does it have the same meaning in sentences 1 and 2? Yes or no?

Sentence 1: A mule is a cross between a horse and a donkey.
Sentence 2: That is his cross to bear.

Target Text: No

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 42.517044
Retrieved Text: The Kilmarnock 'Friend for Life' Rehoming Scheme offers some of our horses, ponies and donkeys a chance to enjoy their lives in a new and loving home.
At Kilmarnock Horse Rescue and Rehoming, we are very careful to ensure that we find the right homes for our rescued equines. We therefore kindly ask you to complete the on line application form so that we can assess your application in accordance with our rehoming criteria.
Whilst we mainly rehome in Sussex, Surrey, Kent, Hampshire and the South East, we would not refuse an application based upon location if we felt that the home was right for the animal concerned.
Please read the Terms and Conditions within our sample Rehoming Agreement below before making your Rehoming application.
All successful rehoming applicants will be required to sign a similar agreement.
•Kilmarnock Horse Rescue has agreed to place a horse/pony/donkey/mule with the Fosterer.
•The parties have agreed to enter into this Agreement to regulate the Placement relationship.
•The welfare, safety and wellbeing of the horse/pony/donkey/mule are PARAMOUNT at all times.
•Kilmarnock Horse Rescue will place the horse/pony/donkey/mule specified in Schedule 1 with the Fosterer. The horse/pony/donkey/mule will be used only for the purpose set out in Schedule 1 and the Fosterer shall not use, nor permit the horse/pony/donkey/mule to be used, for any other purpose whatsoever during the period of the Placement without the express permission of Kilmarnock Horse Rescue.
•Kilmarnock Horse Rescue shall retain legal ownership of the horse/pony/donkey/mule specified in schedule 1.
•The Placement shall commence on [ .20 ]/ the date hereof and continue until brought to

########
Rank: 1
Score: 41.58502
Retrieved Text: For most individuals, the donkey and the mule are practically one and the same animal. Both are four-legged, both are horse-like, and both have the same behavioral mannerisms of regular full-sized horse species. In essence, it would be no different than coming across a purebred dog and a hybrid dog as both would still be classified under the umbrella term of dog. However, what most people are unaware of is that the donkey and mule are quite different, both in their anatomical and physiological makeup. In this article, we are going to outline the various differences between the two and how you can go about identifying them.
Donkeys, also known by their scientific name Equus ferus caballus, have a history that can be traced back to 3,000 BCE and is characterized by its long ears with darkened edges, wide eyes thin limbs, narrow hooves, and a short face. Typically speaking, the donkey is used as a drought animal in developing countries, whereas, a mule is used for traveling over rugged terrains. The mule is a hybrid breed that comes from mixing a female horse and a male donkey is characterized by its wide eyes and long ears but does not have the darkened tips and sports a long face, harder hooves, and a large muzzle. In addition to this, a mule will have a slightly curved back, whereas, a donkey will have a dorsal line and a minimal mane.
What’s the Difference Between Height, Weight, Age, and Genetics?
When we take a look at the height and weight, the

########
Rank: 2
Score: 39.15303
Retrieved Text: The exact origin of the Mule is unknown. It is thought that the first Mules may have come from Paphlagonia and Nicaea, in modern day Turkey although Mules were also in Egypt since 3000 BCE. They are a very old breed!
Mules are the deliberate cross of a female horse and a male donkey. It is also possible to create a Hinny, which is a cross of a male horse and a female donkey. For a variety of reasons, mules are more common than Hinnys. Both Mules and Hinnys are largely infertile, meaning they cannot produce offspring and there are no purebred Mules or Hinnys. In rare cases, female Mules and Hinnys have been successfully bred with a male horse or male donkey, but all male Mules and Hinnys are infertile as well as the overwhelming majority of females.
Mules can be any size, but their size largely depends on the breed of their mother.
The breed was used primarily for mining and work purposes. The Mule's were used to carry carts in mines and through towns because of their strong frame and pulling power. Mules have stronger pulling power for their size than horses do, making them an idea candidate for pack animals.
Mules were considered a great tool to have throughout history. Lafayette of France sent George Washington a male donkey as a gift which Washington bred to his famous Andalusians horses to create the start of the "American Mammoth Jackstock". Mules were part of the American Westward Expansion, as well as the American Civil War, World War

########
Rank: 3
Score: 37.582413
Retrieved Text: If you prefer a more traditional type of moving around you can experience Horse , Donkey and Mule riding in Cyclades. We arrange for you ridings with horse ,donkey or mule around Santorini. You can visit Ancient Thira, beaches and any destination you want.
A truly memorable experience that you will always remember!!

########
Rank: 4
Score: 36.436443
Retrieved Text: If you live to ride and like to stand out in a crowd, try a mule! For riding or for your hobby farm, mules can do anything horses can do (and often better).
Do you love to compete in equine competitions?
Then consider this: Mules can be shown at standard horse shows and dressage and driving events, but they’re also eligible to compete at hundreds of donkey and mule specialty shows staged in North America every year.
Surefooted, steady mules also excel at trail riding, be it for pleasure or in sanctioned competitive and endurance events.
The one thing mules don’t normally do: Reproduce.
This is because they are hybrids sired by jacks (male donkeys), while their mamas are mares (female horses).
Snowy, a donkey jack or a mule’s father, makes friends with young Graham. Snowy shares the Mattrick Family’s small New Hampshire farm with a flock of Shetland sheep, a dozen chickens and other critters.
Although Judaic law prohibits the breeding of mules, the ancient Hebrews bought and used them extensively. Mules are frequently referred to in the Old Testament of the Bible, particularly as the mounts of nobles and kings.
Many ancient authors including Homer, Xenophon, Columella, Aristotle and Pliny the Elder rhapsodized about mules in their writings.
Our first President, George Washington, is the father of the American mule. He so admired mules that imported two fine jacks, Royal Gift and Knight of Malta, to sire mules for his estate at Mount Vernon.
Between the Civil War and World War II, Army mules were an integral part of America’s military forces.
When a stallion

########
Rank: 5
Score: 35.228165
Retrieved Text: Mules get their athletic ability from the horse, while strength and intelligence come from the donkey. Longears comply when it feels good and is safe to do so. More recently, however, the donkey has found its way into more affluent circles as an excellent family pet and a good-natured saddle mount. If only a mule could talk, most people would be surprised at how smart they really are! But maybe the mule isn't stubborn, just single-minded. When the combustion engine replaced cavalry horses, the mule also went. Both ears pinned back, means a violent reaction can be expected, most likely a bite or kick.
It also a type of hybrid and is a product of female horse and a male donkey. June , Frederick, MD Whether you want to learn how to grow and raise your own food, build your own root cellar, or create a green dream home, come out and learn everything you need to know — and then some! The maximum weight a horse or mule can carry will depend on a lot of variables. Exposure to equines inspires people about life and exotic hybrids bred from mules and donkeys command even more attention to these types of animals and the lifestyle they represent. Having originally evolved in dry, harsh climates, donkeys can thrive on a simple diet. Many will pull backward.
It came into usage in the Western United States. Take a look at the following articles:. No matter what the man did, the mule stood rock-still. According to witnesses, the jack's handler drove

########
Rank: 6
Score: 35.13529
Retrieved Text: In an emergency it is permitted to draw or tow one other motor vehicle, which is not a trailer, and a trailer.
The driver/rider of a vehicle shall not cross a public road unless the road is clear of moving traffic for a sufficient distance to allow him or her to cross the road without obstructing or endangering any traffic.
The driver/rider of a vehicle shall not enter a public road unless he or she can do so with safety to himself or herself and other traffic.
• at the request or on the signal of a person leading or driving any bovine animal, horse, donkey, mule, sheep, goat, pig or ostrich on the road.
• when animals are seen crossing a road and driver/rider may only move when all the animals have crossed and the road is safe to continue driving.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 35.03513
Retrieved Text: Update as of release 1.8: Baby animals grow into full sized animals after twenty minutes (one game day, beds notwithstanding). Their growth can slowly be accelerated using the animal's breeding item, where each use takes 10% off the remaining time to grow up.... 8/08/2013�� I've had this happen with horses on my res. Make sure you didn't miss its tameing by hitting e on the horse, if you can't open inventory and it just won't tame eggify it, respawn it and feed it GE sugar to make it grow super fast then attempt tameing again.
8/08/2013�� I've had this happen with horses on my res. Make sure you didn't miss its tameing by hitting e on the horse, if you can't open inventory and it just won't tame eggify it, respawn it and feed it GE sugar to make it grow super fast then attempt tameing again.
If you use a horse and a donkey to bread horses in Minecraft, you will get a mule. And you can�t use the mule to breed. And you can�t use the mule to breed. When you breed horse, you will get a baby horse with a random pattern.
Astikoor is a fairly simple Minecraft mod that�s been designed to add horse carts into the game and, while horse carts might not seem like that big of a deal at first, they�re actually extremely useful and can add quite a lot of convenience to the gameplay.
Hello, this my first tutorial on how to get Mules in Minecraft 1.8 Bountiful Update *note* Mules are

########
Rank: 8
Score: 34.999973
Retrieved Text: noun - The uncastrated adult male of domestic cattle.
noun - The ferret is the domesticated form of the European Polecat.
noun - A young cow, especially one that has not yet given birth to a calf.
noun - A hinny is a domestic equine hybrid that is the offspring of a male horse and a female donkey.
noun - A mule is the offspring of a male donkey and a female horse.
noun - a young ox, especially one castrated before sexual maturity and raised for beef.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 34.3466
Retrieved Text: Made by Dakota Saddlery in Alabama. They are known for making quality saddles and other tack at affordable prices.
Made to fit a mule as opposed to a horse. While a mule is half horse (a mule is a cross between a male donkey and a female horse) their conformation is typically different, including through the back where the saddle rests.
Below are Dakota mule saddles for sale.
Below: A guide in the Grand Canyon National Park leads riders up Heartbreak Hill, a steep portion of the Bright Angel Trail. The guide and riders are all riding mules, which are often prized for their sure-footedness and endurance in rough terrain.
Photo by the National Park Service. Public domain image.
saddle they carry is in stock and ships the same day.
Most of the saddles shown are new, but some might be used.
Shipping is almost always included in the price for locations in the continental USA.
Some saddles by HorseSaddleShop are listed twice. Why? It’s because HorseSaddleShop is one business (located in Bremen, Indiana), with two websites (HorseSaddleShop.com and eSaddles.com), and they often show the same saddle on both websites. In case one website would have a better deal on a saddle, saddles from both websites are shown.
In the past we’ve noticed only the occasional Dakota mule saddle on eBay. If they have any, they can be seen below along with other saddles.
The Bright Angel Trail is a hiking and riding trail in the United States that descends 4,380 feet into the Grand Canyon. It is just shy of eight miles long, or 10

########
Rank: 10
Score: 34.25612
Retrieved Text: I went all in when I decided to learn how to make a Moscow Mule. I bought the proper Moscow Mule Copper Mug off of Amazon and got all of the ingredients ready. Can I admit I went into making this Moscow Mule with a lot of excitement and trepidation at the same time.
Artificial Selection Achievement in Minecraft: Breed a mule from a horse and a donkey - worth 30 GamerScore. Find guides to this achievement here. Find guides to this achievement here.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 34.191074
Retrieved Text: For years Meredith Hodges has remained committed to her mission to foster the public’s interest in mules and donkeys and broaden our understanding of these wonderful animals. Her dedication has brought recognition in many forms. Meredith’s many productions of Those Magnificent Mules, Training Mules and Donkeys, and the Jasper series have received 20 Telly awards, five Vision awards, and multiple publishing awards and recognitions. Below is a timeline of some of the many awards and acknowledgments Meredith has received.
1986 – Meredith establishes the Colorado Mule & Donkey Society.
1986 – Meredith gives a presentation entitled, “Mules in Dressage” to the United States Dressage Federation in Houston, Texas. Mules are accepted nationally at non-AHSA shows and competitions.
1988 – Three of Meredith’s mules march in the Tournament of Roses Parade in Pasadena, CA.
1991 – Lucky Three Ciji is International Side Saddle Organization All-Around Champion.
1991 – Meredith rides Little Jack Horner to jump over four feet in exhibition at Bishop Mule Days, setting the world record. Little Jack Horner becomes the world’s first Formal Jumping Donkey.
1992, 1993 – Meredith rides Lucky Three Sundowner to two World Championships at Third Level Dressage.
1992 – Lucky Three Ciji is named Reserve International Side Saddle Organization All-Around Champion.
1993 – Lucky Three Mae Bea C.T. takes first place in the Novice Division at the Abbe Ranch Horse Trials in competition with 56 horses.
1993 – Meredith rides Lucky Three Mae Bea C.T. in the Presidential Inaugural Parade in Washington, D.C.
1997 – Meredith is awarded the Lifetime Achievement Award by the North American Saddle Mule Association.
1998 –

########
Rank: 12
Score: 34.172905
Retrieved Text: 14th century depiction of Zhang Guolao and his magic mule, ink and colour on silk, from The Metropolitan Museum of Art.
Zhang Guolao was one of the Eight Immortals – a group of legendary xian in Chinese mythology (xian means an enlightened person, someone who is spiritually and / or physically immortal). They are believed to know the secrets of nature and each represents male, female, the old, the young, the rich, the noble, the poor, and the humble Chinese.
Old Age, Zhang Guolao, is one of the Immortals who actually existed as an historical figure somewhere in the seventh or eighth century. He is often depicted on board his white mule, with whom he could cover as much as 300 miles (a thousand li) in one day. When he was done, he could just fold his mule up and put it in his pocket or inside a gourd – to regain the mule’s true form, all he had to do was sprinkle water on it. Another story suggests that it was wine which caused the mule to change form; an unnamed emperor once rewarded the mule with wine after it performed a wonderful back-up, and it promptly turned into paper.
One legend says how Zhang Gulao and his mule came across a cauldron of stew cooking in an abandoned monastery. They both devoured it only to discover that it was in fact a rare immortality potion being brewed by a local adept – so both Zhang Gulao, and his mule, are divine. Another origin story claims that the

########
Rank: 13
Score: 33.986736
Retrieved Text: The aim of this study was to assess the effects of diarrhea on hematocrit and various serum biochemical parameters (serum electrolytes, trace and ultra-trace elements) in foals. A total of 105 diarrheic foals (n = 35 horse foals, n = 35 donkey foals, and n = 35 mule foals) were selected regardless of their etiologies. Additionally, 12 healthy foals (n = 4 horse foals, n = 4 donkey foals, and n = 4 mule foals) as control animals were selected for this study. Packed cell volume (PCV) and serum electrolytes, trace and ultra-trace elements were measured in both groups (diarrheic and healthy). The results showed significant (p< 0.05) increase of PCV% in diarrheic foals of all species. The sodium, calcium, copper, iron and lithium concentrations significantly (p < 0.05) decreased while the potassium concentration significantly (p < 0.05) increased in diarrheic foals. Hence, this can be concluded that diarrhea in foals have significant correlation with PCV, serum electrolytes, and trace and ultra-trace elements.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 33.877354
Retrieved Text: April is National Poetry Month. Today I want to issue a challenge to post a donkey or mule (or horse) poem here in the comments, written by yourself or another poet. When I host Writing with the Herd here, I find snippets, poems and sections of writing to be jumping-off topics for writing practice. Many wonderful horse poems exist, but I have not been able to find resonant donkey poems. I would love to see some!!!
This month I challenge you to write a long-ear villanelle, a hee-haw haiku, a sonnet for a jennet, Burros by Basho, a mule ghazal, a paint pantoum, a poitou prose poem, free-roaming free verse, asinine rhyme, a molly melody or a burro ballad. Please share in the comments and attribute the author.
I mention several verse forms. Form is a simple way to create a structure for myself—clear and kind directives to alleviate anxiety in the poet, horse or donkey. Rhyme and repetition in many of the forms can also help to guide a frisky mind. The easiest form is the acrostic in which you spell a word down the page, using each letter to form words which will join up to create an acrostic poem! The other forms can be looked up by search engine. Have fun.
Here is my poem which is a sonnet. Many of the lines came from Writing with the Herd. Next gathering is April 30 from 10 to 12:30 and will include drumming and writing. See Events Page for more information.
A balm, a tongue, a gong for

########
Rank: 15
Score: 33.771362
Retrieved Text: If you or a loved one were injured in Georgia while riding a horse or other equine animal, you may be entitled to money for pain and suffering, past medical bills, future medical bills and other damages. Call Georgia horseback riding injury lawyer Jordan Jewkes for a free consultation at 770-771-5130. Georgia law provides certain conditions which allow you to make a claim in Georgia for injuries caused by a horse, donkey, or other equine. “Equine” means a horse, pony, mule, or donkey.
What type of equine injuries can someone have in Georgia?
We can handle all types of equine injury cases throughout Georgia! This includes: Atlanta equine accidents, Georgia horse accident lawyer, Horseback riding accident in Atlanta, Georgia horseback riding accident attorney, Fulton County horse fall accident, Lawyers for victim of horseback riding injury in Georgia, Alpharetta, Horse Farm, Senoia, Peachtree City, and Horse Injury.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 33.35213
Retrieved Text: Steve Edwards offers clinics on understanding and training mules, donkeys and their owners. With the focus on partnership with the mule, he teaches people how to drive wagons, pack mules, and trail ride.
A lot of old cowboys hav e said that the best thing to ride, especially in rough country, is a mule. Steve spent time studying mules and found that there are significant differences between horses and mules. His Arizona ranch borders the Superstition Wilderness. It is extremely rough country with lots of canyons and rocks, with only a few maintained trails. It is a great place to watch a mule work. A mule is very sure-footed. When he puts his foot down, it is right where he wants it. As water is scarce in this area, a mule is preferable to a horse because a mule can go all day without water. Maintaining a mule is less expensive. You can feed two mules for what it takes to feed one horse. Mules are more tolerant of the heat and they rarely develop colic.
Mules are very intelligent. Once a particular training technique has been used on a mule three times, the mule understands what it is he is supposed to do. Mules get their natural abilities from the donkey.
Most of Steve’s mule education was from the school of hard knocks, and listening to wiser men. He learned a great deal from fellow cowboys like Tom Dorrance, Delos Burke, Nick West and Bud Brown.
Packing for the Park Services in Yosemite National Park.
Packing for the National Forest

########
Rank: 17
Score: 33.301437
Retrieved Text: Sometimes a man can be as stubborn as his mule.
A good example is Greg Gehrman, owner of Winsted Hardware, who rides his mule, Kate, with a group of horsemen called the Caballeros Del Norte (Riders of the North).
He has taken a lot of razzing and there was some disapproval from a few of the club members about Kate, but it hasn’t made Gehrman change his mind. He feels his mule is better equipped to handle the trails and gives an easier ride than any horse.
The Caballeros is an all-male group, with headquarters in Hinckley, Minn. It was started in 1953 by 23 Minnesota horsemen, and has grown to its limited membership of 150 active riders.
Gehrman enjoys the club’s diversity, the group’s camaraderie, and its history. He began bringing Kate to the annual spring and fall rides when he became a member in 1997.
Gehrman learned about the mule and its capabilities from his dad, Chuck, a veterinarian in Minnetonka, who really began the horse/mule controversy as a Caballero club member back in 1985, when he first brought his mule out for the annual rides.
Chuck had always owned a horse growing up on a family farm in Red Wing. He became a member of the Caballeros in 1976 when he was encouraged to join by a veterinarian classmate of his.
In 1985, because a back injury seemed to get worse from the jolting on horseback, Chuck got his first mule.
“Mules have a steady gate. They are great walkers and can walk all day long. They are a lot more

########
Rank: 18
Score: 32.51229
Retrieved Text: Do you show your mule, donkey or zebra hybrid at open shows? Have you "wowed 'em" at the local horse show when your mule took first in the trail class, or your donkey actually placed against horses in halter? Here is a way to be able to add a little extra to your long-ear's show record.
The Versatility Hall of Fame Award, and the accumulated Honor Rolls were designed to showcase the longeared equine. Points can be earned in a vast number of ways. The more you show off your animal, the more points you can accumulate.
There are awards for individual animal/handler combinations, Farms, and Youth. There are also additional awards for Driving and Merit of Breeding. The MOB awards allow the horse dam or sire or your mule or hinny, or the zebra parent of your hybrid to earn points through their offspring.
We will be posting the point sheets at a later date, but we request at this time if you are interested in enrolling your animal in the VHOF that you have the sheets sent to you. There is a $15.00 enrollment fee, and your animal MUST ALREADY BE REGISTERED in ADMS before you can begin earning points. You may enroll them at the same time you register them, but they cannot actually begin earning points until they are enrolled! Please keep this in mind before you take them to that next big show.
NO ENROLLMENT FORM NEEDED! Simply send the $15 (per animal, farm, or youth participant) to the ADMS office along with the name

########
Rank: 19
Score: 32.342102
Retrieved Text: Safe Riders Gear high viz reflective - neon chest collar enables your horse, mule or donkey to be seen by motorists and hunters in varied light settings during the day and night! Lightweight, adjustable and machine washable. Reversible yellow/orange color.
This chest plate was designed by an equestrian in Vermont to keep her mount safe during hunting season and riding roadside. Adjustable velcro closure in the front under the reflective diamond fabric allows for easy removal of tack while leaving the chest plate on the saddle or adjusting the size for a different mount. The breast/chest plate incorporates high visibility yellow for road riding with a blaze orange stripe at the shoulder point to be visible from side or front. Simply reverse the breast plate to solid hunter orange for use during hunting season riding.
The perfect high visibility safety solution for equestrians and their mount!
The Safe Riders Vest is a super lightweight vest with high visibility colors and reflective fabric. Highly adjustable with waist adjustment straps and two zippered front pockets to stow your stuff.
High visibility nose band enables your horse, mule or donkey to be seen by motorists and hunters in varied light settings during the day and night! ​Reversible with high visibility yellow with reflective fabric on one side and is solid hunter orange on the back side for hunting season riding.
​Learn how to mimic your horse's natural lifestyle. Get tips for introducing & incorporating free-choice forage & more.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 30.860003
Retrieved Text: The Himachal Pradesh government has revised the relief manual and increased the level of financial assistance provided to victims of natural calamities from 30 per cent to 50 per cent. Revenue minister Gulab Singh Thakur said that the government has increased the ex-gratia payment in the event of death in natural calamities from Rs 1 lakh to Rs 1.50 lakh and included bonafide Himachalis residing outside the state for providing relief. Earlier, the Himachalis living outside the state were not entitled to any such relief.
The state government has also included hailstorm in the category of natural disaster which would help farmers and fruit growers to a large extent as average 35 per cent of crops are damaged by hailstorms every year. Govt has also increased the relief money from Rs 35,000 to Rs 43,500 to victims in case of injury causing disability ranging between 40 and 80 per cent and in case the disability was more than 80 per cent, the relief amount will be Rs 62,000 instead of Rs 50,000.
Thakur said keeping in view the dependence of people on livestock and animals for agriculture and wool, the government has increased the relief for the loss of buffalo, ox, horse, mule, yak, camel, cross breed cow, local breed cow, donkey and Pasmia goat. He said in case of destruction of hutments, compensation of Rs 2,500 would be given to the affected family while a compensation of Rs 7,000 would be paid instead of Rs 3,000 to fishermen in case of damage to their boats.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 30.633453
Retrieved Text: ZELDA THE ZORSE. It turns out that this image is of Zelda, the zorse! We’ve all seen zebra horse crosses before… but what is unusual about Zelda is that she is one of only two known crosses with a Belgian and a Grevy’s zebra.... Eclyse the Zorse Big Gary forwarded me a link to this Yahoo News Photo of Eclyse, a zebra-horse hybrid housed at the Stukenbrock Safaripark in Germany. Big Gary had some doubts about whether this was a true hybrid, or a fake one (such as Tijuana Zebras -- donkeys that Tijuana street vendors paint to look like zebras so that tourists can pose with them).
'The zorse can be ridden like a horse but has the senses of a zebra. 'If a vet has a syringe in their pocket it will go mad even though it can't see it - a zebra will do that too.
Then use the Essence of Darkness on the Zorse to make a Bat Horse. Once above cloud level, give the Bat Horse the Essence of Light to form a Pegasus. Then breed another Zorse, give the Essence of Fire which forms a Nightmare. Then give the Essence of Light that forms a Unicorn. After all that, you give both Pegasus and Unicorn the Essence of Light which then gives you a Fairy Horse!
Zorse Zebra Zonkey Mule Dark Mule Donkey Pegasus Dark Pegasus Pusheen The Cat: mine just says there is no such id of 4146 bc there r spaces plz help some 1 Ariadna Trelska: Thx!!!
The zorse appears alongside

########
Rank: 22
Score: 30.62234
Retrieved Text: Morpurgo perfection. A donkey as fast as a racehorse? Only a magical garden gnome can make this wish come true… In Dublin, where horses run wild in the fields near the tower blocks, Jackie dreams of owning her own horse – the fastest in the world. But all she has is Gran’s old donkey, Barnaby. He’s not only slow, he’s as stubborn as a mule. Yet Jackie wishes Barnaby could run like a racehorse. And then a magical garden gnome, Mr Skip, grants her wish. Could Barnaby – ‘the Superdonk’ – really win the Irish Derby?
Michael Morpurgo is one of my favourite animal writers. He really goes into depth with the topic and I’m excited to read Singing for Mrs Pettigrew, which includes the meaning behind some of his stories!
this book is AMAZING and i absolutly Love It!!!!!!!!!!! It has homor and comedy in it and I could read it over and over and over again! I LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE IT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

########
Rank: 23
Score: 30.53256
Retrieved Text: Before last Saturday, the previous three weddings I'd attended were in Pakistan and India. You know the setup. Weddings that go on for days. Dancing that goes on late into the night. Gold jewelery and glittering precious stones practically lighting up the room. Women wearing more makeup than a corpse. Hordes of cousins and aunts and uncles and family friends and children dressed up in little suits. The bride and groom sitting patiently on a stage having their photo taken with never ending waves of relatives.
I'd never been to a wedding in the Southern U.S. before. When I found out that my peace studies classmates Jonathan and Diana were having a part of their wedding celebration in Atlanta, Georgia, I welcomed the chance to attend. Since Jonathan is from Atlanta, and Diana is from England, their marriage is a mixed marriage -- one of those where people think a little differently from each other beyond what color to paint the bedroom. The weddings in South Asia had been among identical couples -- the same religion, ethnicity, nationality, and socioeconomic class. Only the gender was different. Di and Jonathan are both Christians, and their education is naturally as close to the same as you're ever going to find, but here Di was marrying someone in whose church people speak in tongues. That's just not done in England.
The service was held in Jonathan's church. Near the church entry, scenes from their wedding proper in Oxford played on a couple of monitors. The back wall was dominated by a

########
Rank: 24
Score: 30.0132
Retrieved Text: Last year, British coins underwent their first major redesign since decimal coinage was introduced in 1971. The Royal Mint held a competition to design the new coins. The winning entry was by Matthew Dent, and features the Royal Shield split across all of the coins from the penny to the 50p so that they fit together like a jigsaw to reveal the whole image.
Perhaps it’s an indication of how little I use cash, but ever since the coins were first issued, I haven’t managed to collect a full set to put the jigsaw together. Today, I finally received change including the last missing coin: the 10 pence piece.
One thing I have noticed is that in official photos of the new coins, they don’t put the shield together properly. The Royal Mint’s own photo shows a slightly larger shield, formed by placing the coins further apart. While this still appears to be the correct shape for the shield, closer examination shows it is not quite right. The biggest clue is the second quarter, which shows the Scottish rampant lion. It is surrounded by a rectangular border (known in heraldic terms as a fleury-counter-fleury). In the Royal Mint’s arrangement, the edges of this border do not line up. To fit the image together properly, the coins must be touching, as in my photo. The three English lions are then equally spaced, and the Irish harp is slightly smaller. Quite why the Royal Mint display the coins like this I don’t know – I wonder if Matthew Dent has

########
Rank: 25
Score: 29.927954
Retrieved Text: This post is a little different, it is my contribution to an English mule blog.
A bit of a departure from the usual trail report, this is the story of Tobe & I.
Pat is an extremely talented tattoo artist and a mule rider, who blogs about her muleback adventures here. What a fantastic combination! I would thoroughly recommend checking her blog out, as it is wonderfully written and takes you along some great trails. She very kindly agreed to talk to me about her gorgeous mule, Tobe.
Tobe is a gaited 18 year old 16hh mule bred from a Rocky Mountain mare and a Spanish jack. He’s chocolate brown and in the winter is dappled but sheds out much darker in summer.
2. How did you meet him?
I knew I wanted a gaited mule, and there were few for sale in California. So I went to Kentucky where there was an auction at Murray State University offering 120+ mules, a dozen of which were gaited. I bought him there and had him shipped back to California.
3. What do you do with him, and what are your plans for the future?
We trail ride, and I archive many of our adventures in this blog : www.muletrail.com.
I participate in many group rides that give me the opportunity to explore Southern California, particularly the front country trails where having a sure-footed mule is far superior to having a horse. We also get to ride on some of the historic ranches, seeing privately owned areas where human impact is minimal.
Sometimes we do endurance rides,

########
Rank: 26
Score: 29.640486
Retrieved Text: "A wagon pulled by four mules, passing before a reviewing stand (not visible) on which President Harry S. Truman was sitting, during ceremonies marking the presence of President Truman in Bolivar, Missouri to dedicate a statue to Simon Bolivar (Rowe)."
Before railroads and before mechanization of agriculture, the state of Missouri was famous for breeding mules. It still is. And the people who live there are proud of it. Telling someone that he is stubborn as a Missouri mule is not paying him a compliment ... unless he is from Missouri.
President Franklin D. Roosevelt died in office and was succeeded by Vice President Harry Truman. Truman, who came from Missouri, was elected to his own term in 1948 and brought a four-mule hitch to his inaugural parade (Missouri Mule History).
A mule is a hybrid of a male donkey (a jackass) and a female draft horse (a mare). Mules have advantages over both parents. They are more sagacious, more disease resistant, and more efficient with regard to work produced in proportion to feed and water consumed. They are less prone to injury and can work harder over a longer useful lifetime (Wikipedia, Mule).
Mules are sterile. Thus, if you need a supply of mules, you must keep handy herds of both draft horses and donkeys. Mules have been bred since antiquity, but in Missouri mule production is an outgrowth of the Spanish mule trade in Europe and the New World. This leads to two rhetorical questions: (1) How did mules come to Missouri? (2) Why did Missouri become the

########
Rank: 27
Score: 29.575502
Retrieved Text: Home News NAILE 2011 takes over Louisville, Ky.
NAILE 2011 takes over Louisville, Ky.
LOUISVILLE, Ky. — The beef and sheep shows filled the Kentucky Expo Center during the North American International Livestock Expo.
There are draft horse shows along with mule and donkey shows scheduled for later in the day.
Winners from the show go home with their share of $700,000 in prize money.
Be sure to check back for updates and for coverage in next week’s Farm and Dairy.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 29.157444
Retrieved Text: A while back I read a book by Debra Clopton called The Trouble with Lacey Brown. It was a cute story about a small town in Texas called Mule Hollow. Someone had placed an ad in the paper telling how this town was full of men in need of wives. Lacey moved there and after a series of crazy events found herself a husband.
Well, Clopton had written another Mule Hollow book -- And Baby Makes Five. This one is just as cute as Lacey Brown. Cort Wells has moved to Mule Hollow to get away from life, love and romance. He just wants to be left alone. Unfortunately he doesn't know that this small Texas community is all about matchmaking!
Shortly after his arrival, Cort meets Samantha... a greedy little donkey who loves to invade his world. Sam is a pain, but Cort finds it worth putting up with her in order to see her owner, the cute and great with child, Lilly Tipps.
Life throws these two back roads neighbors together over and over and in the midst of snow, ice, stubbornness, a dog named Loser and that silly donkey, romance blossoms. Both Cort and Lilly learn to never say never.. and to not put God in a box.
A well written light reading, A smart, homely lil donkey is set to return to the place she grew up but the new owner is not nearly as keen on the idea. THinking he had vandals he is suprised to catch his very pregnant female neighbor trying to coax

########
Rank: 29
Score: 28.785583
Retrieved Text: I Love My Amazing Animals: Our yearly trip to the local donkey show!
Our yearly trip to the local donkey show!
Howdy! I took my son and his friend to the local donkey show that was on Saturday! This long haired mule who was hot and cranky. I should have gotten him on video. It was very hot and with all his hair, I couldn't blame one bit! (Get it, bit? It's short for bridle! hahahaha) They had a lot of mini's and I just love mini horses. They are just so cute to look at!
Anyone have to use the restroom?
This was one of my favorite mules. He was good looking and groomed well and I don't mean the cowboy either!
These guys were just hanging out most of the day.
My son patting the mule. He also loves the mini's!
Well, we will have to wait until next year to go to another show. I'm seriously thinking of getting a mini horse for up at the farm but I have more news coming first! The mini may have to wait!
I hope you all have a happy day!
Looks like you had a fun time at the donkey show.
Looks like a fun day! I think I'd probably have enjoyed it too, if I were there.
You said you're waiting on more news coming in - hope it's happy news you're expecting!
Oooooh!! News?? What news?? Ooooh how exciting!!
Oh I LOVE DONKEYS!! I love donkeys - I think they're feisty and independent characters - I love em!!!!!!! Awwww the mini horsey is so cute too!
Thanks

================



======= Instance Index 4 =========
Input Text: The word "acquisition" has multiple meanings. Does it have the same meaning in sentences 1 and 2? Yes or no?

Sentence 1: The child's acquisition of language.
Sentence 2: That graphite tennis racquet is quite an acquisition.

Target Text: No

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 42.501266
Retrieved Text: titanium tennis racquets wilson racket review.
titanium tennis racquets strung ti wilson 3 racket.
titanium tennis racquets head ti racket wilson 3.
titanium tennis racquets head ti racket review for sale.
titanium tennis racquets rackets review.
titanium tennis racquets coated steel strings individual racquet wilson xl racket.
titanium tennis racquets graphite vs.
titanium tennis racquets prince graphite response racket racquet hand second head nano price.
titanium tennis racquets are good.
titanium tennis racquets racket for sale.
titanium tennis racquets sting graphite racquet w power slots 4 3 8 grip wilson federer racket.
titanium tennis racquets head ti radical elite racquet blue orange large wilson racket price.
titanium tennis racquets head ti carbon racquet racket cover 4 3 8 grip wilson review.
titanium tennis racquets top quality new head supreme racket racquet professionals grip 4 1 3 8 in rackets from sports for sale.
titanium tennis racquets review of head racquet graphite.
titanium tennis racquets head ti radical elite racquet main image s6 price.
titanium tennis racquets champion sports oversized racket head nano racquet for sale.
titanium tennis racquets head tour pro yellow and black 4 1 2 grip racket for sale.
titanium tennis racquets head ti racket wilson price.
titanium tennis racquets ultra pro racquet with case wilson 3 racket.
titanium tennis racquets head tour pro 4 1 2 grip size racquet wilson racket review.
titanium tennis racquets tour racquet blue orange amp white 4 1 2 grip head nano for sale.
titanium tennis racquets head racket racquet price.
titanium tennis racquets pro racquet wilson 3 racket.
titanium tennis racquets innovative design maximizes performance wilson federer racket.
titanium tennis racquets wilson impact racquet price.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 39.338715
Retrieved Text: The Wilson Ultra 25″ Inch Pre-Strung Black/Blue/White Junior Tennis Racquet is an excellent junior performance racket with new power technologies added that will overwhelm opponents with its precision shot making. Power Rib with Integrated Crush Zone Technology features an enhanced geometry for more explosive power and an innovative yoke grommet for increased ball dwell time on the strings. Parallel Drilling provides more consistent shot making from the forgiving and lively string bed response.
It also features a 100 square inch head, a low-density, spin-inducing string pattern at 16×19, comes strung at 8.3 ounces, and at 4 points head light, makes this stick a spin generating machine.
PERFECT PERFORMANCE JUNIOR RACKET: The Wilson Ultra 25″ Inch Pre-Strung Black/Blue/White Junior Tennis Racquet is simply a 2″ inches shorter frame geared towards juniors not quite ready to wield an adult sized racket (27″ inches), and also has the same performance-based, lightweight graphite frame that reduces unwanted vibration while increasing feel.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 37.459614
Retrieved Text: Emulate the ball striking of Novak Djokovic on the courts with the HEAD IG Speed 23 Junior Tennis Racquet. An awesome black with white color scheme coats the graphite-composite frame, which is 23 inches long and suitable for 36 ft court play (red ball). The racquet weighs 7.6 ounces, sports a 95' square inch head, and a slightly head-light balance. This racquet comes prestrung.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 37.00461
Retrieved Text: Lowest prices on table tennis tables table tennis robots table tennis equipment. Nano Tec technology provides better material characteristics which helps player in making good drive, fast counter attack shots.
Although it may be played with larger teams the most common forms of the game are " singles" ( with one player per side) " doubles" ( with two players per side). You will not need to work hard or be skilled to start this game.
It is already included an Olympic sport since 1988, as well as. Here is a very basic summary of how to play racketball racketball rules section below , for a more in depth description see the video click here for Mark Fuller' s beginners guide to racketball. This guide covers all the basic shots basic tactics , how to play them how to construct a good rally. Tennis racket size guide. Just you have to know which badminton racket is best for your game.
Tennis racket size guide. In his early career the great Roger Federer used a 90 square inch racquet, he now plays with a 97 square inch model. Victor introduces its Aero Speed & Arrow power racket series in. # In Li Ning Ultra strong series is getting very popular in players who are looking for mega strong frame light weight racket.
Racket ( racquet) : Bat with a long handle , the frame made of wood, metal, some other synthetic material, graphite, composite used by a tennis player to hit the tennis ball during a game of tennis. The best

########
Rank: 4
Score: 35.713097
Retrieved Text: Whether you are just starting out or you already have the skills of playing tennis, purchasing a racquet will have a great impact on your game. Every tennis racquet is created in a unique way. All of them have advantages and disadvantages. If you are planning to play the game on many occasions, it is proper for you to purchase the best tennis racquet. As you choose one, you should eye the one that has a grip size suitable for you. You can do this by measuring the distance between the middle of your palm to the top of your middle finger. This distance will be your correct grip size. It is in inches. You can also test the racquet to see if the index finger has enough space.
If there is no enough space for it, the racquet might not suit you well. This is also true if the room left for the finger is too large. If you realize you are between, you should choose the smaller one as the circumference can always be increased. Normally the racquets are around 27 inches long. However you can find others which are more than that. It is advisable to choose the longer racquets since they allow for great leverage on the swing. This gives the shot more power. However, you should be aware that the longer ones can be a bit challenging to aim. Therefore if you are a beginner, you should choose the normal size which is 27 inches. See this tennis ball machine training page.
There

########
Rank: 5
Score: 35.38006
Retrieved Text: I have owned a good number of tennis racquet's over the years and have to say that this is one I really enjoy using. It has a very nice feel and balance to it. The racquet is made of graphite. It is light with an over sized head. It also measures 110 square inches. The main thing I really like about this model is the control it gives me on the various shots that I make. This Racquet is just such a pleasure to use. It's colors are red, white and blue. A very attractive looking Raquel. Also comes with a nice white case. I have liked the Wilson line of tennis racquet's for over 30 years now. I like the Raquel so much that I went out and purchased a duplicate one. I go back and forth between the two. I have owned them for a little over ten years. I have been a tennis player for over 30 years and am very fussy about my equipment. This one is a winner and has my full endorsement.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 34.072662
Retrieved Text: The way in which you grip a tennis racket determines how the ball will behave when hit. Tennis warehouse europe offers the best selection and lowest prices on all tennis rackets. Ive recently switched from using a prince tennis racket to the babolat aeropro drive.
It brings power to the player and swishes through the air with enough pressure.
Tennis racket. Buying your favourite tennis rackets have never been so easy. Tennis racquet reviews included. How to buy a tennis racquet new high tech materials larger heads and longer racquets have changed the way tennis is played. Whether youre a beginner hitter or dreaming of becoming the next tennis champion buying a tennis racquet will make a big difference for your game.
Shop for junior tennis rackets online at target. The ticonquest tennis racket from head is a top notch tennis racquet made of graphite and titanium making it be super light in weight while achieving mighty feats of performance. The final decision rests with the tsa officer on whether an item is allowed through the checkpoint. A lightweight implement that consists of a netting as of nylon stretched in a usually oval open frame with a handle attached and that is used for striking the ball or shuttlecock in various games such as tennis racquets or badminton.
While its true that a racquet is only as good as the player a new racquet can make all the difference in your comfort and accuracy when playing. Sign up now to get exclusive product updates and information. Etsy is the home

########
Rank: 7
Score: 33.984653
Retrieved Text: Choosing the best Wilson tennis racket is all about picking the most appropriate one. As such, there is no perfect model for everyone. Experienced players who have the arm strength may find heavier racquets with large heads to be their best option to maintain control while delivering sufficient power. For other players, a playful bounce to doubles rallies suggests a product that is exceptionally responsive even with light touches. It’s all a matter of making the right choice for you.
The Wilson Pro Staff RF97 Autograph Tennis Racquet is a Wilson Federer Tennis racquet through and through. Roger Federer was involved in the development and engineering of this product because it represents his signature moves. The Pro Staff enjoys an enlarged head size to provide a bigger spot on this Wilson titanium tennis racket to return the ball successfully and avoid the net.The personal racquet of this Wimbledon great, it is built for fast swings to attack the ball aggressively both during serves and on extended volleys when wishing to reach any corner of the court to win the point. The RF97 Autograph is not the same as the Wilson Hope Tennis racket which is an oversized one with a lighter frame only for recreational use rather that aggressive competition though both features enlarged heads.
The braided graphite and Kevlar mix and Ampli feel high-tech handle do much to keep the weight down, yet the racquet still the weight of this model is 12 ounces. Some other models like the Wilson Pro Staff 97 model are lighter at

########
Rank: 8
Score: 33.802925
Retrieved Text: RACCHETTA TENNIS WILSON AGGRESSOR 1000 PIATTO 95 PESO 315g CON CUSTODIA ORGINALE,Rawlings Heart of the Hide 12.5" First Base Fastpitch Glove RHT, PROTM8SBWilson A2000 2800 12 Inch First Base Glove Single PostGARLANDO TAVOLO PING PONG ADVANCE OUTDOOR RUOTE PIANO BLU -ESTERNO- [C.273E],Babolat Aero Pro Drive 2014-2015 model 100 head 10.6 4 1/4 grip Tennis Racquet,Rare /Nuovo Prince Classic Graphite 107 Tennis Racquet 43/8 Plastic on Handle,Champion Nba Canotta Charlotte vintage basket champion Shirt nba Charlotte,BABOLAT Drive Lite blu Lusso-l2,PRO204-4DSS-RightHandThrow Rawlings Heart of the Hide Baseball Glove PRO204-4DSS,Head SONIC PRO 200m Bianco Tennis Corde ruolo 200m Bianco Nuovo2018 Miken MF20BU 34/26 Freak Balanced 20th Anniv. USSSA 14" Barrel Softball Bat,2018 Easton Ghost Double Barrel -10 Fastpitch Bat FP18GH10 31/21,NIW,K-Swiss Uomo Tennis knitshot allcourtschuh NERO UE NUOVO,Bobine MSV Soft CONTROL 200m,NEW - 2017 Wilson A2K D33 11.75" Pitcher's Baseball Glove -WTA2KRB17D33,(TG. Size 16G) Trasparente/Argento Wilson Control Duo Cordi, (FRW),Raquette de tennis Head 660 Extended power wedge,TAVOLO DA PING PONG GARLANDO ADVANCE INDOOR OMAGGIO 6 PALLINE + KIT RACCHETTE,Dunlop Force 300 Tour Racchetta diede UVP NUOVO,CANOTTA SHIRT JERSEY MAILLOT TRIKOT BASKET BASKETBALL PIACENZA ITALY LNP SZ.XL,Fischer Pro Tour FT 4 3/8Head Microgel Radical Midplus 4 3/8 Tennis Racquet ( 2801)WILSON Pro Staff 85 6.0NIW 2018 MIKEN FREAK 23 KP USSSA SLOWPITCH SOFTBALL BAT MFK23U 27 OZ NO WARRANTY,Kazuhiro Wada Autograph Baseball Bat Chunichi Dragons Seibu Lions Collection B17,Head Challenge Spirit Tennis RacquetYonex VCORE Pro 100, 280g, Racchette da tennis-Merce NuovaNEW 2014 Wilson Pro Staff 97 head 11.1oz unstrung 4 1/4 grip Tennis Racquet,Tadahito Iguchi Autograph Singed Baseball Bat MLB

########
Rank: 9
Score: 33.609722
Retrieved Text: Wilson Pro Staff RF 97 Tuxedo. Length: 27in / 68.58cm. Strung Weight: 12.6oz / 357.2g. Balance: 12.38in / 31.45cm / 9 pts HL. Beam Width: 21.5mm / 21.5mm / 21.5mm /. Composition: Graphite braided with aramid. Grip Type: Wilson Premium Leather. String Pattern:16 Mains / 19 Crosses. Mains skip: 7T, 9T, 7H, 9H. The item "Wilson pro staff RF 97 autograph 2019 Tuxedo tennis racquet, 3/8 grip, free ship" is in sale since Friday, January 11, 2019.
This item is in the category "Sporting Goods\Tennis & Racquet Sports\Tennis\Racquets". The seller is "spinla54" and is located in Sheridan, Wyoming. This item can be shipped to United States, Canada, United Kingdom, Denmark, Romania, Slovakia, Bulgaria, Czech republic, Finland, Hungary, Latvia, Lithuania, Malta, Estonia, Australia, Greece, Portugal, Cyprus, Slovenia, Japan, China, Sweden, South Korea, Indonesia, Taiwan, South africa, Thailand, Belgium, France, Hong Kong, Ireland, Netherlands, Poland, Spain, Italy, Germany, Austria, Bahamas, Israel, Mexico, New Zealand, Philippines, Singapore, Switzerland, Norway, Saudi arabia, Ukraine, United arab emirates, Qatar, Kuwait, Bahrain, Croatia, Malaysia, Brazil, Chile, Colombia, Costa rica, Dominican republic, Panama, Trinidad and tobago, Guatemala, El salvador, Honduras, Jamaica, Viet nam.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 33.499573
Retrieved Text: This article gives you complete information about tennis game. This article includes scoring rules and equipments used in tennis game. Details about Court dimensions of tennis game are also quoted in this article.
Tennis is the Luxurious racquet sport in the world compared to other racquet sports. Tennis game is played as singles as well as doubles. According to the study Lawn tennis is originated from Birmingham, England in the 19th century. Wimbledon is the famous Tennis tournament in the world. Softball and racquet is used for playing the tennis game. Tennis was approved as a Olympic game from 1896.
The highest organizer and governing body of tennis is International Tennis Federation. Novak Djokovic is the No 1 player in 2011 Men's Tennis ATP Rankings and Caroline Wozniacki is the No 1 player in 2011 Women's Tennis WTA Rankings. The first Wimbledon Championship was held in 1877 at London. Tennis game requires more power and strength as it is along time game with many sets.
US open is one of the famous grand slam tournaments in Tennis and Wimbledon is the oldest Tennis tournament in the world. Different courts are used for playing Tennis game like Clay court, Hard court and grass courts. Different tournaments are played in different courts.
1) There will be a toss before the game where the player who wins the toss can choose serve or receive serve or choose the court.
2) In tennis scoring, there will be "game", "set", and finally "match point"
3) To win a game the player must take 4 points starting from

########
Rank: 11
Score: 32.955032
Retrieved Text: Obsession is a word I know well, and not because of Calvin Klein. I also am familiar with “obsessed” and “obsessive” and “obsessive compulsive.” I know these words well because, well, I become easily obsessed. It’s (only a little) comforting to know it’s a trait I share with other Aspies.
The object of my obsession changes. Not day to day, but more like year to year. I’m not someone who, for example, devotes his life to building model trains. I don’t think I could devote my life to anything. With me, I get deep into a subject, and it’s like I sink my teeth into it and can’t let go. Or a better metaphor would be that my teeth get stuck and I’m forced to chew and chew and chew until I’ve finally devoured the subject, to the point that no one wants to hear anymore about it. Ever. Again.
Over the past year, my obsession has been tennis. (Were you surprised, given my last post?) That includes not just tennis players, but tennis tournaments, techniques (I’ve spent MONTHS practicing my “kick” serve), strategy, the history of tennis, ranking the greatest players, and perhaps most of all, tennis racquets (or as some prefer, especially those who have a pathological hatred of the French, rackets).
For the uninitiated — and that includes close to seven billion people, I’m guessing — there are hundreds of models of tennis racquets. Thousands, if you include historical racquets (I can tell you about the development from wood to metal to graphite to present day

########
Rank: 12
Score: 32.837112
Retrieved Text: Your new home is waiting! Beautiful move in ready 4/2 home in much sought after Smith Farm! Home features tile and wood laminate throughout, vaulted ceilings, stainless steel appliances, upgraded kitchen granite counter tops and graphite sink, upgraded bathrooms, large screen patio off the kitchen and fenced yard. Smith Farm is in an A rated school district and within Park Vista boundaries. This gated community features 2 pools, jacuzzi, fitness center, basketball, tennis and racquet ball court, soccer & baseball field. Great neighborhood and great schools!

########
Rank: 13
Score: 32.600418
Retrieved Text: So you want to start playing tennis? Well you’re going to need a few things, so let’s start with the most important piece of tennis equipment you will ever need…a tennis racquet! Below are some of the tennis racquet reviews to help you pick out the best tennis racquet for you. Read the tennis racket ratings, demo a tennis racquet, and if you love it, buy it! Or if you just want to see what tennis racquets the ATP Pros use, I have a list. If you want know what racquets the WTA pros use, I have that as well; if you’re looking for a list of professional tennis strings, I got that too and if you’re curious about pro tennis shoes on the ATP and WTA tour, there’s a list.
There are a few different sizes that come standard; 4 1/8″ (L1), 4 1/4″ (L2), 4 3/8″ (L3), 4 1/2″ (L4), and 4 5/8″ (L5). The most commonly used size for men is 4 1/2″ and for women is 4 1/8″. The best way to measure the perfect grip size for your tennis racquet is to use a ruler. With your ruler you will want to measure your dominant hand, or playing hand, from the middle crease of the palm of your hand and measure up to the tip of your ring finger. Whatever grip size you choose, make sure you start with something a little smaller, that way, if it’s not quite right you can built it up. If you pick too large, it’s close

########
Rank: 14
Score: 32.577606
Retrieved Text: Everyone has their favorite sports, and native Canadians won’t be surprised to learn that hockey still tops most lists as the most popular athletic pastime in this country. Soccer, basketball, rugby, lacrosse, and baseball also have intense followings. Another distinctly northern diversion, curling, also ranks high.
The idea to combine beloved sports has been going on for some time now. A few of these combinations are truly outlandish and unexpected. Would you have thought to combine football and tennis or tennis and polo? How about chess and boxing?!
No matter what the blend, the common denominator here is the same with all sporting pastimes: exercise and fun are the goals. To that end, we now add another one to the list: speedminton. It is just one of the exciting sporting activities offered in facilities like the new air-supported dome at Richmond Green Sports Centre & Park in Richmond Hill.
You are no doubt familiar with Badminton, a game where 2-4 people stand behind opposite sides of a net batting a “bird” back and forth. It is a fun, if fairly relaxed, endeavor that was common among the idle rich of olden times. Badminton still has a following nowadays, but probably won’t appeal to those looking for sports that push them physically.
As the name suggests, Speedminton really amps things up. Can you imagine the fast pace and hard racquet action of tennis using birds? Now can you imagine this without a badminton net? That nod to racquetball means a much greater chance of your opponent successfully returning a shot, which

########
Rank: 15
Score: 31.557678
Retrieved Text: Are your kids interested in playing tennis or you just want them to try the sport for a little recreation? Either way, they’ll need a safe and reliable tennis racquet to start with. The Wilson US Open Junior tennis racquet is a great racquet to try tennis for the first time.
The Wilson US Open Junior tennis racquet comes in different sizes and offers all that a junior may need when starting in tennis. It comes in several different colors, which means it’s suitable for both girls and boys. That’s important because if you have both a son and a daughter, you can get them the same racquet but in a different color. That way, they get the same quality racquet, but they’d still be able to tell the difference between them.
The Wilson US Open Junior tennis racquet doesn’t come with a cover, but it’s a detail that’s not as important for the overall experience and quality of the game. Its features, materials, and specifications deliver excellent performance and ease of use.
For kids, it’s important that tennis is fun and enjoyable when they first start. This racket allows them to have fun on the field, but still have a proper start as beginners.
Without further ado, let’s take a moment to look into the details, specifications, and features that make the US Open Junior a great choice for your children.
Most importantly, the Wilson US Open Junior comes pre-strung, so you don’t have to bother with that at the very start. Stringing isn’t a big issue, but if you’re

########
Rank: 16
Score: 31.416546
Retrieved Text: Do you wonder what racquets tennis professionals use? It is rarely the racquets they advertise but something called pro stock racquets with a paint job of the latest commercial racquet model. This post will help you get insight into what racquets the tennis pros really use.
The tennis racquet industry needs to sell racquets to survive and the best way to sell a racquet is for a popular and successful player to endorse and market it. But since most tennis pros are meticulous about their gear, and the tennis racquet is so important, they would not want to change racquets willy nilly. Instead they use the racquet model they are used to. It is then usually customized to their specs and the company paints it as a new model and the player “endorses” this line of racquets. The racquet they really use under the so called paint job is usually referred to as a pro stock tennis racquet.
Sometimes it is pretty close to what they are actually using. For example, Rafael Nadal plays the first edition of the Babolat Aero Pro Drive, but has always been endorsing the latest Aero Pro or Pure Aero line of tennis racquets from Babolat – right now being the Babolat Pure Aero . They are quite similar however, so it does not feel like a complete deception. It is similar with Nick Kyrgios who is using the Yonex Xi 98, but is endorsing the latest model Yonex Ezone 98.
Then we have a guy like Andy Murray who is playing with a

########
Rank: 17
Score: 31.198236
Retrieved Text: Should breaking a tennis racquet be allowed?
I’m all for players being courteous and models of professionalism, however; there is something so primal when I see Andy Roddick, Novak Djokovic, or even Marat Safin lose their cool and smash their tennis racquets on the court. It’s as if it’s something that should go hand in hand with tennis, because it can be extremely frustrating when things aren’t going your way.
If a player actually commits this ‘crime,’ the official usually warns them about racquet abuse, the next violation will result in a point, and the next will result in the game – Andy Roddick recently committed this crime. Typically players are fined a couple of thousand dollars after the match for the violation, which I see as rather excessive for breaking a $200 tennis racquet.
My real question is, should the USTA/ITF take the tennis racquet abuse rule off the books and allow the tennis players to bust their racquets? Obviously, not breaking every racquet they have all the time, but in certain situations. My opinion is that they should not be punished for doing it, I see it as a form of expression; like Billie Jean King said about tennis “Tennis is a perfect combination of violent action taking place in an atmosphere of total tranquility.” Breaking a tennis racquet out of frustration is nothing more than just breaking a tennis racquet; it’s not like you are hurting anybody and most of the time the player throws the broken racquet into the crowd or gives it to a

########
Rank: 18
Score: 30.91989
Retrieved Text: Buy Now >> Racquetball String 17 G.
Ref: Racquetball 17 String G. Racquetball String 17 G.
Buy Now >> Head Intelligence i.165 Racquetball Racquet 3 5/8 - Pre-Owned, Good Condition!
Ref: Condition! Pre-Owned, 5/8 Intelligence i.165 Racquet - Head Good Racquetball 3 Head Intelligence i.165 Racquetball Racquet 3 5/8 - Pre-Owned, Good Condition!
Buy Now >> EFORCE BLACK GRAPHITE FIBER BEDLAM STUN 150 GRAM RACQUETBALL RACQUET ~ 3-5/8"
Ref: GRAM STUN GRAPHITE 3-5/8" EFORCE BEDLAM RACQUETBALL FIBER BLACK ~ RACQUET 150 EFORCE BLACK GRAPHITE FIBER BEDLAM STUN 150 GRAM RACQUETBALL RACQUET ~ 3-5/8"
Ref: 17 G. String Racquetball Racquetball String 17 G.
Buy Now >> GearBox M40 165 Teardrop Green Racquetball Racquet 3 15/16"
Ref: GearBox Racquet M40 Teardrop 165 15/16" Green Racquetball 3 GearBox M40 165 Teardrop Green Racquetball Racquet 3 15/16"
Buy Now >> RARE HEAD Dirty Deed 185g Racquetball Racquet Excellent Condition!
Ref: Racquet Excellent Condition! 185g Dirty Deed RARE Racquetball HEAD RARE HEAD Dirty Deed 185g Racquetball Racquet Excellent Condition!
Buy Now >> Ektelon Mirage Racquetball Eyewear Vented Sides-Anti Fog-headstrap- Brand New!!
Ref: Sides-Anti Brand Fog-headstrap- Mirage New!! Vented Racquetball Eyewear Ektelon Ektelon Mirage Racquetball Eyewear Vented Sides-Anti Fog-headstrap- Brand New!!

########
Rank: 19
Score: 30.87926
Retrieved Text: This is a brand that deserves a second look if youre looking for the best tennis racquet brand out there. There are 654 tennis racquet logos suppliers mainly located in asia. The babolat stencil is a thinner material than the other brands.
Tennis racquet logos products are most popular in north america south america and southeast asia.
Tennis racket brand logos. Sold separately without the ink these stencils are ideal for home stringing allowing you the ability to stencil the logo onto your racquet. Find great deals on ebay for tennis rackets logos. Your source for tennis racquetball pickleball squash paddle tennis badminton equipment clothing and accessories. Wilson deserve to be classed as the best.
Skip to main content. Logos for editorial use are suitable to illustrate news articles but are not cleared for commercial use. Wilson racquets allow for lots of power touch and spin although admittedly not as much as a babolat. Largest junior tennis racquet selection in the area.
Matrixguy the top ten. Head tennis racquet racket logo cover case bag strap single side zip black spell. We also stock racquetball squash badminton paddleball and pickleball racquets. Best tennis racquet brands.
Logos database editorial logos find tennis racquet logo image and details. Made from plastic note. The top supplying countries are china mainland pakistan and hong kong which supply 96 2 and 1 of tennis racquet logos respectively. Tennis warehouse europe tennis only australia running warehouse running warehouse europe running warehouse australia skate warehouse tackle warehouse inline warehouse ice warehouse derby warehouse racquetball warehouse riding warehouse total pickleball.
Tennis

########
Rank: 20
Score: 30.843416
Retrieved Text: If you do not know what to look for when buying Wilson Titanium Tennis Racquet, it is not easy to make the right decision. There is a too big risk of choosing Wilson Titanium Tennis Racquet and being disappointed when you receive the product. This guide will help you. Sometimes it’s not bad at all, if you have friends who have already bought Wilson Titanium Tennis Racquet and know something about them. In addition to the actual use of Wilson Titanium Tennis Racquet, it is also very important to know that where you can buy your desired item. Delivery options play an important role and depending on the supplier, a higher cost factor can be identified. In addition to delivering Wilson Titanium Tennis Racquet, pay special attention at the lowest possible delivery fee or even for free delivery.
✅ YOUR NEW FAVORITE WATER BOTTLE - Let me introduce you to your new favorite water bottle. Meet White 20oz Stainless Steel Water Bottle with Carabiner. So good you'll want to pour your favorite beverage in it right out of the box when it arrives. It will be love at first sight! You'll definitely be spending a lot of time together with those cold winter nights and warm summer days. You can thank us later!
Pete Sampras endorsed carrying case included.
✅ YOUR NEW FAVORITE SHOT GLASS - Let me introduce you to your new favorite shot glass. Meet White Ceramic 1.5oz Shot Glass. So good you'll want to pour your favorite alcohol in it right out of the box when

########
Rank: 21
Score: 30.696802
Retrieved Text: The Racquet Sport With The Fastest Projectile Is?
When You Rub Your Eyes And See Stars, You're Seeing What?
Badminton is a racquet sport played with small lightweight racquets and an even smaller serving object known as a shuttlecock. In many ways, the game is similar to other racquet sports: you have a racquet, a net, a court, and the goal is to serve or return the shuttlecock over the net and land it on your opponents side of the court without them returning it.
Where it differs significantly is in the speed department. Tennis serves seem quite fast, but the fastest recorded serve in tennis was a mere 163.4 miles per hour (263 kilometres per hour). By contrast, the fastest recorded badminton serve, or smash, was 206 miles per hour (332 kilometres per hour). Part of this has to do with the lightness of a shuttlecock compared to the weight of a tennis ball, but part of it has to do with the method of swinging. Because a shuttlecock is lighter, badminton players can play with a looser and more flexible wrist which allows for a much more forceful strike.
Image courtesy of Arne Nordmann.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 30.692991
Retrieved Text: The Champion sports 27 inch titanium tennis racquet is a racquet for the serious and a very active tennis player. This is for the person that wants a racquet that will stand up to heavy and frequent use. This racquet is made from titanium which is a very indestructible material so you know it is tough and will last through many, many sessions of highly active tennis game play.
The Champion Sports 27-Inch Titanium Tennis Racquet is designed with an oversized head to provide you with a more powerful swing and drive. It also features a wide body construction to diminish your room for error and improve your accuracy while you work on improving your technique and your overall stamina for playing a long and heated game.
Made with nylon springs and featuring a leather grip with cushioning the product is both strong and comfortable outside of its titanium frame.
The Champion Sports 27 inch tennis racquet is made with high quality titanium for its frame. It features wide body construction along with an oversized head to provide a more powerful swing while decreasing your chance of errors again.
Along with that the racquet is designed with a cushioned leather grip that allows it to be breathable and comfortable to hold at the same time so you can remain comfortable for the entirety of the game.
Made with a titanium frame you know this racket will be able to withstand the heaviest of uses. It is also designed to be super powerful with a 4.5 inch grip size so it can

########
Rank: 23
Score: 30.471405
Retrieved Text: Lead the attack with explosive shots at greater speed, power, and control.
Rotational Generator System – The counterbalanced head adapts to each shot, helping you to control the drive and attack the opposition with increased acceleration, steeper angle, and power on the smash.
Namd Material – A worlds first, new dimension graphite material, Namd, which greatly improves the adhesion of the graphite fibers and resin by attaching nanomaterial directly to the graphite fiber. In high-performance racquets, it is common to combine nanomaterials with resin that connects graphite fibers, but in Namd, nanomaterials directly adhere to the graphite fibers and resin is greatly increased. This major improvement produces a shaft that flexes and stores energy, delivering explosive force on impact with the shuttle.
New Full Frame Namd – AX99 has adopted NAMD in the entire body of the racquet, including the Frame, doubling contact time with the shuttle, resulting in an explosive shot as the racquet returns from Flexed to straight at the end of the swing.
Be the first to review “YONEX ASTROX 99 (AX99 3U5)” Click here to cancel reply.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 30.449995
Retrieved Text: So have the experts discovered already what strings Danielle Collins uses and what real racquet she swings? Just out of curiosity and to be the first to ask.
Yeah, she uses the Head Youtek Instinct MP under the Radical G Touch PJ. I don’t know the strings.
No, she doesn't. Collins uses since the start of 2018 the HEAD TGT307.X which is one of the Pro stocks available in Graphene Radical MP.
No, she doesn't. Collins uses the HEAD TGT307.X which is one of the Pro stocks available in Graphene Radical MP.
Interesting. I just assumed she still uses the Youtek Instinct MP from her college days.
In one of the zoomed in slow-mos of her racquet, I'm pretty sure I saw a sticker inside the throat that said Yonex on it. Not sure if that's referring to the strings or if it's just a Yonex-sponsored stringer.
If it is a pro stock, than it is not a players stick considering the thickness of the beam near the throat. It cant be an old Instinct, because they are 18x19, and i counted 16x19 on her photo.
Collins is using the TGT307.X. It’s 100% the Graphene Radical MP Mold. Check out the grommet channel and how it ends and the grooves in the throat bridge.
Thankfully they're easy to replace...unlike the babolat system. What a pain.
I love these threads where everyone knows, but no one agrees.
I know and proven it with photos.
it doesn't look like youtek racket to me. probably one of the new grapheme rackets. how much grapheme is in these rackets really?
"It has

########
Rank: 25
Score: 30.309452
Retrieved Text: In this article we’ll take a look at a few of the top tennis racquet brand and provide you with some background you can use to help evaluate each brand. If you’re just getting started or researching a new tennis racquet you may want to check out our article on the different types of tennis racquets as well as our 2018 list of the best tennis racquets to help aid in your selection.
The following is the complete list of the tennis racquet brands on the market. Highlighted brands are those we’ll cover in this article.
As the inventors of tennis string, Babolat is an enduring brand that has developed an extremely loyal following for their racquets across multiple racquet sports including tennis, badminton and more recently paddle.
Moreover, with the success of players such as Rafael Nadal and Andy Roddick, Babolat’s popularity has grown significantly in recent years solidifying their reputation with both highly competitive and recreational players.
A storied American company, Wilson has its roots in the meatpacking industry where animal bi-products were used to create some of their first sporting goods including natural gut tennis strings.
More recently Wilson’s legacy has continued with players such as Pete Sampras, Roger Federer and the Williams sisters helping their racquet brand reach a whole new level of status. Not surprisingly, they’re best known for their Pro Staff line having been used by Sampras and currently in use by Federer.
With headquarters in Kennelbach, Austria and Amsterdam, Netherlands Head was originally founded during 1950 in Delaware. Laying claim to having developed the first

########
Rank: 26
Score: 30.132776
Retrieved Text: Below we will show you everything you should consider when buying a tennis racquet, and the best tennis racquets for beginners on the market today. Whether you want to remain a recreational player, or want to learn to become a more competitive tennis player we’ll help you find the perfect racquet.
Here is our list of top beginner racquets!
Head's Ti S6 is one of the best selling racquets in the world, and it's our pick for the top tennis racquet for beginners.
When choosing a tennis racquet for a beginner, there are a few questions to consider.
Is the racquet for a child or adult sized person?
Will the player need help creating power for your shots? Or will you need more control? - In other words, how physically strong is the player?
Does the tennis player expect to remain a recreational player, or do they want to become more competitive?
No matter how you answer these questions, below you’ll be able to find a great choice below.
Most good tennis racquets for novice players have a few characteristics to help beginners play well.
First is the frame size. In general, beginners will want to pick a racquet with a pretty large frame especially if you will need help creating power on your shots.
Since you’ve never (or rarely) played tennis before, you’ll also want a racquet that is more forgiving. Roger Federer can use a small racquet because he hits the ball at the same spot on the strings every single time.
People who are just starting will make contact with the ball all over

########
Rank: 27
Score: 30.131077
Retrieved Text: Discover the new tennis app from Babolat.
The app that lets you take tennis with you wherever you go.
Track your own information, get exclusive offers, and follow pro players' results, all in one place. Join your digital tennis club in a new social network, that is 100% dedicated to tennis.
Track your tennis activity and get easy access to all your information including your practices, your matches, your gear, your favorite store and more. Your tennis life, all in one place.
Enter the digital tennis community, where you, your friends and your favorite players can post, share and like the latest tennis pictures and news.
Join the newsroom and get all the information and latest results of your favorite pro tennis players, all in one place.
This is the first app built around your love for tennis. Get access to exclusive content, receive special offers and earn points for everything you do on and off the court as we reward your passion for tennis.
Link your Babolat app to a connected racquet Babolat PLAY and discover a complete overview of your tennis performance. Get detailed stats about your game. From your serve speed to your forehand spin, you know it all!
Babolat must bring back some essential elements from the POP app that uses PIQ score, trend analysis, forehand and backhand racquet speed, and quite frankly a better format for frequent users. I used the POP app with a PIQ robot for a year to track my stats and loved it so much I even bought one for my wife. I assumed that

########
Rank: 28
Score: 30.096802
Retrieved Text: The report presents a widespread study of the global “Tennis Racquet Strings market“. It also provides a clear-cut outline of the leading players Wilson, Babolat, HEAD, Fischer, Kirschbaum, Luxilon, Prince, Tecnifibre, Dunlop, Pacific, Polyfibre, Tourna, Unbranded, Pro Kennex in the market along with their market approaches. This data can be helpful for innovative vendors to comprehend the global Tennis Racquet Strings market. Numerous analytical techniques are used for the research of the global Tennis Racquet Strings market. The global Tennis Racquet Strings market is differentiated on the basis of product category and segments Natural Gut Strings, Artificial Composite Strings, Other. Also, sub-segments Professional Racket, Amateur Racket of the global Tennis Racquet Strings market are explained in the present report.
The impact of Porters five forces on the growth of the market is provided in the global Tennis Racquet Strings report. The study trails the global Tennis Racquet Strings market in terms of revenue (USD Million) as well as volume (k MT). The report also provides the competitive vendor outlook of the Tennis Racquet Strings market along with some profiles of dominant players. The key trends affecting the demand are meticulously discussed for the better understanding of the Tennis Racquet Strings market.
In addition, numerous diverse features contributing positively and negatively to the development of the Tennis Racquet Strings market are embraced in the Tennis Racquet Strings market report. Moreover, it also encircles the abundant avenues for the development of the global Tennis Racquet Strings market in the upcoming period. The Tennis Racquet Strings market research report presents a

########
Rank: 29
Score: 30.009033
Retrieved Text: Best 4 Head XT Series Tennis Racquets in 2015 | Khelmart.org | It's all about Sports.
In this blog we shall compare the best 4 tennis racquets of popular brand Head (Head Graphene Instinct Rev Pro Tennis Racquet, Head Graphene Speed Pro Tennis Racquet, Head Graphene Speed S Tennis Racquet and Head XT Speed Pro Tennis Racquet). This blog will help tennis players in identifying the technical difference in these tennis racquets. Moreover, it will be give you a clear picture of tennis racquets on different technical parameters. Buyers can take wise decision after reading this blog.
Head Graphene Instinct Rev Pro Tennis Racquet Graphene XT Instinct Rev Pro Head Tennis Racquet is the most versatile tennis racquet. Intermediate and Beginners are mostly used this tennis racquet it generates the effective pace and spin. In this racquet 16×19 string patterns, this will give you to play big hits with better control and perfect stability. Moreover it will also give opportunity to hit off center shots with more confident.
Head Graphene Speed Pro Tennis Racquet This Racket is designed with Graphene technology which gives best weight distribution to racket tip and Handle area. With optimized weight distribution, player will get better control and speed. Aggressive players mostly use this tennis racquet. Graphene technology also gives you extra mass on tennis racquet head which will provide you blistering pace on full swing. In this racquet 18×20 string patterns; gives more string to centre of string bed. With this type of string pattern, player will feel more control on backhand and forehand

================



======= Instance Index 589 =========
Input Text: The word "grunt" has multiple meanings. Does it have the same meaning in sentences 1 and 2? Yes or no?

Sentence 1: He went from grunt to chairman in six years.
Sentence 2: Infantrymen in Vietnam were called grunts.

Target Text: Yes

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 42.322376
Retrieved Text: Illustrated throughout, this addition to the G.I. Series shows what the 'Grunts' actually wore in the field and how Army regulations were adapted to meet the needs of the men in the atrocious conditions of warfare in Vietnam. Rare images of the infantrymen who fought in Vietnam - their uniforms and equipment, and how they were adapted to meet the severe conditions in the jungles and rice paddies of Southeast Asia.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 30.702515
Retrieved Text: C-squared or C² Command and Control. Here it refers to the LAV variant modified to accomodate the necessary equipment for a command and control vehicle.
MEF Marine Expeditionary Force (1MEF is 1st MEF).
"High-speed, low-drag" Slang for weaponry, gear, and training optimized for high-intensity action.
LAV-25 The standard LAV variant.
POG Personnel Other than Grunts. Derogatory term used by infantrymen for non-infantrymen.
RPK Russian light machine gun.
Service Record Book A file containing a military serviceman's records and data.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 30.141674
Retrieved Text: Webmaster Note: This is a series of four articles written by LT Dan Bertram, SGT Charlie Dickey, and LT Doug Hendrixson. Comments from other artillerymen who were attached to C 2/5 Cav, or who fired support for the company, are appreciated. We would particularly appreciate stories from other times than 1969. Please send any comments to Webmaster.
Once upon a time in a land far away there were some brave and talented young men called “red-legs” or artillerymen who had nice cushy jobs hurling deadly, high-explosive projectiles from very large guns for tens of miles from well-secured artillery fire bases in support of the less fortunate, but equally brave and talented young good guys called “grunts”or infantrymen.
These poor “grunts” were given the unenviable and dangerous task of “humpin’ the boonies”, searching out and destroying very clever bad guys called “NVA” and “VC” in the hot, steamy, insect and leech-infested jungles of that far away land called ‘Nam.
This poster is a classic. Often seen decorating a club wall, it had a counterpart Infantry poster. Anyone having a copy of that drawing is asked to loan it to the webmaster for inclusion on the site.
The artillery forward observer parties serving with Tall Comanche were there more for the purpose of “saving lives” rather than “taking lives.” However and realistically, in order to save the lives of our infantry “Brothers in Arms”, we had to put as much “steel rain” on the NVA as we possibly could. It required teamwork, good judgment, and putting to use a lot of technical

########
Rank: 3
Score: 27.637442
Retrieved Text: Straight leg infantry units in Vietnam?
US Army "Official" Mechanized Infantry (example: 5th Infantry Div Mechanized) didn't exist prior to Vietnam. Neither did Airmobile Infantry (example: 1st Air Cav Div). During the Viet War there were 4 types of US Army Infantry (not counting SF/Rangers/or other special types of men...LRRPS, ARPS, etc.): Infantry; Mechanized Infantry, Airborne, and Airmobile.
In Vietnam, the term "Leg" was slang for an infantrymen (or a leg grunt)...because that's all he had...no tank! No ACAV! Just a cloth uniform to stop the bullets. Since he had no ACAV nor tank, he was "straight" leg.
1. Infantry-(straight foot soldier (traditionally always the draftee-cannon fodder), the grunt, moves by foot, chopper, boat, truck, anyway he can).
2. Airborne-same as above, only "jump" qualified, he's the paratrooper.
3. Airmobile-same as #1, but does more flying in helicopters to get where he's going.
4. Mechanized-the ultimate grunt (but not jump qualified): Fights mounted like a light tank from his M113 ACAV (Armored Cavalry Assault Vehicle). Can dismount to finish the slaughter with rifle and bayonet; can be deployed by chopper just like his airmobile brothers...just park the ACAVs and go. Can deploy on riverine boats...again just park the ACAVs and go (always leaving the .50 gunner/TC and driver with the tracks/slang for M113). The mech men could do everything the above grunts could do, just not parachute from a plane.
How did the United States get out of the Vietnam war?
What were the United States goals in Vietnam?
What were Luftwaffe infantry units?
Basically... the Army, as in the normal military. Mostly troops that are

########
Rank: 4
Score: 27.247976
Retrieved Text: February 16, 2010: The U.S. Army is trying to revive interest in its Expert Infantryman Badge (EIB). Introduced in 1943, infantrymen must pass a rigorous battery of tests to prove they are an expert at infantry skills, and worthy of the EIB. There was a problem with this, however. The badge, with a wreath added, becomes the combat infantry badge (the CIB, instituted in late 1941). This is a much more prestigious award, as the recipient must have been in combat (for at least 30 days, although the army has been flexible with that). The CIB is a big deal, and soldiers are not allowed to wear the EIB and CIB (which takes precedence anyway) at the same time.
As a result, there was never a lot of enthusiasm, during wartime, to go through the considerable effort to win the EIB. But after 1972, with the introduction of the volunteer army, it was hoped that all these voluntary infantrymen would be encouraged to go for the EIB. After all, there was no more war, and little likelihood of one in the aftermath of Vietnam. So no CIBs for a while. The army encouraged infantrymen to go for the EIB, it being known that this would help with promotions. Before September 11, 2001, 6-7,000 EIBs were awarded each year (out of less than 100,000 active duty and reserve troops eligible for it.) Most of those earning the EIB were one term (usually four years) infantrymen, who would get out of the army with an EIB, and a sense

########
Rank: 5
Score: 26.604311
Retrieved Text: I must start this review by saluting you, sir.
This book should be read by every politician and citizen of any country. It’s the story of the longest-held POW of the Vietnam War era. Commander Alvarez endured EIGHT AND ONE HALF YEARS of deprivation, torture, filth, vermin, parasites, sadistic jailers, insects, cold, heat, fear, starvation; and through all that, he didn’t lose his faith or his mind. He made it home, finally.
You cannot even begin to know what this man endured for his country. Only those who were there with him can understand. The ones who did manage to make it home arrived as changed men. They were not the young, idealistic boys they had been in the earlier stage of their lives.
Regardless of your beliefs or feelings about that era in our history, Everett Alvarez –and all the others who suffered as POWs, grunts in the jungles, nurses in the field hospitals, and their families– deserve the utmost respect and gratitude from the citizens of the United States of America. They were called. They obeyed. All gave some; some gave ALL.
Posted by V. T. Eric Layton on 18 December 2017 in Books and Literature and tagged Everett Alvarez, history, memoirs, POW, reviews, Vietnam War.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 26.163105
Retrieved Text: An Infinity unit box that provides all the weapons options needed. This is a completely new and stunning release of these Ariadnan line troopers. Now you can compose a Fireteam of these Medium Infantrymen in the USAriadna Sectorial Army. The Grunts are the backbone of the USARF and they compose a tough force able to combat whatever the USAriadnan settlers be unable to fight off themselves.
“Sua sponte” (Of their own accord). Historical US Army Rangers motto, adopted as a regimental motto by the USAriadna Grunts to signify the voluntary character of their unit.
Veteran sergeants tell a little tale of the peculiar way the first ever Grunt unit was gathered. As the story goes, the colonist Old Man Ross, a former Ranger commander, was worried about the increasingly bold Antipode incursions into his neighboring farms in Franklin County. His old soldier nose told him the attacks would soon become unmanageable, so he resolved to take matters into his own hands. With unwavering determination, he went into The Blockhouse, the busiest bar in the county, and with vague promises of violent action and specific promises of beer, he managed to recruit a bunch of dauntless young men. Old Man Ross turned out to be quite the charlatan, making up all kinds of sordid details as he went along, and getting more and more inventive as the bottles went dry. The atmosphere got more and more heated, and when he made veiled references to how thankful the county women would be to the defenders of their virtue against those

########
Rank: 7
Score: 25.47803
Retrieved Text: In this, the first of his 58 documentary films, John Pilger combines candid interviews and amazing frontline footage of Vietnam to portray a growing rift between the US military bureaucrats - "lifers" - and the soldiers who physically and mentally fight the war on the ground, the "grunts". By 1970, it is an internal sense of disillusionment and frustration born from this rift that is triggering the withdrawal of US forces from Vietnam.
As the US employs psychological warfare against its enemy, Pilger finds himself unable to glean significant information from the military; a press conference he attends is nicknamed "the 5 o'clock follies" for the evasive nature of the proceedings. And so it is with the grunts, the "wheels of the green machine", that Pilger finds a very human side to the US presence in Vietnam: soldiers who are at once ready to serve their country and doubtful of their purpose there. Plied with visits from Miss America and ignored by Vice President Spiro Agnew, they experience the war in a way many of their superiors do not.
Filmed at Camp Snuffy in 1970, THE QUIET MUTINY presents a character study of the common soldier during the Vietnam War, revealing for the first time the shifting morale and open rebellion of Western troops.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 25.424927
Retrieved Text: When Kyle Longley applied to doctoral programs in history, he narrowed the choice down to two schools: the University of Kentucky and one other. But a visit to Lexington and Billy’s Bar-B-Q, where he had lunch with George Herring, the professor who would become his mentor, made UK the place to go.
Twenty years later, Longley is the Snell Family Dean’s Distinguished professor of history at Arizona State. He’s written four books, edited and contributed to another and is about to send his fifth to the publishers. He’s won many teaching awards and has contributed to mainstream publications like the Washington Post, the Los Angeles Times andNewsweek.
Longley attributes his success, in part, to the lessons he learned at UK from Herring, who is now retired, and other professors who mentored him. The lessons weren’t just from classes he took, but from seeing how they worked as academics and balanced the need to teach, do research and contribute to history as a discipline.
Some of the lessons were practical, like how to manage a class of 300 students; others were more esoteric, like how to show compassion to students. Herring taught, managed the department and published, but still had the patience to help graduate students, Longley said.
Longley’s mentor relationship with Herring continues today. Longley still speaks regularly with Herring, and Herring has read most of Longley’s books before publication. In the November issue of "Diplomatic History," Longley is one of several former students to pay tribute to Herring.
After graduating from UK, Longley taught for a year at Centre College,

########
Rank: 9
Score: 25.024294
Retrieved Text: Vietnam 1968: See what's inside the mind of a new lieutenant as he leads two diverse infantry platoons and then commands a rifle company in the field. Walk in the rice paddies and jungles, outsmart the bad guys and, above all, keep the troops alive. Move past the mistakes and twists of fate in the company of everyday Americans who became exemplary infantrymen in the best traditions of their country. Here we find that most popular assumptions about the war do not apply to these men as they fought in Vietnam, even during this deadliest year. Their ability to perform at a higher level than their enemy belies granting any advantage to indigenous foes. These American infantrymen quickly adapted to the harshness of a hostile tropical environment and neutralized it as a factor favoring the enemy. Fast forward 18 months and the same lieutenant returns to Vietnam but now as a combat-tested, Special Forces-trained captain assigned to a secret mission. As a key staff officer in the new training program for the Cambodian Army, he recognizes fundamental problems and crafts lasting solutions. The quirks and flukes of training third-country nationals in Vietnam are no less challenging than those in his first tour of duty. Language and cultural differences compound the difficulty of conducting training in a combat zone but no slack or extra points are given. Unusual, even bizarre, problems arise and must be dealt with despite the lack of relevant standard operating procedures, applicable training, related examples or meaningful experience. These situations, some previously unpublished,

########
Rank: 10
Score: 24.270908
Retrieved Text: Some of the most intense fighting experienced by Australian Forces during the Vietnam War occurred at Fire Support Bases Coral and Balmoral between May and June 1968. The Australians successfully held both bases, but at great cost. The Royal Australian Mint proudly commemorates the 50th anniversary of these events with a striking uncirculated 50 cent coin.
infantrymen of 1RAR and 3RAR.
One of these bases was Fire Support Base Coral; which was attacked several times between 13 and 22 May. In the first attack, the 1RAR mortar platoon position was overrun. With extensive air support, the attack was beaten off and the gun-pit recaptured. On 26 and 27 May the enemy attacked Fire Support Base Balmoral, but on both occasions were driven offby troops from 3RAR, supported by Centurion tanks.
When the fighting ended, 25 Australian soldiers had died and over 100 were wounded.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 23.49496
Retrieved Text: Jim Kimsey, the co-founder, first chairman and former CEO of AOL, died this week at his home in McLean, Va. He was 76 years old. The cause of death was cancer.
Kimsey graduated from West Point in 1962 and served three tours in the army in the Dominican Republic and Vietnam. After leaving the military, Kimsey went into the bar and restaurant industry before getting a job in the 1980s at an online video game startup called Control Video. Though the venture wasn't successful, he helped it grow into Quantum Computer Services, which would ultimately become America Online.
During Kimsey's tenure as CEO, the company launched innovations such as Instant Messenger, went public and hit a million users. The ubiquitous phrase -- "Welcome! You've Got Mail" -- made its first appearance in 1989 under Kimsey's leadership. Kimsey was known for working more behind the scenes, and stepped down from the chairman role in 1995.
Kimsey was a philanthropist who donated $10 million to the Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts in Washington, D.C., and was also a member of the organization's board of trustees. In 2001, Colin Powell named Kimsey the chairman of the International Commission on Missing Persons. Kimsey also founded the Kimsey Foundation, which provides grants for artistic and educational endeavors.
He is survived by three sons and six grandchildren.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 23.28835
Retrieved Text: Government Service Insurance System (GSIS) executives and employees formally welcomed Dr. Francisco T. Duque III, former chairman of the Civil Service Commission (CSC), as the pension fund’s new chairman in ceremonies held in GSIS Head Office in Pasay City.
In his message, Duque said he considers it a privilege to serve the government again, particularly in GSIS, recounting how he personally witnessed its transformation over the last six years.
topped the Anti-Red Tape Act – Report Card Survey (ARTA-RCS) conducted among over 1,000 public offices in 2014 and 2015. ARTA-RCS is an instrument used to gauge citizens’ satisfaction on the quality of frontline service in government offices.
“GSIS went on to achieve other feats, such as the seal of Island of Good Governance from the Institute for Solidarity in Asia, and ISO 9001:2015 certification from TÜV Rheinland Philippines Inc.,” he said.
Duque said that under his watch, GSIS will chart a new six-year road map envisioned to propel the System to become one of the best pension institutions in the ASEAN region. He added that the institution will be governed by the core values of professionalism, love of country, integrity, service excellence, spirituality, innovation, and teamwork.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 22.785732
Retrieved Text: Warning: don’t read this book before reading Nine Minutes. This second book is not a simple “rehash” from the first book told from a different point of view. Yes, we relive some events of the past under a new (and very interesting) light but it’s also the “after” Grizz death.
It spans over decades and we discover all the manipulations, all the twisted moves made by Grizz to protect Ginny and survive in his outlawed or not so outlawed life.
If that was not enough, we also see the story through Grunt’s eyes. How he plotted for years to steal Ginny from Grizz to own her one day. She was not meant to live this life and he did want to escape with her. But what gave him the right to decide what was right and what was wrong for Ginny!?
OK, I know, the same could be said for Grizz as he wanted her and took her, as simple as that.
Yes, Ginny has just been a pawn between these two men. But she has been loved and worshipped above all else.
Ginny and Tommy (aka Grunt) discover many secrets about Grizz: his past, who he really was and who betrayed them. Some revelations and traitors really, really stunned me. I never saw it coming. And I loved it. Others made sense and could be more or less expected but these were few.
Ginny realizes she has been manipulated all along. She knew Grizz protected her from many brutal realities and she chose to go through life wearing pink glasses, not

########
Rank: 14
Score: 22.682209
Retrieved Text: In August of 65 the entire Marine Air Group -36 (MAG-36) boarded the U.S.S. Princeton, with all their helicopters, and left the west coast. While making stops in Pearl Harbor (for briefings) and Subic Bay Philippines (to load beer), we anchored off the coast of Vietnam on the last day of August. The one good thing we can say about sailing into Vietnamese waters on the 31st was it qualified us for $65 combat pay for the month of August. Oh, and we could mail letters for free. Big Whoop.
I would like for you to visualize a small hill, maybe a couple 500 feet high with very little vegetation growing on it. Well, that’s where they set us when we off-loaded from the ship. No Starbucks, no grocery stores, no hotels and most assuredly no bars, not that Marines would ever go in such a place mind you. They told us we were at Chu Lai but they lied. We were several clicks away from Chu Lai. We later found out it was Ky Ha, Republic of Vietnam. My feeling is this was punishment for something we had done in previous lives.
Having marked off an area for Maintenance and Admin offices, the aircraft were staged just outside the area. Our squadron, HMM-362, was set on the upper slope of the flight line area with the UH-1E squadron (VMO-2) on the downside next to the South China Sea. As for billeting, there was none. (See above 2nd paragraph about no hotels.) Most us set our shelter halves

########
Rank: 15
Score: 22.581585
Retrieved Text: The September/October 2017 issue is a real winner. The photo meditation by Father Veneroso is so beautiful, as is anything he writes. I enjoyed his experience with angels as a 6-year-old in “A rumor of angels.” I was also deeply moved by the “Grunt Padre.” Nobody deserves to be canonized more than Father Vincent Capodanno. Talk about laying down your life for your friends! Thank you for such inspirational reading.
Several years ago I learned about the book The Grunt Padre. I went several places trying to get a copy but was told they were all sold out or it was out of print. I even tried looking online. I was very disappointed.
I receive MARYKNOLL magazine and was surprised to see the article “The Grunt Padre, 50 Years Later” in the recent September/October 2017 issue. I so enjoyed the article about Father Vincent Capodanno and I have watched the docudrama “Called and Chosen” on EWTN.
In my opinion, he certainly deserves to be canonized.
All of this said, it is high time for Maryknoll to republish the book. It will be a great seller to Marines and others like me.
Editor’s note: The Grunt Padre: The Service & Sacrifice of Father Vincent Robert Capodanno, Vietnam 1966–1967 was not published by Maryknoll but by CMJ Marian Publishers and Distributors, P.O. Box 661, Oak Lawn, IL 60454, and is for sale on the company’s website, www.cmjbooks.com, and on some other websites that sell books.
I was personally touched by two illuminating stories in the September/October issue of Maryknoll. Once a year I travel

########
Rank: 16
Score: 22.567078
Retrieved Text: As soon as a king fell sick, it used to be very serious, he used to be unable to spend and drink the leisure. Lack of hunger and thirst made him more and more serious. He used to be unable to get up from mattress and broad paler day-after-day. His son and diverse family handled him from the total licensed medical doctors, but all of them failed to like his diseases. One of the most medical doctors got here to the conclusion that the saliva coming by intention of his gland used to be no longer producing to any extent further. Saliva is terribly wanted for the digestive plan as it digests the food. Lack of saliva has led to the shortcoming of bustle for food and thirst.
The total programs of therapy failed to address the king, no medication could additionally give him relief. The king could additionally no longer set apart away with the diseases. The total kingdom used to be insecure of the king's health. They tried the total that that it is doubtless you’ll imagine programs to detect the illness.
One day a truly ragged man had come to his province and he heard every other folks talking about the king's discouraged health. He stopped and requested what the topic used to be and what took set apart to the king. The opposite folks standing there told that the king used to be plagued by very irregular diseases and could no longer set apart away with the diseases. The total expert physician and neatly-liked

########
Rank: 17
Score: 22.540491
Retrieved Text: ...that the UNSC is over 400 years old?
The Halo Grunt Ad is a commercial for Halo: The Master Chief Collection released on March 14, 2015. It shows an Unggoy Storm being interviewed for being the only Covenant soldier who survived every battle against the Master Chief. Though he presents himself as though he were a very capable soldier, footage shows that he actually only survived each battle because he ran and hid.
Cut to a small studio with a chair, curtain, lights, and mic. An Unggoy Storm walks in from the right, sees the mic, and taps on it to be sure it's working.
Zoom in on the Grunt as he sits on the chair.
Interviewer: Hello there. You all set? You need some water?
The Grunt is handed a water bottle. He takes it and chugs it down, gagging a bit as he swallows.
Interviewer: Great. So, your claim to fame is that you are the only Covenant soldier to survive every battle with the Master Chief?
Interviewer: And you say this is because you are, quote, "smarter, stronger, and faster than the Master Chief"?
Cut to a battle of the beach of the Silent Cartographer. Zoom in on the Unggoy Storm, perched on a Forerunner structure.
Interviewer: But that's you hiding, isn't it?
Cut back to the studio.
Interviewer: I'm pretty sure it is.
Cut to a battle at Sniper Alley on Requiem. The Unggoy Storm flees behind a rock.
Grunt: Aw, that's nothing like me!
Cut to a battle in the ruins on Installation 05. The Unggoy Storm is hanging from a tree.
Grunt: Aw, that's c-clearly

########
Rank: 18
Score: 22.111048
Retrieved Text: Globalreinsurance.com joined the rest of the industry at Monte Carlo this month, bringing you a host of stories from the Reinsurance Rendez-Vous, along with dedicated email alerts to subscribers.
Willis chairman Joe Plumeri always interests our readers, so it was no surprise to see his comments concerning the headline-grabbing appointment of former AIG boss Martin Sullivan popping up in the most-read list.
No doubt Sullivan himself will get some stories into the charts once he takes up his new role at Willis.
Another well-known figure in the reinsurance world is Aon Benfield deputy chairman Grahame Chilton, and he also made our top five with his comments on recent management changes.
These saw him return to the reinsurance broker from its parent group, while chief executive Andrew Appel was replaced by co-chiefs Dominic Christian and Mike Bungert.
Characteristically upbeat, Chilton praised the strategy and said he was “absolutely thrilled” to be back at the reinsurer broker he helped found by selling Benfield to Aon in an mega-deal two years ago.
Outside Monaco, life went on – or rather, it didn’t – for Glacier Re, which got online readers clicking like crazy to read about the reinsurer’s decision to go into run-off after less than six years in business.
The story hit the top of our most-read items this month, and you can read a full analysis of the move in this month’s issue.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 22.039566
Retrieved Text: (5:07) Level 3 ('The Truth and Reconciliation') on Normal. My horde of 131 Grunts and Jackals produced via the Grunt-Jackal spawning trick included a weaponless Grunt who likes to pretend he has a fuel rod cannon. He made an appearance in BCM151 but I also wanted to give him a movie of his own. So here's five minutes of fun, put together from various plays.
Released September 27th 2015, gameplay recorded July-September 2015.
00:02 (Visit to the muster bay) The main part of the movie is made up of clips from multiple plays, but put together in a way that makes it appear like a single play. At the start here, when only these external guys remain, I get the Grunt down by shooting his foot, though it would've been possible to instead do it by making him leap in surprise, as seen in BCM151. I quickly kill a few other covies who came down, then crouch to start getting some good views of him. The game got so overloaded, he spawned without a weapon. But for some weird reason, he acts and sounds as if he's got a fuel rod cannon! There's more footage of him as he heads for the muster bay, but I block him at the pillar.
01:40 The game was so overloaded that nobody spawned in the muster bay. Also I killed the few covies from my horde who managed to make it that far, so the muster bay is deserted. I play around with the Grunt a little, and as you see, he

########
Rank: 20
Score: 22.016977
Retrieved Text: Cpl Joe Taylor, center, and two of his buddies in Vietnam with a bomb-sniffing police dog. Taylor served with Delta Company, 1st Battalion, 26th Marine Regiment, 4th Marine Division in the 1960s. Photo provided.
“Why were we there? What did we accomplish?” he asks himself 40 years later. The 63-year-old Marine Corps sergeant from Cape Coral, Fla. has no answers to these questions.
What he can tell you is how he felt being an 18-year-old Marine fighting in a strange land a long way from home four decades ago.
His unit: Delta Company, 1st Battalion, 26th Marine Regiment, 4th Marine Division was the first Marine unit to arrive in Vietnam by ship. It was 1966 when they reached De Nang. They were flown by helicopter to the war zone whenever the fighting got difficult, more troops were needed and back to the ship after the shooting was over.
“When they fed you steak and eggs for breakfast you knew you were going into a hot combat zone that morning. You’d better look around you because the person in front of you or in back of you might not be there when you returned,” Taylor said.
After their battalion reached Red Beach in De Nang Charlie and Delta Companies were sent to Hill 55, about 20 miles outside De Nang. Their job: Hold the hill at all costs.
“The second night we were there we were overrun by NVA (North Vietnamese Army) regulars and VC (Vietcong) guerrillas. They were coming at us in human waves,” Taylor said. “We had strung concertina wire around

########
Rank: 21
Score: 21.959846
Retrieved Text: Michael Pratt is the cofounder and CEO of Panamplify, a company building intelligent systems to eliminate grunt work and transform the way people do their jobs. Panamplify was born out of insights identified while running Extra Sauce, the digital marketing agency he founded in 2010. In a previous life, Pratt ran the Media, Telecommunication and Entertainment proprietary trading desk at Goldman Sachs for 10 years before forming the statistical arbitrage hedge fund Modulus Capital in 2005.
After a long career in finance, he went back to his first love, digital, and started Extra Sauce. Along the way, Pratt founded the 4,000+ member professional organization Digital Dallas after relocating from New York. He has a degree in aerospace engineering from the United States Military Academy at West Point, and after serving in the Army Corps of Engineers he received an MBA in finance from Duke University. Pratt currently resides in Dallas with his sons Harry and Jack and enjoys cycling.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 21.95693
Retrieved Text: persist with Mark Harrison via his fight in civilian lifestyles after being pressured to depart the military, because the "Arte et Marte" sequence is introduced jointly right into a designated Anniversary variation to have a good time the 1st 12 months of JP Gray's work.
In dystopian México, the absence of a simply and ethical executive has ended in a vacuum the place evil runs almost unchecked. Society festers the place an underground empire principles a land in self-destruct mode. Rampant corruption in any respect degrees prospers in an atmosphere the place many compromise their ideas and their advantage for narco-money.
The conflict in Vietnam in 1966 is still etched at the stories of all who served there. This exciting, barrel-ride of a singular takes readers contained in the cockpit within the warmth of recent conflict and examines the internal clash of individuals serving their nation in awesome circumstances.
Set through the Vietnam struggle period, this brief novel occurs on the Officer Candidate university in Quantico, Virginia. the tale follows the growth of personal Jack Kendrick as he learns concerning the chain of army authority. He and his fellow infantrymen needs to learn how to stand at consciousness, prior to their superiors, and express recognize for hierarchy.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 21.90638
Retrieved Text: Goldman Sachs plans to treat junior bankers better to help retain young talent.
In the past few years, it’s become trendy to periodically wonder whether Silicon Valley is the new Wall Street. Such ruminations are often triggered by the latest reports on where newly minted college grads are headed, which really means Harvard kids. And yikes, was the banking sector in for a tough break this year. Over at Harvard Business School, a mere 4 percent of the class of 2015 said they intended to work at a bank after graduating in May. Among those respondents, only one was in the top 5 percent of the class. Tech, on the other hand, was attracting a reported 16 percent of Harvard’s MBAs, six of whom were at the top of the class.
Ruined weekends, PowerPoint drudgery and overnight shifts in Manhattan skyscrapers once were a point of pride for the Harvard Business School graduates who went to Wall Street. Now young stars hold heads high about how lucrative and healthy their lives will be—elsewhere.
Yes, would-be millennial Wall Streeters want—gulp—work-life balance. Or at least the chance to work in a fun, cool, Google-esque office where work-life balance, if not exactly a real thing, at least seems gestured at thanks to free meals, nap rooms, yoga classes, and other perks. This, as you can imagine, puts the big banks of Wall Street in a tough position. They have long relied on money and prestige—but certainly not work-life balance—to attract and retain top talent.
Just a few years after scrapping its two-year analyst

########
Rank: 24
Score: 21.812212
Retrieved Text: Kiwanuka or KK as he is popularly known, is a grandson of the club’s founder member Jolly Joe Kiwanuka.
Prominent City lawyer Kiryowa Kiwanuka is new Express Football Club chairman.
He takes over from Hassan Bulwadda who assumed the chairmanship last season from Florence Nakiwala Kiyingi, who is also Youth and Children Affairs State Minister.
“The company appoints/nominates Kiryowa Kiwanuka as club and board chairman for a period of three years,” reads an August 14 club resolution.
Kiwanuka or KK as he is popularly known, is a grandson of the club’s founder member Jolly Joe Kiwanuka and a son of former chairman Jimmy Mugambe Kiwanuka.
In sports circles he is best remembered for his 2014-15 stellar show as Uganda Golf Union president.
He won virtually all competitions Uganda entered. Amongst these was Uganda’s first ever Africa Zone six victory.
He was also President Yoweri Museveni’s lawyer in a 2016 case where the head of state’s re-election was challenged. Kiryowa again triumphed when the Supreme Court ruled in Museveni’s favour.
“Kiwanuka, 45, is tasked to appoint a full board, the management, and technical committees of the sports club and, all other club officials shall report to him,” reads the resolution in part.
This shall all be in preparation on the new season that kicks-off next month.
Kiwanuka replaces Bulwadda whose assignment last season was to save Express from relegation.
Bulwadda took charge after a tumultuous term of Florence Nakiwala Kiyingi where players went for months unpaid.
Before Nakiwala another lawyer Kavuma Kabenge had also struggled to keep the club afloat.
Well aware of what he is getting into, Kiwanuka is

########
Rank: 25
Score: 21.780598
Retrieved Text: John Sack is an integral part of Esquire lore. This was the guy who sneaked aboard an American landing ship during the Korean War to interview Chinese POWs; the guy who shadowed the grunts of M Company in Fort Dix, New Jersey, and rolled out with them to Vietnam—the first time any reporter had truly embedded with the military. A helmeted, crew-cutted, go-to-hell-and-back-and-tell-it-like-it-is kind of shoe-leather reporter, Sack helped invent New Journalism. Everyone knows Gay Talese and Tom Wolfe and Norman Mailer, but there’s an argument that Sack may have been the least known and best New Journalist of them all.
For Esquire, John Sack has always covered the uncomfortable, the undeniable, the essential. His stories on the heavy-handed Chicago cops at the 1968 Democratic National Convention and the Holocaust deniers across the U.S. are as important today as they were when Esquire first published them.
But Sack’s legacy is cemented in “M,” Esquire Classic’s free story of the week. It’s required reading for anyone struggling to understand Vietnam—as most of us still are—and it’s a crucial turning point in the history of journalism, when the world was introduced firsthand to the misery and thrill and chaos and disorder of men at war.
And it’s also a subject of the biweekly Esquire Classic podcast. You can listen to that here, and read the full story here. You won’t regret it.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 21.71529
Retrieved Text: At just 20 years of age, Joe Babich fell into wine-judging accidentally.
One of the judges pulled out of the 1961 Royal Easter Show at the last minute, and Joe stepped up to take his place. Although young, Joe’s hands-on experience with Josip had given him quite a sophisticated palate and many of his assessments matched up with the more experienced judges. From that early start, judging became an important part of Joe’s career for 35 years. He went on to be Chairman of Judges at the Air New Zealand Wine Awards on six occasions. What Joe loved most about judging was seeing the quality of New Zealand wine improve – and picking up some good ideas for his own wines along the way.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 21.64683
Retrieved Text: Racenews was founded in 1990 by Mark Popham, previously chief reporter and news editor of The Sporting Life newspaper.
Started working in racing after York University and took in Raceform and helping a professional gambler before a postgraduate course in journalism. Once a qualified journalist, he wrote for the Handicap Book, Sporting Chronicle and Weekender before joining The Sporting Life. Went freelance in 1988 and formed Racenews two years later.
Appointed non-executive chairman of Racenews in June, 1998. Formerly chief executive of the Horseracing Advisory Council, managing director of the Racecourse Association and chairman of Sports Corporate Research.
With a background in advertising and social work, she worked for Racenews as a consultant from 1990-1997 and then became non-executive director. Executive director of the Centre for Innovation and Partnerships at Newham College of FE from 1998 to 2010, she was awarded the Queen’s Award for Enterprise Promotion in 2005. Now Vice Principal of Westminster Kingsway College.
Joined Racenews in 2000 after studying law at the University of North London and Inns Of Court School of Law.
Spent six years with Ladbrokes and has worked for Racenews since 2007.
Started at Racenews after leaving school at the beginning of 2012.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 21.63673
Retrieved Text: For a Kentucky rifleman who spent his tour trudging through Vietnam's Central Highlands, it was Nancy Sinatra's 'These Boots Are Made for Walkin'.' For a 'tunnel rat' who blew smoke into the Viet Cong's underground tunnels, it was Jimi Hendrix's 'Purple Haze.' For a black marine distraught over the assassination of Martin Luther King, Jr., it was Aretha Franklin's 'Chain of Fools.' And for countless other Vietnam vets, it was 'I Feel Like I'm Fixin' to Die,' 'Who'll Stop the Rain,' or the song that gives this book its title.
In We Gotta Get Out of This Place, Doug Bradley and Craig Werner place popular music at the heart of the American experience in Vietnam. They explore how and why U.S. troops turned to music as a way of connecting to each other and the World back home and of coping with the complexities of the war they had been sent to fight. They also demonstrate that music was important for every group of Vietnam veterans-black and white, Latino and Native American, men and women, officers and 'grunts'-whose personal reflections drive the book's narrative.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 21.556204
Retrieved Text: The Dublin 15 Community Broadcasting Cooperative Society was established in 1989 and registered by the Registry of Friendly Societies on July 25, 1990. We received our first licence in 1999 and went on air in January 2000. In 2015, 92.5 Phoenix FM celebrated 25 years of broadcasting.
In 2009 the Station employed a manager and staff recruited within the Community Services Programme supported by Department of Social Protection and POBAL to manage the station and increase services to the growing Dublin 15 community.
The station’s programming reflects the wide range of views and interests within the Dublin 15 community through programmes on a variety of topics such as the arts, sports, news, current affairs, local history, religious topics and many more. Specialist music, emerging local bands and theatre and musical societies are also broadcast regularly.
Alan Connolly was the Secretary in 1989 when Phoenix FM was formed and subsequently Chairman of the station. He is a Former Insurance Company General Manager and Chairman of Phoenix FM’s Programming, Training & Outreach Committee. Alan is also a former Member of the Community Radio Forum of Ireland Coordinating Committee, the Governing Body of CRAOL. He was Chairman of Anna Livia Radio, now Dublin City FM from 1999 to 2002 and is a former Chairman Dublin 15 Community Council.
David Hughes is the Deputy General Secretary INMO. He has been involved with the 92.5 Phoenix FM since 2000. and has produced and presented a six part series on horse breeding in Clonsilla, “Can You Hear the Sound of Thoroughbred Hooves?” He was also Presenter

================



======= Instance Index 449 =========
Input Text: The word "abatement" has multiple meanings. Does it have the same meaning in sentences 1 and 2? Yes or no?

Sentence 1: The abatement of a nuisance is the suppression thereof.
Sentence 2: Laws enforcing noise abatement.

Target Text: Yes

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 42.295578
Retrieved Text: The CroswodSolver.com system found 22 answers for a state of group loyalty crossword clue. Our system collect crossword clues from most populer crossword, cryptic puzzle, quick/small crossword that found in Daily Mail, Daily Telegraph, Daily Express, Daily Mirror, Herald-Sun, The Courier-Mail, Dominion Post and many others popular newspaper. Enter the answer length or the answer pattern to get better results.
Abandonment The act of abandoning, or the state of being abandoned; total desertion; relinquishment.
Abbotship The state or office of an abbot.
Abatement The act of abating, or the state of being abated; a lessening, diminution, or reduction; removal or putting an end to; as, the abatement of a nuisance is the suppression thereof.
Abbreviature An abbreviation; an abbreviated state or form.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 37.45052
Retrieved Text: Main Title Guidelines and Sample Training Workbook for Police Enforcement of Noise Regulations.
CORP Author Faucett (Jack) Associates, Inc., Chevy Chase, MD.;Environmental Protection Agency, Arlington, VA. Office of Noise Abatement and Control.
This document contains materials suitable for use in training police officers to enforce noise control laws. It consists of two courses, one to train officers in enforcing their own specific laws and the second is designed to train instructors at police academies and similar institutions, in conducting the first course. The materials for these courses were culled from a wide selection of laws and regulations enforced, of the procedures followed in their enforcement, of the data and records kept and problems that occurred.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 34.12217
Retrieved Text: § 215.010 Purpose and Scope.
§ 215.030 Duty of Administrator, Building Inspector and Chief of Police.
§ 215.040 Administrator or Building Inspector and Chief of Police May Enter Premises.
§ 215.050 Duty To Abate Nuisance On Order of Administrator or Building Inspector.
§ 215.060 Liable For Nuisance — Who.
§ 215.070 Nuisances Abated After Notice — Mode — Payment — Special Tax Bills.
§ 215.080 Abatement of Nuisance Without Notice — Mode — Payment — Special Tax Bills.
§ 215.090 City's Right To Civil Action To Secure Abatement and For Costs of Abating A Nuisance.
§ 215.100 Apportionment of Costs of Abating Nuisance Located On Property of More Than One Owner.
§ 215.110 Right of Entry On Premises To Abate Nuisances.
§ 215.120 Enumeration of Nuisances.
Section 215.010 Purpose and Scope.
Section 215.030 Duty of Administrator, Building Inspector and Chief of Police.
Section 215.040 Administrator or Building Inspector and Chief of Police May Enter Premises.
Section 215.050 Duty To Abate Nuisance On Order of Administrator or Building Inspector.
Section 215.060 Liable For Nuisance — Who.
Section 215.070 Nuisances Abated After Notice — Mode — Payment — Special Tax Bills.
Section 215.080 Abatement of Nuisance Without Notice — Mode — Payment — Special Tax Bills.
Section 215.090 City's Right To Civil Action To Secure Abatement and For Costs of Abating A Nuisance.
Section 215.100 Apportionment of Costs of Abating Nuisance Located On Property of More Than One Owner.
Section 215.110 Right of Entry On Premises To Abate Nuisances.
Section 215.120 Enumeration of Nuisances.
The purpose of this Chapter is to provide a just, equitable and practicable method for the abatement and/or removal of nuisances that may endanger the life,

########
Rank: 3
Score: 32.550762
Retrieved Text: Air emissions from manufacturing chemicals can contain a wide range of harmful substances which can have negative effects on the environment and human health.
volatile organic compounds (VOCs), eg acetaldehyde, ethylene, phenol.
You must find out if you need a PPC permit.
You must make sure that your business does not cause a nuisance to your neighbours or the local community. Nuisances include smoke, dust, odour, noise and vibration. Anyone affected by a nuisance can take legal action against you or your business, or complain to your local council.
If your business causes a nuisance, or could cause or repeat a nuisance, you can be issued with an abatement notice. Your local council's environmental health department or the courts can issue abatement notices. You can be fined if you do not comply with an abatement notice.
require you to carry out works or take other steps to restrict or remove the nuisance.
For further information see our guidance on Noise, odour and all nuisances.
emissions from waste and waste water treatment processes.
You must not cause or allow chimneys or bonfires on your site to emit dark smoke. You can apply for an exemption from this requirement when burning certain waste materials in the open - for example, waste explosives.
You must still comply with any other legislation that covers these activities.
Store oils, fuels, solvents and chemicals in suitable, sealed containers. Make sure that lids fit tightly. This will help you avoid causing air pollution from odours and dust.
Make sure the seals in your equipment fit properly and are in good condition, eg around valves

########
Rank: 4
Score: 29.158491
Retrieved Text: Late yesterday, the California First District Court of Appeal ruled in Citizens for a Eureka v. California Coastal Commission that the Commission has Coastal Act appellate jurisdiction over the Balloon Track nuisance abatement. PLF attorneys represent the Citizens, and had argued that the Coastal Act's provision exempting nuisance abatements from Coastal Commission jurisdiction means that the Commission had no say in the Balloon Track cleanup.
The court of appeal disagreed, holding that the Coastal Act's exemption for nuisance abatements only applies to abatements that are narrowly tailored to abating the nuisance. Here, the court found that there was substantial evidence supporting the conclusion that the nuisance abatement went beyond what was necessary to abate the nuisance, because the abatement required site remediation and wetlands creation. Perhaps the only silver lining to the court's decision is its implicit assumption that the determination of whether a nuisance abatement is excessive or not is properly made in the first instance by the court, not by the Commission.
Curiously, the court declined to rule on the Commission's objection that the Citizens' case is unripe because the administrative process surrounding the Balloon Track cleanup is ongoing with the Commission. The court's refusal to address administrative exhaustion is peculiar because the exhaustion requirement is jurisdictional. The hard and fast rule is that a court is not allowed to reach the merits of a dispute if it does not have jurisdiction to begin with; and a court cannot presume jurisdiction to reach the merits. But that appears to be precisely what the court has done

########
Rank: 5
Score: 28.605661
Retrieved Text: More and more cities are enacting chronic nuisance property ordinances. Along with Tim Burke, I represented a large property owner in a federal court challenge to Cincinnati's ordinance. That case ultimately settled, but only after the City agreed to amend the ordinance and pay a large sum of attorneys' fees. I have also helped property owners comply with chronic nuisance ordinances by taking proactive safety measures as well as crafting nuisance abatement plans.
In late 2006, the City of Cincinnati adopted Chapter 761 of the Cincinnati Municipal Code, entitled Chronic Nuisance Premises. The ordinance sought to impose responsibility and sanctions on landlords for the conduct of tenants, visitors, and guests on the landlord’s property. Cincinnati has revised the ordinance at least twice (in late 2011 and late 2013), but the intent of the ordinance has remained the same. Several Northern Kentucky municipalities, including Florence, Park Hills, and Bellevue, have followed suit, enacting chronic nuisance ordinances of their own.
Though the various ordinances have different and distinct features, the general framework is similar. In short, the ordinances contain a list of activities that qualify as a violation of the ordinance. Such nuisance activities are deemed a nuisance call for service. When a property passes a certain threshold for a number of nuisance calls for service within a prescribed period of time, the municipality will declare the property to be a chronic nuisance property.
After a property is declared a chronic nuisance property, the next step is for the property owner to submit a proposed abatement plan to the municipality. Abatement

########
Rank: 6
Score: 28.472218
Retrieved Text: 100 Year Old Weblog: May 19, 1916 TO CURB SMOKE NUISANCE.
May 19, 1916 TO CURB SMOKE NUISANCE.
City Counselor Is Drafting Ordinance Requiring Abatement.
The city counselor's department is busy on the draft of an ordinance to be introduced in the council providing for the abatement of the smoke nuisance from the manufacturing and heating plants.
City Counselor Harzfeld, as president of the City Club, has for a number of months had experts at work compiling data for the ordinance. It embraces the results obtained in twenty-eight cities that claim to have mastered the smoke situation.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 28.229742
Retrieved Text: Section 3767.01 - Nuisances - Disorderly Houses Definitions.
Section 3767.03 - Abatement Of Nuisance - Bond.
Section 3767.04 - Procedure In Injunction Action.
Section 3767.05 - Priority Of Action - Evidence - Permanent Injunction - Abatement Orders.
Section 3767.06 - Order Of Abatement To Direct Removal Of Personal Property And Contents - Attorney General Nuisance Abatement Fund.
Section 3767.07 - Court Shall Punish Offender For Violation Of Injunction Or Order.
Section 3767.08 - Tax When Permanent Injunction Issues - Payment.
Section 3767.09 - Tax Shall Be Imposed Against Owner Of Property.
Section 3767.10 - Lease Void If Building Used For Lewd Purposes.
Section 3767.11 - Procedure When Nuisance Established In Criminal Proceeding.
Section 3767.12 - Habitual Resort For Thieves, Burglars, Robbers Or Persons Involved In Felonious Conduct.
Section 3767.13 - Prohibited Acts.
Section 3767.14 - Prohibition Against Throwing Refuse, Oil, Or Filth Into Lakes, Streams, Or Drains.
Section 3767.15 - Fine And Costs Are A Lien.
Section 3767.16 - Prohibition Against Deposit Of Dead Animals And Offal Upon Land Or Water.
Section 3767.17 - Prohibition Against Obstructing Township Or County Ditch.
Section 3767.18 - Prohibition Against Defiling Spring Or Well.
Section 3767.19 - Prohibition Against Nuisances When Near State Institutions.
Section 3767.201 - Destroying Or Removing Barriers Along Limited Access Highways.
Section 3767.23 - Corporations May Be Prosecuted For Nuisance - Abatement.
Section 3767.24 - Contempt Proceedings.
Section 3767.26 - Judgment For Fine And Costs.
Section 3767.27 - Inspector Of Nuisances.
Section 3767.28 - Inspector Of Nuisances - Powers And Duties.
Section 3767.29 - Prohibition Against Abandoned Refrigerators.
Section 3767.30 - Picketing Or Protest During Funeral Or Burial Service Prohibited.
Section 3767.33 - Authorization For Disposal Of Materials In Or Upon Banks

########
Rank: 8
Score: 27.89514
Retrieved Text: 25-3-1 ACCUMULATION PROHIBITED. No person shall permit any garbage or trash to accumulate on their premises or private property. It is hereby declared to be a nuisance and it shall be unlawful for the owner or occupant of real estate to refuse or neglect to remove the garbage or debris.
25-3-2 NOTICE TO PERSON. The Mayor, Chief of Police, or the Mayor’s designated representative may issue a written notice for removal of garbage or debris. Such garbage or debris shall be removed by the owner or occupant within five (5) days after such notice has been duly served.
25-3-3 SERVICE OF NOTICE. Service of notice provided for herein may be effected by handing the same to the owner, occupant, or lessee of the premises, or to any member of his household of the age of fifteen (15) years or older found on the premises or by mailing such notice to the last known residence address of the owner; provided that if the premises are unoccupied and the owner’s address cannot be obtained, then the notice may be served by posting the same upon the premises.
25-3-4 ABATEMENT. If the person so served does not abate the nuisance within five (5) days, the Village may proceed to abate such nuisance, keeping an account of the expense of the abatement and such expense shall be charged and paid by such owner or occupant.
A description of the real estate sufficient for identification thereof.
The amount of money representing the cost and expense incurred or payable for the service.
The date or dates when said

########
Rank: 9
Score: 27.881874
Retrieved Text: RCW 7.48.020: Who may sue—Judgment for damages—Warrant for abatement—Injunction.
Who may sue—Judgment for damages—Warrant for abatement—Injunction.
Such action may be brought by any person whose property is, or whose patrons or employees are, injuriously affected or whose personal enjoyment is lessened by the nuisance. If judgment be given for the plaintiff in such action, he or she may, in addition to the execution to enforce the same, on motion, have an order allowing a warrant to issue to the sheriff to abate and to deter or prevent the resumption of such nuisance. Such motion shall be allowed, of course, unless it appear on the hearing that the nuisance has ceased, or that such remedy is inadequate to abate or prevent the continuance of the nuisance, in which latter case the plaintiff may have the defendant enjoined.
Findings—Declaration—Severability—1994 c 45: See notes following RCW 7.48.140.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 27.862652
Retrieved Text: The City Council of the City of Willits hereby amends WMC Ch. 17.86 as follows: Section 1.
marijuana. The Willits Police Department has also received numerous reports of thefts of outside grown marijuana from neighborhoods within the City. 14. The City of Willits is a relatively small city with a population of approximately 5000 persons. It has one full time planner and one building inspector. It has limited resources available to engage in extensive regulation of marijuana cultivation. 15. Pursuant to the authority of California Government Code Section 38771, the City Council may declare what constitutes a nuisance. Due to the complaints of odor and the public safety concerns described herein, the City Council finds that the outdoor cultivation of marijuana within the City limits constitutes a public nuisance. 16. The right of qualified patients and their primary caregivers under state law to cultivate marijuana plants for medical purposes does not confer upon them the right to create or maintain a public nuisance. By declaring outdoor marijuana growing within the City to be unlawful the City anticipates a significant reduction in the complaints of odor and the risks of crime described herein. 17. It is the City Council's intention that nothing in this ordinance shall conflict with federal law as contained in the federal Controlled Substances Act, nor to otherwise permit any activity that is prohibited under that Act. It is also the City Council's intention that nothing in this ordinance shall be construed to (1) allow persons to engage in conduct that endangers others or causes

########
Rank: 11
Score: 27.785995
Retrieved Text: Traffic noise is a significant externality in urban areas that reduces the quality of life and may produce non-negligible effects on human health. The main factor responsible for traffic noise is individual transportation (cars and motorcycles) and the more congested the urban network, the higher the average level of traffic noise. An Urban Traffic Plan (UTP) is a tool for managing the urban mobility; in Italy the UTP is provided for under national laws and one of its objectives is noise abatement. The UTP manages the network (road directions, signal settings, etc.) without providing new infrastructures. In this paper, we test the effectiveness of UTPs in terms of noise abatement on a real case: the Urban Traffic Plan of Benevento. In this paper, we compare the estimated equivalent noise levels in several points of the town for the current scenario and for the (final) design scenario. Initial results show that, in order to evaluate the actual effectiveness of the UTP vis-à-vis traffic noise, some more comprehensive indicators have to be proposed: evaluating traffic noise reduction only in some points of the network cannot yield clear-cut results.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 27.299444
Retrieved Text: Road noise nuisance is a huge problem in Nordic municipalities. It seems difficult to meet national targets for noise abatement. One reason is lack of municipal attention. This study of municipal noise abatement policy shows that road traffic noise abatement in general does not seem to be institutionalised, neither in the municipal organisation nor in the near surroundings. We point out important conditions for making municipalities more active in implementing road noise abatement measures in existing dwelling areas.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 27.126509
Retrieved Text: ​The City of Oshkosh Mayor and City Council met for regular session on March 9, 2017 at 7:00 p.m.
Motion made by DeCock, seconded by Assmann, to approve the change of order for the agenda, approve the minutes of the previous meeting and to waive the reading thereof. Voting Yea: DeCock, Assmann, and Cook. Abstained: Davis. Motion carried.
The Health Board Report was gone over. Attorney Robinson-Boone will send certified letters to the residents that are in violation of the city code.
Sheriff Quinn handed out the February Sheriff’s Report.
Jeff Kelley, Executive Director for Panhandle Area Development, gave an update on PADD and what PADD is about and the services they provide.
Judy Soule was present for her request for a Llama Permit. Motion by Assmann, seconded by Davis, to approve the permit for three llamas from April to October 2017. Motion carried unanimously.
Scotty Ray, Animal Control Officer, gave his report.
Agenda Item # 2 OLD BUSINESS: Attorney Robinson-Boone went over the application for a Variance Request for the water project. The Mayor and Council discussed at length, how to proceed with said application.
Motion by Cook, seconded by DeCock, to approve a building permit for Kristine Seibel. Motion carried unanimously.
At this time, the Mayor and Council viewed a DVD on Fair Housing. HUD Fair Housing pamphlets are available at City Hall for the public. The National Fair Housing Month is in April.
Motion by DeCock, seconded by Davis, to approve a Special Designated Liquor License Application for Fraternal Order of Eagles on April 15, 2017, at the City Auditorium for the Pheasants

########
Rank: 14
Score: 26.626833
Retrieved Text: § 220.010 Nuisances Unlawful — Defined.
§ 220.030 Right of Entry.
§ 220.050 Notice — Contents.
§ 220.060 Failure To Comply — Penalty.
§ 220.110 Weeds To Be Removed.
§ 220.130 Public Officer — Notice To Remove.
§ 220.140 Abatement — Nuisance Fee — Assessment of Costs.
§ 220.150 Right of Entry.
§ 220.170 Failure To Comply — Penalty.
§ 220.190 Findings of Governing Body.
§ 220.200 Vehicle Nuisances Unlawful.
§ 220.230 Right of Entry.
§ 220.250 Notice — Contents.
§ 220.260 Failure To Comply — Penalty.
§ 220.270 Abatement by Public Officer; Assessment of Costs.
§ 220.280 Disposition of Vehicle.
Section 220.010 Nuisances Unlawful — Defined.
Section 220.030 Right of Entry.
Section 220.050 Notice — Contents.
Section 220.060 Failure To Comply — Penalty.
Section 220.110 Weeds To Be Removed.
Section 220.130 Public Officer — Notice To Remove.
Section 220.140 Abatement — Nuisance Fee — Assessment of Costs.
Section 220.150 Right of Entry.
Section 220.170 Failure To Comply — Penalty.
Section 220.190 Findings of Governing Body.
Section 220.200 Vehicle Nuisances Unlawful.
Section 220.230 Right of Entry.
Section 220.250 Notice — Contents.
Section 220.260 Failure To Comply — Penalty.
Section 220.270 Abatement by Public Officer; Assessment of Costs.
Section 220.280 Disposition of Vehicle.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 26.439356
Retrieved Text: SF 93 makes changes to the abandoned structures and abatement law. The bill removes the length of time needed to consider a structure abandoned, along with evidence of financial responsibility, if the property is in need of abatement. A hearing is eliminated if those interested show intent and responsibility to restore the property in good faith. The bill’s aim is to motivate current owners to restore nuisance properties with local option.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 26.331408
Retrieved Text: Feed or Feeding means the act of furnishing, exposing, placing, depositing, distributing or scattering, whether intentionally or negligently, any food or substance of any kind which is likely to attract, lure, or entice wild animals.
Wild animal means any species of animal wild by nature, as distinguished from the common domesticated animals. A wild animal is one that can survive in its natural environment without the help or assistance of humans, including but not limited to raccoons, bears, coyotes, deer, foxes, groundhogs, opossums, skunks, rats, mice, squirrels, and waterfowl.
Nuisance as used in this Section means whatever annoys, injures or endangers the safety, health, comfort or repose of the public; offends public decency; interferes with, obstructs or renders dangerous any street, highway, navigable lake or stream; or renders the public insecure in life or property.
(1) It shall be unlawful for any person, or agent thereof to feed wild animals upon public property or private property in such a way that causes a nuisance.
(2) It shall be unlawful to authorize or aid or abet any other person to feed wild animals upon public property or private property in such a way that causes a nuisance.
(3) It shall be unlawful to leave or store any refuse, garbage, food waste, pet food, seed or bird seed, fruit, meat, dairy, vegetable, grain or other food in a negligent manner likely to feed wild animals in such a way that causes a nuisance.
(1) The feeding of small songbirds or other backyard birds shall be permitted outdoors at such times and in such numbers

########
Rank: 17
Score: 26.212673
Retrieved Text: The New York Civil Liberties Union (the “NYCLU”) respectfully submits the following testimony to the Committee on Public Safety in support of the proposed legislation, Int. Nos. 1308 through 1344-2016 (collectively, the “Nuisance Abatement Fairness Act” or the “Bills”). These Bills seek to reform New York City’s Nuisance Abatement Law (the “NAL”) to address features of the existing law that have resulted in its widespread misuse, overwhelmingly against low-income New Yorkers in communities of color.
The NYCLU, the New York State affiliate of the American Civil Liberties Union, is a not-for-profit, nonpartisan organization with eight offices across the state and 65,000 members. The NYCLU’s mission is to defend and promote the fundamental principles, rights, and constitutional values embodied in the Bill of Rights of the U.S. Constitution and the Constitution of the State of New York. This mission includes the rights to equality, due process, and access to justice that are implicated by today’s legislation.
In light of our long history of vigorously defending the rights and liberties of New Yorkers against unjust and unconstitutional police action, the NYCLU is pleased to testify in support of the Bills. For far too long, the NAL has been misused and exploited by the NYPD to evict or displace thousands of people and their families or businesses—overwhelmingly in communities of color—with inadequate process and without the protections guaranteed by traditional landlord-tenant or criminal proceedings. These Bills represent a welcome step taken by the Council to address the absence of due process protections in the current law and to ensure that the

########
Rank: 18
Score: 25.815607
Retrieved Text: D.C. Law Library - § 42–3631. Definitions.
For temporary amendment of section, see § 2(a) of the Drug House Abatement Emergency Amendment Act of 1996 (D.C. Act 11-446, December 5, 1996, 43 DCR 6664).
For temporary amendment of section, see § 2 of the Abatement of Controlled Dangerous Substances Nuisances Emergency Amendment Act of 1998 (D.C. Act 12-376, June 5, 1998, 45 DCR 4461), § 2 of the Abatement of Controlled Dangerous Substances Nuisances Legislative Review Emergency Amendment Act of 1998 (D.C. Act 12-424, July 31, 1998, 45 DCR 5680), and § 2 of the Abatement of Controlled Dangerous Substances Nuisances Congressional Review Emergency Amendment Act of 1998 (D.C. Act 12-513, November 18, 1998, 45 DCR 9047).
For temporary (225 day) amendment of section, see § 2 of Abatement of Controlled Dangerous Substances Nuisance Temporary Amendment Act of 1998 (D.C. Law 12-158, October 7, 1998, law notification 45 DCR 7576).

########
Rank: 19
Score: 25.751545
Retrieved Text: Most landlords in Green Bay take pride in their properties and work toward finding good tenants. In those cases where properties or tenants repeatedly act to degrade the quality of life in their neighborhood, the city has created Ordinance Chapter 28 to hold landlords responsible for nuisance activity that occurs on their property. Landlords are made aware of potential nuisances via a Landlord Notification Form. If a property meets the criteria to be classified as a public nuisance, the landlord is notified and must then take steps to keep the problem from recurring. If the landlord is either unwilling or unable to curb the public nuisance occurring at their property, the landlord can be cited and fined at the end of this process. Formal definitions of nuisance activity and the processes followed for nuisance abatement or defined in Ordinance 28, listed below.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 25.544128
Retrieved Text: VOICES--Last week, late on Wednesday night (11/29/17) and on into Thursday, thousands of residents across Los Angeles’ Westside smelled “gas” touching off concern, fear, distress, worry and … a host of adverse health effects.
To address the incident, CD5’s Paul Koretz arranged for an “emergency” hearing on the matter in council chambers. Reporting was the city’s Petroleum Administrator, and representatives from LAFD and Southern California Gas Corporation (SCG). Oddly, the city’s lessee and the company ultimately responsible, the gas extraction corporation Hillcrest Beverly Oil (HBOC), did not contribute to this report.
At approximately 9pm on Wednesday evening, toxic “gas odorant” spilled and becoming airborne in appreciable quantities, caused the alarm and ultimate widespread reporting of adverse health conditions across the Westside.
The spilled odorant originated on land that the City of LA (CoLA) leases to HBOC. An oil extraction site operates from a small acreage cordoned off on the grounds of the golf course at Pico between Motor and Patricia. It seems that as oil is extracted there the odorless gas that comes with it is shunted to HBOC’s vendor, SoCalGas onsite and simultaneously “odorized” (oxidized) for detection, a safety precaution.
The extraction is under the purview of Hillcrest Beverly Oil Corporation and the oxidation process is under the purview of SoCalGas. It is SCG’s equipment that failed, located on private, locked land within the oil companies’ private patch, which is leased by HBOC from CoLA. HBOC is the city’s vendor; they are in charge of this leased land. It is they with whom the city has a relationship, not

########
Rank: 21
Score: 25.424147
Retrieved Text: In 2016 Northampton Borough Council investigated reports of noise nuisance at the home of Joyce McFarlane in Bladon Close, Northampton.
Following this, in May of that year, she was served with a section 80 abatement notice under the Environmental Protection Act 1990 for excessive dog barking.
In August 2016 McFarlane was again investigated and found to have breached the abatement notice and in January 2017 she was fined £200, with costs of £1,000 and a £30 victim surcharge.
Inform the council of any change in ownership of the dogs.
Further complaints were received in March, May and June the same year which resulted in further investigations and the execution of a warrant, during which Council staff found a higher number of dogs.
Further visits were made to witness the noise from within the complainants’ property and recording equipment was used between 4 January and 8 January 2018.
Cllr Mike Hallam, Northampton Borough Council Cabinet member for environment, said: “At one point, over the period of 20 minutes, a staggering total of 642 barks were recorded.
“This is simply not acceptable and we use all of the tools at our disposal to support residents who have to put up with this kind of nuisance.
During a hearing in June 2018 McFarlane pled guilty to breaching the Criminal Behaviour order, but not guilty to breach of the Noise Abatement Notice.
She was summonsed to Wellingborough Magistrates’ Court on Monday 22 October where she was found guilty on eight counts of breaching the abatement notice.
She was sentenced to eight weeks in prison, suspended for a year, and a

########
Rank: 22
Score: 25.287724
Retrieved Text: Today mosquitoes are more than just a back yard nuisance.
West Nile Virus and Zika are only two of the major health issues transmitted by mosquitoes. Other mosquito transmitted diseases including dengue fever, encephalitis and malaria still occur in the United States.
Mosquito abatement is a highly technical science requiring special licensing and regulatory permitting.
Our Pratt Pest Experts have been performing mosquito abatement for over 25 years. We will provide a turn-key Enviro-Smart solution or consultation to help protect your family, health and property or organizational liability.
Aquatic Vegetation Management – Call Us For Details.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 25.262856
Retrieved Text: Road noise nuisance is a huge problem in Nordic municipalities. It seems difficult to meet national targets for noise abatement. One reason is lack of municipal attention. This study of municipal noise abatement policy shows that road traffic noise abatement in general does not seem to be institutionalised, neither in the municipal organisation nor in the near surroundings. We point out important conditions for making municipalities more active in implementing road noise abatement measures in existing dwelling areas.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 25.199974
Retrieved Text: Read the first time February 2, 2017.
WILLIAM E. SANDIFER III for Committee.
TO AMEND THE CODE OF LAWS OF SOUTH CAROLINA, 1976, BY ADDING CHAPTER 24 TO TITLE 31 SO AS TO PROVIDE THE OPERATIONS OR EXPANSIONS OF MANUFACTURING AND INDUSTRIAL FACILITIES MAY NOT BE CONSIDERED PUBLIC OR PRIVATE NUISANCES IN CERTAIN CIRCUMSTANCES, TO PROVIDE RELATED FINDINGS, TO EXPLICITLY PROHIBIT LOCAL GOVERNMENTS FROM ENACTING ORDINANCES TO THE CONTRARY, TO DEFINE NECESSARY TERMINOLOGY, TO PROVIDE THAT THE PROVISIONS OF THIS ACT MAY NOT BE CONSTRUED TO MODIFY STATUTORY EMINENT DOMAIN LAWS OR ENVIRONMENTAL LAWS, AND TO PROVIDE THE PROVISIONS OF THIS ACT DO NOT APPLY TO NUISANCE ACTIONS COMMENCED WITHIN ONE YEAR OF THE EFFECTIVE DATE OF THIS CHAPTER.
Section 31-24-110. The General Assembly finds that manufacturing and industrial operations are a vital part of the economy of South Carolina, and that it is in the best interests of the State to induce the retention, location, expansion, and improvement of manufacturing, processing, distribution, warehousing, and technology intensive projects within the State. The General Assembly recognizes that, when nonindustrial land uses extend into industrial areas, manufacturing or industrial facilities may become the subject of nuisance suits despite having located first in time. As a result, such facilities may be forced to cease operations or may be discouraged from making investments or improvements to their facilities. It is the intent of the General Assembly to reduce the loss to the State of its manufacturing and industrial resources by limiting the circumstances under which a manufacturing or industrial facility may be deemed

########
Rank: 25
Score: 25.125473
Retrieved Text: The mission of the Noise Abatement office is to reduce aircraft noise and improve the Airport's compatibility with the surrounding community, through a reasonable approach of balancing Airport requirements with the Community's needs in order to ensure a livable environment.
The Noise Abatement office provides enforcement of Torrance Municipal codes regarding noise during take-off and landing, codes regarding curfew and other aircraft training operations. The initial goal of the Noise Abatement program is voluntary compliance with the use of Notice of Violation letters and Noise Tests conducted by the pilots and Noise Abatement staff. If voluntary compliance does not happen, enforcement, which could include hearing boards and ultimately the possibility of a pilot and/or aircraft being denied airport usage, would be used.
If you would like to file a complaint regarding aircraft noise, you may use the Torrance WebTrak system or call or email the Noise Abatement office. You will need to provide the date and time of the disturbance, a description of the incident (noise, prohibited training, etc.) a specific description of the aircraft if possible and a location (address or cross streets) where you are calling from. Our staff will generally respond by investigating the incident to determine if there is a violation. If there is a violation, notice will be given to the pilot/owner, and we will explain what needs to be done to correct the violation. Our goal is to gain compliance by working with the pilot/owners; however, some cases may require enforcement through the use of the Airport Noise hearing board.
The Noise Abatement

########
Rank: 26
Score: 24.90664
Retrieved Text: § 261-2 Procedures related to identification of an EBL child.
§ 261-3 Procedures for issuance of order to abate.
§ 261-4 Standards for abatement.
§ 261-5 Procedures related to inspection of abatement.
§ 261-6 Liability of Department.
§ 261-7 Penalties for offenses.
The appropriate reduction of, removal of, enclosure of or encapsulation of lead-based paint followed by thorough cleanup and post cleanup treatment of the surfaces and sources that promote exposure resulting in the possibility of lead toxicity or poisoning.
Meets criteria established by the Environmental Protection Agency, the Department of Housing and Urban Development, the State of New York, or by the Commissioner of Permit and Inspection Services or his/her designee.
A person under age six.
The Commissioner of Permit and Inspection Services or his/her designee.
The Department of Permit and Inspection Services.
Excessive absorption of lead in the blood in concentrations defined as an "elevated blood lead level" in children by the Center of Disease Control (CDC) of the United States Department of Health and Human Services, as that definition may be revised in the future by the CDC. A copy of the most recent version of the CDC document, Preventing Lead Poisoning in Young Children, shall be kept on file at the City Clerk's Office.
A survey of a property, conducted by the Commissioner to determine the presence of a lead-based paint hazard or lead dust.
Quantitative analysis of suspect materials for lead content by Atomic Absorption Spectroscopy (AAS). The analysis shall be conducted by a laboratory approved under the New York State Department of Health, Environmental Laboratory Approval Program (ELAP).
Reading of the X-RF analyzer or

########
Rank: 27
Score: 24.68127
Retrieved Text: Posted on: 27 February 2014 . Category: Action by Responsible Authorities, General News. Tags: Local Council, Municipal Laws, Night time Noise, noise nuisance, Ontario.
Posted on: 25 February 2014 . Category: Action by Responsible Authorities, General News. Tags: Annoyance, Impaired Quality of LIfe, NHMRC, Pia Akerman, Sleep Disturbance, The Australian, Wind Turbine Health Research.
Posted on: 25 February 2014 . Category: Action by Responsible Authorities, Foundation News, General News, Media Releases. Tags: Annoyance, Literature Review, multidisciplinary research, NHMRC, Sleep Disturbance.
Posted on: 13 February 2014 . Category: Foundation News, General News, Media Releases. Tags: Eric Sloth, Home Abandonment, Simon Chapman, Simon Holmes a Court, VESTAS.
Posted on: 5 February 2014 . Category: Action by Responsible Authorities, General News. Tags: Noise Abatement Notice, Origin, Origin Energy, Otway Gas Plant, Port Campbell, Vic EPA, Victorian EPA.
Posted on: 3 February 2014 . Category: Action by Responsible Authorities, General News. Tags: Armstrong Point, Breach of Planning Consent, Enforcement, Hindley Green, Hindley Green Residents Association, noise pollution, Sheila Woodward, Wigan.
Posted on: 3 February 2014 . Category: General News, Legal Developments. Tags: Duke Energy, E.ON, Hosting Sueing Wind Farm Developers, Texas, Willace County.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 24.653477
Retrieved Text: Even though control of planes in flight is the sole province of the FAA, there are steps municipal airports can take to enforce noise abatement procedures. Here is a technical statement from Boeing. John Wayne airport in Southern California has a ‘noise budget’ and a system of fines for violators of their noise abatement rules. Currently, compliance with PAO noise abatement procedures is voluntary.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 24.580042
Retrieved Text: The light nuisance provisions of the Environmental Protection Act 1990 apply to artificial light nuisance from sources such as streetlights, domestic and commercial security lights, advertisement lights, sports grounds, exterior lighting of buildings and so on. More information is available from the Scottish Government website.
Contact Environmental Health to make a complaint about artificial light nuisance.
Excessive noise can make life a misery; noisy neighbours, barking dogs, noise from licensed premises or construction sites are just some of the problems that can be experienced. Many noise problems, particularly those involving neighbours, can be resolved informally by, for example, explaining to your neighbours the difficulties they are causing. However, when this approach fails the Council may be able to help.
Environmental Health can investigate most types of unwanted noise. Noise type can be split into 2 main categories dependent on the source; domestic or non-domestic.
Warning notices could be issued where a noise-maker fails to stop or turn down the unwanted noise within 10 minutes of service of the Notice. Failure to do so could result in a Fixed Penalty Notice of £100 being issued. Fixed Penalty Notices are required to be paid within 28 days.
In addition, where an Officer is of the opinion that a nuisance exists in terms of Section 79 of the Environmental Protection Act 1990 an abatement notice could be served. Non compliance with an abatement notice is an offence and could lead to a report being submitted to the Procurator Fiscal. Alternatively, a fixed penalty of £150 could be offered or in the case of trade,

================



======= Instance Index 246 =========
Input Text: The word "foundation" has multiple meanings. Does it have the same meaning in sentences 1 and 2? Yes or no?

Sentence 1: He lacks the foundation necessary for advanced study.
Sentence 2: The Wikimedia Foundation, Inc. is the parent organization of the Wiktionary collaborative project.

Target Text: No

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 42.18338
Retrieved Text: This is the incremental dump files for the Armenian Wiktionary that is generated by the Wikimedia Foundation on February 19, 2016.
This is the incremental dump files for the Greek Wikisource that is generated by the Wikimedia Foundation on February 19, 2016.
This is the incremental dump files for the Punjabi Wikibooks that is generated by the Wikimedia Foundation on February 19, 2016.
This is the incremental dump files for the Norwegian Wikisource that is generated by the Wikimedia Foundation on February 19, 2016.
This is the incremental dump files for the Adyghe Wikipedia that is generated by the Wikimedia Foundation on February 19, 2016.
This document is issued on date 2016-02-19.
This document is issued on date 2016-02-16.
Aanvraag omgevingsvergunning, Rijsenhout, Aalsmeerderdijk 565, 1435 BS, realiseren van een balkon aan een eerder vergunde uitbouw, 16-02-2016, 2016-0005740.
This is the incremental dump files for the Old English Wikipedia that is generated by the Wikimedia Foundation on February 19, 2016.
This is the incremental dump files for the Old English Wiktionary that is generated by the Wikimedia Foundation on February 19, 2016.
This is the incremental dump files for the Tagalog Wiktionary that is generated by the Wikimedia Foundation on February 19, 2016.
This is the incremental dump files for the Lojban Wiktionary that is generated by the Wikimedia Foundation on February 19, 2016.
This is the incremental dump files for the Sakha Wikisource that is generated by the Wikimedia Foundation on February 19, 2016.
This is the incremental dump files for the Sinhala Wikipedia that is generated by the Wikimedia Foundation on February 19, 2016.
This is the incremental dump

########
Rank: 1
Score: 41.678185
Retrieved Text: Renee Chenault-Fattah, Jim Rosenfield, Glenn Schwartz.
This is the incremental dump files for the Newari Wikipedia that is generated by the Wikimedia Foundation on July 10, 2015.
This is the incremental dump files for the Karachay-Balkar Wikipedia that is generated by the Wikimedia Foundation on July 10, 2015.
This is the incremental dump files for the Somali Wikipedia that is generated by the Wikimedia Foundation on July 10, 2015.
This is the incremental dump files for the Ukrainian Wikibooks that is generated by the Wikimedia Foundation on July 10, 2015.
This is the incremental dump files for the Japanese Wiktionary that is generated by the Wikimedia Foundation on July 10, 2015.
This is the incremental dump files for the Spanish Wikisource that is generated by the Wikimedia Foundation on July 10, 2015.
This is the incremental dump files for the Norwegian Wikipedia that is generated by the Wikimedia Foundation on July 10, 2015.
This is the incremental dump files for the Yiddish Wikipedia that is generated by the Wikimedia Foundation on July 10, 2015.
This is the incremental dump files for the Inuktitut Wiktionary that is generated by the Wikimedia Foundation on July 10, 2015.
This is the incremental dump files for the Javanese Wiktionary that is generated by the Wikimedia Foundation on July 10, 2015.
This is the incremental dump files for the Nouormand Wikipedia that is generated by the Wikimedia Foundation on July 10, 2015.
This is the incremental dump files for the Haitian Wikipedia that is generated by the Wikimedia Foundation on July 10, 2015.
This is the incremental dump files for the Nāhuatl Wiktionary that

########
Rank: 2
Score: 40.74053
Retrieved Text: 24 Be a Wikimedia fundraising "User Experience" volunteer!
25 Wikimedia sites to move to primary data center in Ashburn, Virginia. Read-only mode expected.
41 Speak up about the trademark registration of the Community logo.
44 Request for comment on Commons: Should Wikimedia support MP4 video?
Dear community. I am writing to you to promote a special wiki called Betawiki. This wiki facilitates the localisation (l10n) of the MediaWiki interface. You may have changed many messages here to use your language in the interface, but if you would log in to for example the English language Wiktionary, you would not be able to use the interface as well translated as here. Infact, of the 1798 messages in the core of MediaWiki, 544 messages have been translated. Betawiki also supports the translation of messages of about 80 extensions, with almost 1000 messages.
Hello Wikimedians, my name is Sam and I am working for the Wikimedia Foundation during the 2010 Fundraiser. My job is to be the liaison between the Հայերեն community and the Foundation. This year's fundraiser is intended to be a collaborative and global effort; we recognize that banner messages which may perform well in the United States don't necessarily translate well, or appeal to international audiences.
I am currently looking for translators who are willing to contribute to this project by helping translate and localize messages into Հայերեն and suggesting messages that would appeal to Հայերեն readers on the Fundraising Meta Page. We've started the setup on meta for both banner submission, statistical analysis, and grouping volunteers together.
To see the candidate images

########
Rank: 3
Score: 39.805202
Retrieved Text: This page is a translated version of the page Incubator:Main Page and the translation is 23% complete.
Hethi hiya Wikimedia Incubator, wen el 9ouwa emta3 Wikimedia project wikis fi loughat ejdida min Wikipedia, Wikibooks, Wikinews, Wikiquote, Wiktionary wo Wikivoyage eli inajmou enathmouha, niktbouha, ni5tabrouha wonthabtouha 7ata etnajim tastathifha Wikimedia Foundation.
el nousa5 emta3 eloughat ejdida emta3 Wikiversity yelzmik temchi lil Beta Wikiversity, wo koul minWikisource 7ata lil Old Wikisource.
kifech tebda etjareb wiki ?

########
Rank: 4
Score: 39.189564
Retrieved Text: Wikimedia Foundation popular Wikipedia online encyclopedia cracked the top ten list of most popular Web sites in the U.S. for the first time in January, according to comScore Networks.
Wikipedia sites ranked ninth with 42.9 million unique visitors last month, ahead of the sites from The New York Times (No.10), Apple (No.11) and Viacom International (No.12), comScore reported Thursday.
Wikipedia, which already ranked in the top 10 list of most popular Web sites globally, has been quickly gaining popularity in the U.S., where its parent company, the non-profit Wikimedia Foundation, is based.
In January of last year, Wikipedia sites ranked in the 33rd spot with 18.3 million unique visitors. By July, it had climbed to the 18th spot on the list with 28.1 million unique visitors, and in November it ranked 12th with 39.1 million unique visitors, according to comScore.
In doing its tally for Wikipedia, comScore also counts visits to other Wikimedia sites, such as Wiktionary, Wikiquote, Wikibooks and Wikinews, but most of the traffic comes from the Wikipedia encyclopedias, a comScore spokesman said.
Wikipedia started in January 2001 with its English-language site, which currently has more than 1.6 million articles. The Wikipedia project has since grown significantly and has more than 5 million articles in more than 200 languages, according to WikiMedia. Access to Wikipedia is free. Volunteers contribute the encyclopedia's content, which can be edited by anyone accessing the sites.
Globally, Wikipedia sites ranked sixth in December with almost 165 million unique visitors, according to comScore.
Yea wikipedia rocks. Check out uncyclopedia.com too. It's the opposite of wikipedia.
this is the

########
Rank: 5
Score: 39.135357
Retrieved Text: This is the incremental dump files for the Catalan Wikinews that is generated by the Wikimedia Foundation on November 08, 2018.
This is the incremental dump files for the Lao Wiktionary that is generated by the Wikimedia Foundation on November 08, 2018.
This is the incremental dump files for the Rusyn Wikipedia that is generated by the Wikimedia Foundation on November 08, 2018.
This is the incremental dump files for the Shona Wikipedia that is generated by the Wikimedia Foundation on November 08, 2018.
This is the incremental dump files for the English Wikipedia that is generated by the Wikimedia Foundation on November 08, 2018.
Registry list of Advance Rumely Type E 30-60 tractors. November 2018 edition.
This is the incremental dump files for the Samogitian Wikipedia that is generated by the Wikimedia Foundation on November 08, 2018.
As the community of Thousand Oaks, California, mourns 12 killed in a mass shooting late last night, authorities are investigating. Former FBI Supervisory Special Agent Josh Campbell joins Anderson from the crime scene.
This is the incremental dump files for the Arabic Wikisource that is generated by the Wikimedia Foundation on November 08, 2018.
This is the incremental dump files for the Aymara Wikipedia that is generated by the Wikimedia Foundation on November 08, 2018.
This is the incremental dump files for the Minangkabau Wikipedia that is generated by the Wikimedia Foundation on November 08, 2018.
This is the incremental dump files for the Mongolian Wikipedia that is generated by the Wikimedia Foundation on November 08, 2018.
This is the incremental dump files for the Walloon Wikipedia that is generated

########
Rank: 6
Score: 38.640358
Retrieved Text: How to use CJKV Dict?
The CC-CEDICT and CC-Canto databases for Chinese words (for Mandarin and Cantonese readings, respectively). CC-CEDICT is maintained by MDBG and CC-Canto is maintained by Pleco Software.
The JMDict database for Japanese words, maintained by the Electronic Dictionary Research and Development Group (EDRDG) of Monash University.
The kyujipy library, maintained by myself, to convert the JMDict entries from their simplified forms (Shinjitai) to their traditional forms (Kyūjitai).
The kengdic and hanjadic databases, as well as Wiktionary entries, for Korean words. The kengdic project is unfortunately no longer actively maintained, but a copy of its database has been made available on GitHub by Nathan Glenn. hanjadic is maintained by Dan Bravender, while Wiktionary is maintained by the Wikimedia Foundation.
Wiktionary entries for Vietnamese words. Wiktionary is maintained by the Wikimedia Foundation.
The Unihan and KANJIDIC2 databases for Chinese characters. The Unihan database is maintained by the Unicode Consortium, while the KANJIDIC2 database is maintained by the EDRDG of Monash University.
CJKV Dict uses the Pan-CJK Source Han Sans open source font collection (also known as Noto Sans CJK), created by Adobe and Google.
The Source Han Sans fonts are served by this website, but they can be quite slow to load due to their large size. To make the pages of CJKV Dict load faster, we recommend you to install these fonts locally. The easiest way to do so is to download the Noto Sans CJK font package from Google.
CJKV Dict is a pretty nice tool, but not nearly as powerful as some other online Chinese, Japanese, Korean and Vietnamese dictionaries,

########
Rank: 7
Score: 36.40298
Retrieved Text: “Web intends learning ethos” Archived December twenty one, 2012, at the Wayback Machine The days Higher Education Supplement, 2007, 1799 (June 22), p. 2 . Archived in the original (PDF) on March six, 2008. ISBN 978-0-521-83802-3 Retrieved 5 March 2015. Retrieved 12 Feb 2015.
Wikipedia has also spawned several sibling projects, which are also wikis operate by the Wikimedia Foundation These various other Wikimedia projects include Wiktionary, the dictionary project launched in December 2002, 338 Wikiquote, a collection of quotations a new week after Wikimedia launched, Wikibooks, a collection of collaboratively written free books and annotated texts, Wikimedia Commons, a site devoted to free-knowledge multimedia, Wikinews, for citizen journalism, and Wikiversity, a project for the creation of free understanding materials and the provision of on the internet learning activities.
Our best articles are called Featured Content (and display a small star within the upper right corner of the article), and our second best rate of articles are designated Great Articles However , this is a process and may take months or years to become achieved through the concerted effort associated with editors.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 36.094265
Retrieved Text: MEHR ALS MILLIONEN SPIELER HABEN DEN MINION RUSH VERSPÜRT. MACH DU NUN MIT! Zieh deine Laufschuhe an und mach mit. Betritt Grus. Jetzt kostenlose Spiele online spielen ✅ Online Games ohne Anmeldung ✅ Entdecke dein Lieblingsspiel ✅ Tolle Online-Spiele ➤ websitepromotie.eu Wenn Sie einen Golfplatz spielen möchten, überprüfen Sie bitte, ob alle Spieler die Handicap-Anforderungen dieses Platzes websitepromotie.eu müssen Ihre. Wikipedia The free encyclopedia. Join over million users playing our Solitaire casino spiele download Android! Thus etymologiespronunciations, sample quotations, synonyms, antonyms and translations are included. Wikidata The free knowledge base. Account Options Sign in. Welcome to the English-language Wiktionary, a collaborative project to produce a free-content multilingual dictionary. Commons Shared media repository. Meta-Wiki Wikimedia cristiano ronaldo erfolge coordination. Klondike Patience has never been better! Impossible to prevent or stop ; inevitable. We aim to include not only the definition of fc bayern a junioren word, but also enough information to really understand it. Play our Daily Challenges and Solitaire free! Fun Flirt casino bewertung have been added including: In particular, we have strict layout conventions and inclusion criteria. Play our Daily Challenges and Solitaire free!
Commons Shared media repository. Meta-Wiki Wikimedia project coordination. Wikiversity Free learning tools.
Wikidata The free knowledge base. Definition from Wiktionary, the free dictionary. Wiktionary, the free dictionary 5,, entries with English definitions from over 3, languages Browse: Welcome to the English-language Wiktionary, a collaborative project to produce a free-content multilingual dictionary.
Beliebte Figuren Mehr ansehen. We need to know your handicaps and if any of the players are Juniors. Bitte spiel den Lalo für

########
Rank: 9
Score: 35.47795
Retrieved Text: The Wikimedia Foundation is a non-profit foundation. Their main headquarters is in San Francisco in the United States. The Wikimedia Foundation runs many projects using the wiki idea and the MediaWiki software. These projects include Wikipedia, Wiktionary, Wikiquote, Wikisource, Wikinews, Wikibooks, Wikiversity, Wikimedia Commons, Wikidata, Wikivoyage, and Meta-Wiki.
There are many other wikis related to the foundation, but these are mostly smaller projects. They include the Wikimedia Foundation wiki, the MediaWiki wiki, the Test Wikipedia, the Wikimedia Incubator, Bugzilla, and the Wikimania wiki.
The foundation's creation was officially announced by Wikipedia co-founder Jimmy Wales, who was running Wikipedia within his company Bomis, on June 20, 2003.
The foundation gets most of its funds from donations, as it is nonprofit. It also looks for grants. Some companies have helped Wikimedia by giving free computer hardware, and by hosting servers. Since people can write the wikis, Wikimedia projects are free to use.
Patricio Lorente is the current Chair of the Wikimedia Foundation Board.
and one emeritus for the foundation's founder, Jimmy Wales.
The Foundation also has an Advisory Board, an international network of experts who have agreed to give the foundation meaningful help on a regular basis in many different areas, including law, organizational development, technology, policy, and outreach.
↑ "Advisory Board". Wikimedia Foundation. Archived from the original on 2009-09-07. Retrieved 2009-10-07.
This page was last changed on 25 March 2018, at 15:09.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 35.43531
Retrieved Text: The official Wikimedia Foundation mobile application for Wikipedia. Contributed various bugfixes and improvements.
The Wikimedia Foundation mobile application for Wiktionary. Built with PhoneGap.
You're looking at it! Built with Rails, hosted on Heroku.
I'm a co-founder at SigOpt, formerly at foursquare. I graduated from the University of Waterloo, where I had many successful internships at tech companies both large and small.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 34.52727
Retrieved Text: Shakepeers’ is a non-profit with the goal of producing and distributing knowledge, in a simplified and popularised form, freely, openly and collaboratively.
The group’s main communication tool is their website, which is driven by the Media-wiki CMS, the same CMS that powers the well known Wikimedia sites (such as Wikipedia, Wiktionary, Wikicommons etc…). This platform is collaborative and articles can be written or edited by anyone, as long as they have a free account on the site.
In order to make the site accessible and attractive, and to better represent the spirit and identity of the organisation, Shakepeers contact me to design and develop a graphic theme (a skin in media-wiki nomenclature) for the project.
The site was created entirely using responsive design, and is optimised for viewing on desktop, tablet or mobile. I chose to work with the framework Bootstrap for its compatibility and flexibility.
I was responsible for the UX, for project management, and for the development of the theme. I worked closely with graphic designer Clara Boyle who designed the UI.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 34.45674
Retrieved Text: It is nearly impossible to go online today without stumbling upon Wikipedia at some point along the way. Wikipedia, however, is just one of several projects in the Wikimedia movement next to Wikimedia Commons, Wiktionary and more. In April a team of 12 started working on the foundations of a new Wikimedia project for 1 year. The project is called Wikidata. The goal is to provide Wikipedia and the world with a large free and open data repository. Wikidata will bring structured data to Wikipedia.
I’d like to give an introduction to Wikidata, its goals and what it means for the Wikimedia movement, Open Data and the world.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 34.145718
Retrieved Text: A wikifying browser (module) would turn a selection of words, if encountered in web pages, into links to Wikimedia projects (Wikipedia or Wiktionary).
The idea is to allow people to look up words more conveniently by clicking on the inserted links on the web page. The inserted hyperlinks can link to Wikipedia or Wiktionary and in a selectable language. The proposal would require the ability to download full or partial indices of the selected Wikimedia project(s).
Allow people to learn while browsing the web.
Useful as a vocabulary trainer (which could be an additional function).
How should the indices be delivered? Peer Distributed Transfer Protocol?
Do you have a thought about this proposal? A suggestion? Discuss this proposal by going to Proposal talk:Wikifying browser.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 33.877632
Retrieved Text: Back in August, I had the chance of talking to Dimitar Dimitrov, EU Policy Director at Wikimedia. On their website, Wikimedia is described as a global movement whose mission is to bring free educational content to the world. By now, it is one of the top 10 websites traffic-wise globally and it is arguably the biggest community-driven project online. It all started with the amazing Wikipedia, but as knowledge kept getting compiled, their projects also kept on multiplying. Today, the Wikimedia Foundation hosts a dozen projects with the joint goal of sharing knowledge – Wiktionary, Wikimedia Commons and their latest baby Wikidata are just a few of them.
Being a content superpower is not easy, though. Surely a hot topic at the minute, the upcoming EU copyright reform is something under their radar but this legislation is far from being the only thing with a deep impact on Wikimedia’s work. For a long time now, they have been facing a variety of challenges that go from censorship in certain countries to court rulings that place double-standards in terms of what people can do with content online and offline. To find out more about these things and, of course, how you can get involved with Wikimedia, just press play.
All the songs from “Plays Guitar” and “Plays Guitar Again” by Gillicuddy have been used as background music for the interview. All tracks available under a CC BY-NC licence; download on Bandcamp or FMA.
← Public Money? Public Code!

########
Rank: 15
Score: 33.116257
Retrieved Text: 2.1 Һеҙҙең персональ мәғлүмәт менән беҙ ҡайһы саҡта бүлешә алабыҙ?
3.1 Беҙ һеҙҙең мәғлүмәтте нисек яҡлайбыҙ?
3.2 Һеҙҙең мәғлүмәтте күпме һаҡлайбыҙ?
This is a translation. For the official, binding version of this document, please see the Инглиз телендәге оригинал.
«Викимедиа фонды» / «Фонд» / «беҙ» / «беҙгә» / «беҙҙеке» The Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., the non-profit organization that operates the Wikimedia Sites.
«һеҙ» / «һеҙҙеке» / «һеҙгә» You, regardless of whether you are an individual, group, or organization, and regardless of whether you are using the Wikimedia Sites or our services on behalf of yourself or someone else.
«өлөш» Content you add or changes you make to any Wikimedia Sites.
«өсөнсө яҡ» / «сит кешеләр һәм ойошмалар» Individuals, entities, websites, services, products, and applications that are not controlled, managed, or operated by the Wikimedia Foundation. This includes other Wikimedia users and independent organizations or groups who help promote the Wikimedia movement such as Wikimedia chapters, thematic organizations, and user groups as well as volunteers, employees, directors, officers, grant recipients, and contractors of those organizations or groups.
Һеҙҙең персональ мәғлүмәт менән беҙ ҡайһы саҡта бүлешә алабыҙ?
Беҙ һеҙҙең мәғлүмәтте нисек яҡлайбыҙ?

########
Rank: 16
Score: 32.29275
Retrieved Text: Wikipedia. 5,558,728 likes. A free, collaborative, multilingual Internet encyclopedia.
If you are browsing Commons for the first time, you may want to start with Featured pictures, Quality images or Valued images. You can also see some work created by our highly skilled contributors in Meet our photographers and Meet our illustrators.You may also be interested in Picture of the Year.
is a global movement whose mission is to bring free educational content to the world. Through various projects, chapters, and the support structure of the non-profit Wikimedia Foundation, Wikimedia strives to bring about a world in which every single human being can freely share in the sum of all knowledge.. Welcome to Wikimedia.
Wikipedia (pronunciation (help · info)) is an Internet encyclopedia project in many languages.Users do not pay to use it. It also one of the biggest wiki organizations on the Internet. People can choose to donate to the Wikimedia Foundation to fund Wikipedia and its sister projects.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 32.286133
Retrieved Text: I am editor of Bulgarian Wikipedia, bureaucrat of Bulgarian Wiktionary, sysop of Wikimedia Commons and translator in Betawiki. After SUL, this is my valid account on all projects of the foundation. Please contact me on my BG WP talk page.
Contact editors from Wikipedia in the languages, presented in Template:Definition-langs, to help upgrading the version from 1.0 to 1.1.
This page was last edited on 27 March 2011, at 14:24.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 32.272198
Retrieved Text: Wikimedia España is a Spanish non-profit organization, recognized by the Wikimedia Foundation as Wikimedia chapter in Spain.
It was approved by the Wikimedia Foundation on February 7, 2011, who published the resolution two days later, and registered on February 11, 2011. Its inscription in the Registro Nacional de Asociaciones of the Spanish Interior Ministry was confirmed on April 15, 2011.
Its aim is to promote, directly or indirectly, the development of Free Knowledge promoting related projetcs, especially those projects hosted and supported by the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., in all the languages spoken in Spain.
Mailing list: WM ES news list. Mailing to anuncios wikimedia.org.es You can check the messages file.
IRC: join and chat (see help or click on this link).
If you want to join Wikimedia Spain, you only have to follow the steps outlined in https://www.wikimedia.es/participa. The membership fee is 15 € per year (excluding minors), plus 5 € at the time of registration. You can also help by making a donation via bank transfer, PayPal or Bitcoin; for more details visit https://www.wikimedia.es/donar. To participate in most of our activities membership is not required; all those interested in supporting our goals are welcome.
Content: contact and agreements with cultural and educational institutions that can release contents under a free license (CC-BY and CC-BY-SA) for later use in the Wikimedia projects. Support for the creation of free content by digitizing works. Photographic accreditation for sports, musical or cultural events. Organization of Wiki Takes and similar initiatives that seek to obtain photographic material. Organization of photographic contests like Wiki Loves Monuments, Wiki

########
Rank: 19
Score: 31.881802
Retrieved Text: This weekend a number of us held a workshop at Wits University to discuss forming a South African chapter of the Wikimedia Foundation – the non-profit foundation supporting projects such as Wikipedia and Wiktionary. For those interested in the details, the Wikimedia South Africa meta page has more, and you can also join the mailing list.
It was a good start. Many of us active on the various Wikimedia projects met each other for the first time, and a number of new people attended as well.
We finished with a concrete timeline – approximately 7 months to registration, as well as two core teams – one working on the administrative aspects of registration, and the other on activity planning.
There was also much discussion towards a draft vision, draft purposes, draft challenges and possible initiatives. I had hoped to make further progess on these, but time was very limited. Another half-day might have seen these tightened up and agreed by everyone at the workshop, while I suspect doing this on the mailing list is going to drag on a lot longer. But, it’s a good start, and many good ideas have been thrown into the mix. It’s everyone responsibility to keep the momentum going while we’re not in the room together.
Thanks to everyone who made the effort to attend the conference, and contribute in some way, taking photos, updating the wiki, and in particular Delphine Ménard and Bence Damakos from the Wikimedia Foundation Chapter Committee, who flew in for all of two days just for the workshop, the African

########
Rank: 20
Score: 31.608318
Retrieved Text: This user is currently experiencing health issues in real life and may not respond swiftly to queries.
You may contact me at my discussion page.
Unified ID: Yeza and Ailna are the unique accounts used by this user for all public projects of the Wikimedia Foundation.
I assume no responsability or liability from the usage of these nicks on web sites or other places different to those of the web sites hosted and managed by the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc.
If you find this page on any site other than a Wikimedia project, you are viewing a mirror site. Be aware that the page may be outdated, and that the user this page belongs to may have no personal affiliation with any sites other than one or more Wikimedia project(s). The original page is located at https://meta.wikimedia.org/wiki/User:Yeza.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 31.34283
Retrieved Text: Katherine is the Chief Communications Officer for the Wikimedia Foundation, the organization behind Wikipedia, the largest free knowledge project in human history and one of the world's most popular websites. She is an expert on the intersection of technology, human rights, democracy, and international development.
Prior to joining Wikimedia, Katherine was Advocacy Director for the international digital rights organization Access. She has worked with the World Bank, National Democratic Institute, and UNICEF on technology and programmatic innovation, and has extensive programmatic and policy experience in the United States, Europe, Middle East, Sub-Saharan Africa, Caribbean, Central America, and South East Asia.
Katherine is a member of the Advisory Council at the Open Technology Fund, and the board of the Youth for Technology Foundation, an organization dedicated to improving youth access to technology in the developing world. She is on the board of the London-based Project for the 21st Century (PS21), and a Security Fellow with the Truman National Security Project.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 31.332245
Retrieved Text: The JacksonHeights.nyc domain was licensed by the city of New York to Connecting.nyc Inc. in November 2016. Connecting.nyc has committed to assist with its development and operation and to transfer control of the Initiative to an independent, locally controlled, nonprofit, JacksonHeights.nyc Inc., by the end of the initial 3 year operating license. This page discusses governance of our current activities under the JacksonHeights.nyc Initiative and thoughts on that transition to neighborhood control.
Two levels of governance are discussed on this page. First is governance of the Jackson Heights wiki, our initial project: Who decides on standards for posting, and how are those standards implemented? The second relates to the formation of an organization to provide long term oversight of the JacksonHeights.nyc Initiative.
Anyone is permitted to read our wiki. But editing can only be done by email confirmed users. Mischief is moderated by powerful controls that enable rolling back undesired edits. As well, those making mischief edits can be blocked from making further edits.
Administrators - See their role on Wikipedia.
Our plan calls for transitioning to a new, locally controlled governance process to oversee the operation of the JacksonHeights.nyc domain and related developments. We start that work guided by our response to Question #10 on the city's application for the JacksonHeights.nyc domain.
The following Question and Answer are from the license application for the JacksonHeights.nyc domain as submitted to the city of New York by Connecting.nyc Inc. in October 2016. It should be considered aspiration with modifications anticipated.
However, over the next few years the preponderance of our energy will focus

########
Rank: 23
Score: 31.135517
Retrieved Text: These lapel pins represent each of the 16 Wikimedia projects, from Wikipedia to Wikispecies. Do you have a specific project you love? Want them all?
These are sold individually or in a 16 pack.
Wikimedia: The global movement whose mission is to bring free educational content to the world.
Wikipedia W: The free encyclopedia that anyone can edit.
Wikipedia Globe: The free encyclopedia that anyone can edit.
Wikimedia Community Logo: Representing the community of volunteers who create and runs the wide variety of projects making up the WIkimedia movement. The Wikimedia Community logo is also used as the logo for Meta-Wiki, the global project used to coordinate discussion of a wide array of Wikimedia issues.
MediaWiki: The wiki software that powers all Wikimedia projects and thousands of other sites. Available completely free and open source for anyone to use.
Wikimedia Commons: The central repository of free media for Wikimedia projects such as Wikipedia containing more than 12 million media files available for anyone to use on, or off, our projects.
Wiktionary: The free dictionary aiming to gather all words, in all languages, with more than 13 million entries in 170 languages.
Wikiquote: A free repository of quotations from famous people, books, proverbs and more currently available in more than 70 languages.
Wikibooks: Aiming to build a collection of free e-book resources including textbooks, language courses and manuals.
Wikisource: A multilingual project dedicated to preserving public domain and freely available primary source material, with more than 3 million source texts in more than 60 languages.
Wikispecies: An open, wiki-based project to provide a central and extensive species database for

########
Rank: 24
Score: 30.933504
Retrieved Text: On Incubator, you create a Wiktionary page in Church Slavonic the same way you would create a Wiktionary page on any other Wikipedia. The only difference is that the page name has to have the following prefix: Wt/cu/. So you can see that the main page of the Church Slavonic Test Wiktionary is called Wt/cu/главьна страница, instead of just plain "главьна страница" (or, to use Russian Wiktionary as a comparitor, Заглавная страница).
I feel a need to step in here, which I was hoping not to do. The vandalism—the "trolling idiots"—really have nothing to do with the situation.
Please read again LPP#Requisites for eligibility. The Wikimedia Foundation simply has not wanted to be in the business of determining what is a language, what is a dialect, and so forth. WMF has felt that the standards organizations—in practice LoC and SIL—are the ones with the expertise to determine this. Accordingly, WMF's basic attitude has been that if the standards organizations are willing to give a code, WMF will not argue the point; similar, if ISO is not willing to give a code, WMF is not planning to argue the point. It is up to individual language communities to make their cases to the standards organizations. Communities that are not able to get an ISO code are always able to create projects elsewhere on the web, such as at the Incubator Plus on Wikia.
You might then say, "Why does WMF feel this way? Why not just open this to anyone?" And the answer is that in the past, this became

########
Rank: 25
Score: 30.14696
Retrieved Text: Welcome back from Wikimania 2016!
Option 1: Shared Experience: What is one way you shared something from your experience with your community (either locally or globally), after the event?
Add a link here to a blog post or newsletter you wrote about your participation afterwards, or to a meet-up you organized to share your experience with your local community.
Being the sole representative from Venezuela and Wikimedia Venezuela (WMVE), I decided to share my occurrences live through social media, particularly Twitter (in Spanish and English). See the timeline in this storify story. I'd also like to mention the public Telegram channel of Wikimedia Venezuela, which was used to communicate and share my experiences during Wikimania with other members of my community, in real time.
After the conference, I held a brief meeting open to volunteers on July 7th explaining my experience in Wikimania and how this kinds of events are important to the community, in order to incentivize more participation from volunteers of Venezuela in future Wikimanias.
As one of the organizers of the Iberocoop meeting, I was able to meet again with colleagues from the initiative and welcome others to join, it was a fruitful meeting with a map road of commons objectives to accomplish, including a new conference summit for Iberocoop later this year.
I joined the WikiMujeres wikiproject in the Spanish Wikipedia as a result of the interaction with Jaluj, Mboix and Tipuni during Wikimania, not only is the gender-gap a structural issue in the movement, but a personal concern in my country.
I had an interview with Kalliope (WMF)

########
Rank: 26
Score: 29.861681
Retrieved Text: Sun Microsystems, Inc. is providing the technological backbone for the NAMES Project Foundations massive undertaking.
The worlds largest community art project and AIDS memorial is available for viewing at http://www.aidsquilt.org. The names and images which make up the AIDS quilt have been digitized and archived on a Sun workstation and server. In a collaborative effort  Sun, Informix, Argos, ECOlogic, and Masterlink  have announced a development project with the NAMES Project Foundation.
The NAMES Project Foundation is the non-profit organization that manages the AIDS Memorial Quilt (email: info@aidsquilt.org). There are 43,000 digitized images of the memorial quilt and 70,000 names available. It is expected that there will be 500,000 hits within a month of the sites launch. Visitors to the site will be able to access a wealth of information on the quilt and related activities surrounding World Aids Day on December 1, 1997.
The NAMES Project Foundations mission is to use the AIDS Memorial Quilt to help bring an end to AIDS. The organization works towards this mission through its Quilt display programs. Quilt display programs raise awareness of the HIV epidemic, which is a crucial tool in the prevention and eventual termination of HIV. As part of its mission, this virtual display is the NAMES Projects latest effort to expand access to the Quilt.
Since its inception in 1982, a singular vision, The Network Is The Computer, has propelled Sun Microsystems, Inc., (NASDAQ: SUNW), to its position as a leading provider of hardware, software and services for establishing enterprise-wide intranets and expanding the power of the Internet.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 29.859148
Retrieved Text: Create a database of visual lexical entries comprising all words and expressions in common use, in all languages. This database must be readable both by humans and computers, so that it may be used by language learning applications, such as flashcards and other.
There are many words that cannot be properly conveyed by their description or translation alone. Additionally, visual representation greatly reinforces assimilation. The Picture Dictionary is of special interest for those interested in "translation-free" language learning. Translation-free language learning is still a self-defeating endeavor nowadays, due to the fact that there is no practical way for a beginner student to find out the meaning of a new word without relying on bilingual dictionary. We already have a huge image bank at Wikimedia Commons that could be incorporated on this project in a partially automated way. This project could also be used to add missing images to Wikipedia articles and to illustrate the main Wiktionary entries.
1 - Create thematic lists of vocabulary entries. This would be best done by using the Wiktionary category list, but if it's not found to be adequate, it should be improved based on other sources, such as the main Wikipedia categories, Wordnet, and other works.
2 - Select the relevant entries by accessing their frequency. This can be done by using a frequency list, searching within a corpus, or a web search.
3 - Get some representative pictures from Wikimedia Commons, upload if necessary. For added cultural authenticity the picture should from a place where the language is primarily spoken, if available. But

########
Rank: 28
Score: 29.666918
Retrieved Text: Hourly page views per article for around 30 million article titles (Sept 2013) in around 800+ Wikimedia wikis. Repackaged (with extreme shrinkage, without losing granularity), corrected, reformatted. Daily files and two monthly files (see notes below).
Hourly page views per wiki, corrected for site outages and underreporting. Also repackaged, as one tar file per year.
Raw data for reports at stats.wikimedia.org.
The huge hourly files for page views per article per wiki have been massively compressed by merging 720 files per month, thus removing massive redundancy (80% of record space is article title, and a title can occur in all 720 files). All of this shrinkage without losing hourly granularity.
In the wiki code field, the subproject is the language code (fr, el, ja, etc) or meta, commons etc.
The project is one of b (wikibooks), k (wiktionary), n (wikinews), o (wikivoyage), q (wikiquote), s (wikisource), v (wikiversity), z (wikipedia), m (wikimedia subprojects: commons, meta, species, etc). An .m project suffix combined with a language subproject, i.e. en.m, means the page counts come from the mobile site.
Source for this information: https://lists.wikimedia.org/pipermail/wikitech-l/2011-August/054591.html.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 29.563454
Retrieved Text: The definition was initiated by Erik Möller as a means to resolve ambiguity about the phrase "free content" in the context of the Wikimedia project family. It was inspired by the Free Software Definition. Helpful feedback was provided during the initial authoring process (in this chronological order) by Richard Stallman of the Free Software Foundation, Lawrence Lessig of Creative Commons, and Angela Beesley, board member of the Wikimedia Foundation and Vice President of Wikia, Inc. Benjamin Mako Hill, who had been pursuing similar goals (as exemplified in his paper "Towards a Standard of Freedom") quickly joined the project and helped to actively improve the definition even before the launch of the open editing phase, becoming a co-initiator.
The beginning of the open editing phase was announced on May 1, 2006.
This page was last edited on 29 April 2015, at 09:07.

================



======= Instance Index 191 =========
Input Text: The word "eliminate" has multiple meanings. Does it have the same meaning in sentences 1 and 2? Yes or no?

Sentence 1: Let's eliminate the course on Akkadian hieroglyphics.
Sentence 2: This possibility can be eliminated from our consideration.

Target Text: No

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 42.07761
Retrieved Text: Verb 1. do away with - terminate, end, or take out; "Let's eliminate the course on Akkadian hieroglyphics"; "Socialism extinguished these archaic customs"; "eliminate my debts"
cancel out, wipe out - wipe out the effect of something; "The new tax effectively cancels out my raise"; "The `A' will cancel out the `C' on your record"
knock out - eliminate; "knock out a target"
drown - get rid of as if by submerging; "She drowned her trouble in alcohol"
prune, rationalize, rationalise, cut - weed out unwanted or unnecessary things; "We had to lose weight, so we cut the sugar from our diet"
extinguish, snuff out - put an end to; kill; "The Nazis snuffed out the life of many Jewish children"
by PTI Six more airports in the country, including Patna and Chennai, will do away with the practice of tagging and stamping domestic passengers' hand baggage from June 1.
Elliott Greene, owner of the 12-suite Mangrove Cay Inn on Family Island, is calling on government to do away with the obligatory 15% gratuity for restaurant workers, a 30-year-old policy, billing it as key to increasing the destination's competitive edge in a flat-lined economy, reports The Nassau Guardian (March 6, 2009).
No more 15% required tips?
The BRU has said the MTA should do away with plans for all new rail lines and the new San Fernando Valley Transitway.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 25.268589
Retrieved Text: are the teachings of Martin Luther!
into different languages Let's start there.
misinformed, ignorant and uninspired. Is that your position?
were at least two languages spoken right there, Akkadian and Sumerian."
can't mean what it says.
difficulty for his concordist scheme.
Japheth, according to the inheritance of each ." (Jub. 8:8-10).
themselves a city and a tower in the land of Shinar" (Jub. 9:18).
of Hamites led by Nimrod.
Akkadian language. So the basic language structure was not changed at all.
declared, "let us make us a name" in Genesis 11:4.
Next in thread: Jim Armstrong: "Re: [asa] A question on Genesis"
Reply: Jim Armstrong: "Re: [asa] A question on Genesis"

########
Rank: 2
Score: 23.26423
Retrieved Text: They were a warrior society. Successful completion of its deciphering is dated to Persians - The Persians put an end to the rule of the Assyrians and the Babylonians.
Hieroglyphics was invented in Ancient Egypt about the same time as cuneiform in Mesopotamia, but scientists believe that cuneiform came first. The symbols became stylised over time and eventually evolved into a complete writing system. Archaic cuneiform Further information: ByHincks and Rawlinson could read Babylonian signs.
There are differing conventions for transliterating Sumerian, Akkadian Babylonian and Hittite and Luwian cuneiform texts. Assyria participated in these wars toward the end of the period, overthrowing the Mitanni Empire and besting the Hittites and Phrygiansbut the Kassites in Babylon did not.
Kassite dynasty of Babylon[ edit ] Main article: Two phonetic complements were used to define the word [u] in front of the symbol and [gu] behind. The 10th century BC is even worse for Babylonia, with very few inscriptions.
Ancient Mesopotamia refers to the place where humans first formed civilizations. By BC, the logographic script had developed into a decipherable cuneiform syllabic script.
During the preceding three centuries, Babylonia had been ruled by their fellow Akkadian speakers and northern neighbours, Assyria. In all essential points the translations produced by the four scholars were found to be in close agreement with one another.
The spoken language included many homophones and near-homophones, and in the beginning similar-sounding words such as "life" [til] and "arrow" [ti] were written with the same symbol. Many of the symbols had multiple pronunciations. In he finished his copy of the Behistun inscription,

########
Rank: 3
Score: 21.936558
Retrieved Text: We get it. Unified Communications can be anything but simple: multiple servers, various communication platforms, and evolving workflows. We designed Akkadian Unified Communications Solutions™ to bridge these gaps and simplify processes. We’re helping hundreds of companies around the globe in nearly every industry. Our software has robust feature sets so it will be ready, out-of-the-box without costly customization.
Get more from your day by automating UC administration. Not only will you save time on provisioning, but our solution offers robust features, including Akkadian Reporting Manager™, Akkadian Visual Phone Editor™, Akkadian Remote Phone Control™, and Akkadian Phone Swap™.
Akkadian Site Builder allows telecom and UC engineers to easily templatize and replicate dial plan configurations in CUCM without having to reinvent the standard configuration every time. Build once and replicate.
Enjoy the simplicity of a console that’s easy for office admins and phone operators, as well as UC engineers. Akkadian Console™ offers a flexible, intuitive interface that busy call handlers love. At the same time, you’ll love how flexible we’ve made management options. We offer three deployment types: client, server, and web.
Provide the right contacts, to the right people with Akkadian Contact Manager™. Give your teammates an easy-to-use company directory where they need it: on their desktop phones, in conference rooms, on softphones, and on their mobile devices. Plus, Akkadian Contact Manager gives you the power to take control of your data with an admin dashboard.
It took all of 15 minutes for our technician to download and install the Akkadian Labs software. It’s glitch free. It’s a dream.
We have been able

########
Rank: 4
Score: 21.777317
Retrieved Text: Squares R3C7 and R8C7 in column 7 form a simple locked pair. These 2 squares both contain the 2 possibilities <68>. Since each of the squares must contain one of the possibilities, they can be eliminated from the other squares in the column.
Squares R1C6<28>, R2C5<268> and R3C5<268> in block 2 form a comprehensive locked triplet. These 3 squares can only contain the 3 possibilities <268>. Since each of the squares must contain one of the possibilities, they can be eliminated from the other squares in the block.
Intersection of block 2 with column 5. The value <6> only appears in one or more of squares R1C5, R2C5 and R3C5 of block 2. These squares are the ones that intersect with column 5. Thus, the other (non-intersecting) squares of column 5 cannot contain this value.
Squares R2C1 and R8C1 in column 1 and R2C9 and R8C9 in column 9 form a Simple X-Wing pattern on possibility <2>. All other instances of this possibility in rows 2 and 8 can be removed.
Squares R2C3 and R5C3 in column 3 and R2C7 and R5C7 in column 7 form a Simple X-Wing pattern on possibility <9>. All other instances of this possibility in rows 2 and 5 can be removed.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 21.253704
Retrieved Text: 16 relations: Akkadian language, Assur, Babylon, Borsippa, Ekur, Hadad, Library of Ashurbanipal, Marduk, Mesopotamia, Namburbi, Nineveh, Ninkilim, Ninurta, Sargon II, Sippar, Uruk.
Akkadian (akkadû, ak-ka-du-u2; logogram: URIKI)John Huehnergard & Christopher Woods, "Akkadian and Eblaite", The Cambridge Encyclopedia of the World's Ancient Languages.
Aššur (Akkadian; ܐܫܘܪ 'Āšūr; Old Persian Aθur, آشور: Āšūr; אַשּׁוּר:, اشور: Āšūr, Kurdish: Asûr), also known as Ashur and Qal'at Sherqat, was an Assyrian city, capital of the Old Assyrian Empire (2025–1750 BC), of the Middle Assyrian Empire (1365–1050 BC), and for a time, of the Neo-Assyrian Empire of 911–608 BC.
Borsippa (Sumerian: BAD.SI.(A).AB.BAKI; Akkadian: Barsip and Til-Barsip): Vol.
Ekur is a Sumerian term meaning "mountain house".
Hadad (𐎅𐎄), Adad, Haddad (Akkadian) or Iškur (Sumerian) was the storm and rain god in the Northwest Semitic and ancient Mesopotamian religions.
The Royal Library of Ashurbanipal, named after Ashurbanipal, the last great king of the Neo-Assyrian Empire, is a collection of thousands of clay tablets and fragments containing texts of all kinds from the 7th century BC.
The NAM-BÚR-BI are magical texts which take the form of incantations (Akkadian: namburbȗ).
Nineveh (𒌷𒉌𒉡𒀀 URUNI.NU.A Ninua); ܢܝܼܢܘܹܐ was an ancient Assyrian city of Upper Mesopotamia, located on the outskirts of Mosul in modern-day northern Iraq.
The god Ninkilim, inscribed dnin-PEŠ2, is a widely referenced Mesopotamian deity from Sumerian to later Babylonian periods whose minions include wildlife in general and vermin in particular.
Ninurta, also known as Ningirsu, was a Mesopotamian god of farming, healing, hunting, law, scribes, and war who was first worshipped in early Sumer.
Sargon II (Assyrian Šarru-ukīn (LUGAL-GI.NA 𒈗𒄀𒈾).; Aramaic סרגן; reigned 722–705 BC) was an

########
Rank: 6
Score: 20.405512
Retrieved Text: Akkadian Labs announces its new status of “Cisco Preferred Solution Partner”. As an independent software vendor (ISV), access to preferred partner resources, assets and integrations will help us enhance our solutions, like Akkadian Provisioning Manager which enables companies to leverage their Cisco collaboration technology investments for better business outcomes.
To qualify, our solution went through interoperability verification testing (IVT) to achieve “Cisco Compatible” status. Cisco also recognized our Cisco Marketplace presence and the availability of premium 24/7 customer support.
Rigorous testing to validate functionality.
Access to developer environments to maintain our products for Cisco UC upgrades.
As a Cisco dedicated ISV, we are laser focused on helping our customers get the most out of their UC tools.
Companies trust Akkadian Labs’ turnkey software to streamline the provisioning of their UC environments without the need for costly third-party services or consultants. Akkadian Provisioning Manager alone manages over 3 million licenses; it is the go-to solution for the world’s leading Cisco Collaboration technology customers.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 20.397324
Retrieved Text: Learned borrowing from Latin Assyria, from Ancient Greek Ἀσσυρία (Assuría), from Akkadian 𒀸𒋗𒁺𐎹 (Aššūrāyu), from 𒀸𒋩 (Aššur, “Assur”), its original capital.
A Semitic Akkadian kingdom, extant as a nation state from the mid–23rd century BC to 608 BC centred on the Upper Tigris river, in northern Mesopotamia (present day northern Iraq), that came to rule regional empires a number of times through history.
From Ancient Greek Ἀσσυρία (Assuría), from Akkadian 𒀸𒋗𒁺𐎹 (Aššūrāyu), from 𒀸𒋩 (Aššur, “Assur”), its original capital.
Obsolete spelling of Assíria (used in Portugal until September 1911 and died out in Brazil during the 1920s).
This page was last edited on 24 March 2019, at 04:50.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 19.876204
Retrieved Text: Two or three of the same candidate forming a line in a region eliminates that candidate as a possibility for the rest of the row/ column.
4 is eliminated in the bottom three cells of the left region by the four in the bottom row of the the right the right region.
The top row of the left region is full of things not four. Thus the only places left for the four are in the middle row of left region.
If you can draw a single straight line through all candidacies of a number within a region (region size limits two-3), they can be eliminated from the rest of the row or column.
Commonly this is useful as it is in the example. This rule eliminates up to six spaces in a row/column. Here, with the bottom two rows eliminated from the middle region, there is only one space left for four. To the right of 6.
Here, with just two, aligned candidacies it still eliminates the middle row of the top regions.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 19.845438
Retrieved Text: The first conetest of 09!! Let's go!!
Who owns the Dinner that Obi-Wan goes into in Star Wars: Episode II?
According to who framed Rodger Rabbit?, by what real city is Toontown located?
When did the Star Tours in Tokyo Disneyland open?
C-3PO and R2-D2 are amongst the many hieroglyphics in the Tomb in "Raiders of the Lost Ark"
What is the name of Donald's genius Uncle?
On what currently Disney owned channel did the animated "Star Wars: Droids" and "Star Wars: Ewoks" premiere on?
What is the term for a Force user that does not follow the way of the Jedi, but is not on the Dark Side of the Force?
A Sith is also referred to as a Dark Jedi, and members of the Jedi order are referred to as Light Jedi.
What are the names of Daisy Duck's nieces?

########
Rank: 10
Score: 19.691223
Retrieved Text: Each challenge has a different theme, and members will learn about the context of the background story from the clues during the exploration.
In this season, a major change was added to the show is that there is a possibility of failure to escape. Another added change is that now there is a possibility that cast member(s) would get eliminated in the midst of escaping, based on situations (e.g "dead" or "missing" during the attempt) and the decisions of the production team. The eliminated cast member(s) will get off from work.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 19.676188
Retrieved Text: Unique Services are manufacturing cleaning specialists and operators of choice for many of the country’s top processing companies. On the 14th January Unique Services refurbished a waste disposal unit for one of our many high profile clients.
This company is a major poultry processing plant which provides poultry to the national and international markets. As is the procedure with all client contracts; thought, consideration and consultation is undertaken to come up with a customised approach for our client taking into consideration supplier negotiations. A final contract price was then submitted and accepted.
Before beginning, a full and comprehensive Health and Safety plan was put in place along with special PPE including: full face masks, special overalls, gloves, and a supply of Pro-Biotics.
Safe access was also a pre-requisite for our client who insisted rigid standards be upheld, which complied with current legislation.
Scaffolding was erected to encase the entire project to fully ensure that all staff working on this project were safe, and eliminated the possibility of any falls, as the height of the disposal unit was 10 meters.
Qualified staff make all the difference.
All Unique Team members working on this project were NZQA qualified for safe working at heights. They were also qualified in the use of fall arrest systems.
Hydro blast the entire structure to a pressure of 5000 PSI to remove all grime, flaky rust deposits and loose paint.
The structure where required, needed to be scabler gunned to ensure all rust deposits were removed.
All areas of the structure were treated with a rust inhibitor which neutralisers the rust process.
Apply

########
Rank: 12
Score: 19.558332
Retrieved Text: Mesopotamia (modern Iraq, Syria, Jordan, Israel.) including early city states of Sumer such as Ur, Uruk (which become the Akkadian, Babylonian, and Assyrian Empires).
Indus River Valley (modern Pakistan/India) including Harappa and Mohenjo Dara.
Yellow River (China), aka the Shang Dynasty.
...all in one fell swoop! This is truly "Big" History.
Crash Course #1 "Agricultural Revolution"
Crash Course #2 "Indus River Valley Civilizations"
Crash Course #4 "Ancient Egypt"
Use these 41+ images to help you generate both "Do's" and "Do Not's" for your own Empire/Civilization Anatomy & Autopsy Projects!
Nerdfighteria Crash Course Videos & Transcripts!
CLICK ME I AM A HYPER LINK!
TimeMaps - All the timelines of human history!
The Big History Project Official Website!
CLICK ME I AM A HYPERLINK!!!

########
Rank: 13
Score: 19.529974
Retrieved Text: Aztec Hieroglyphics Pre Culture On images that posted in this website was uploaded by Tattoosocially.com. Aztec Hieroglyphics Pre Culture Onequipped with aHD resolution 800 x 983 jpeg 155kB Pixel.You can save Aztec Hieroglyphics Pre Culture On for free to your devices.
If you want to Save Aztec Hieroglyphics Pre Culture Onwith original size you can click theDownload link.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 19.494947
Retrieved Text: The module consists of a large, circular seal, two lock buttons and a wall of hieroglyphics.
To disarm the module, you must configure the locks correctly and then press the seal at the correct time.
The top row of small hieroglyphics show the five types of hieroglyphic that will appear on the module.
The next three rows have an archaeological number attached to them. This is the sum of the hieroglyphics in the row.
The first hieroglyphic in the 3-character row will always have the value 1.
Each of the other four hieroglyphics will have a different value from 2-5.
The four larger hieroglyphics determine the lock configuration.
The two hieroglyphics on the left refer to the Anubis (left) lock and the two on the right refer to the Horus (right) lock.
Use the below table to determine which configuration each of the locks should be set to. Change the lock position by pressing the button.
Count all appearances of that hieroglyphic and multiply it by its value.
Press the seal when the digital root of the product is equal to the last digit of the second timer to disarm the module.
Pressing the seal at an incorrect time or with the locks configured incorrectly will cause a strike.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 19.47177
Retrieved Text: If you do not have the possibility to visit our consulting room and you need a reliable advice from skilled nutritionist you can contact us and get it online.
As soon as we receive the Money we will contact you sending the questionnaire and table for nutritional diary.
next steps will be appointed via e-mail contact.
If you do not have the possibility to visit our consulting room and you need a reliable advice from skilled nutritionist you can contact us and get it online. How to use it?
The plan will be tailored made for you taking into consideration your daily rhythm, what you like and dislike to eat, how much time you like to spend cooking etc. You we also get recipes for the meals and a shopping list.
During these 8 weeks you can contact us via e-mail every time there is a need and 4 times via SKYPE (max 30 min each contact). PRICE: 459 PLN.
The plan will be tailored made for you taking into consideration your daily rhythm, what you like and dislike to eat, how much time you like to spend cooking etc.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 19.318624
Retrieved Text: EnCo SOX is a modular, multi user Safety & Security Engineering Workbench with comprehensive Integrations to your current IT landscape.
The SOX Requirement module offers a complete solution for elicitation, tracking and analyzing requirements. Import your product requirements specifications from Excel, Word, ReqIF or Rif and create the functional specification document in SOX. For this, you can reuse data former projects from the server-based catalog, compare different concepts and make status alignments via the SOX Traceability Matrix.
The SOX Documents module supports you in creating individual configurable documents for creating your safety case with one click.
Create test cases based on your requirements in SOX and pass them to their specific testing tools. Please approach us for specific data outputs. We will adjust the output in XML so you can pass SOX test cases along to your test tools and read back the status, so as to generate maximum assistance in the preparation of your project-related traceability.
Import or create your Bills of Materials (BOMs) in the SOX Reliability module. FIT values are calculated in the SOX RE module in compliance with project-specific profiles and can be used for various analyzes.
SOX also enables the semiquantitative analysis from semiconductors down to their parts (DIE and Package) and sub-areas (Blocks), according to ISO26262 (part 11) and ISO PAS 19451.
Calculate your parallel or serial configuration in the SOX module RBD whereas the various blocks are representing the individual system blocks. The SOX module RBD / FTA provides the option of displaying variants. Sources and effects of risks are therefore systematically identified and appropriate

########
Rank: 17
Score: 19.296097
Retrieved Text: Even when bankruptcy can help, most clients want to avoid bankruptcy if possible.
While certain tax debts are eliminated by bankruptcy, NOT all tax debts can be eliminated.
An Offer in Compromise is often a much better alternative than bankruptcy, and the Offer can erase ALL your tax debts – even if bankruptcy won’t!
If you are considering bankruptcy because of federal taxes, you should carefully examine all your other options first – options which can stop the IRS.
Why ruin your credit more than you have to?
If you have taxes which could be eliminated by bankruptcy, the IRS must take that into consideration when you submit an Offer in Compromise.
Jeff Fouts can direct you to the most beneficial settlement with the US Internal Revenue Service. Any compromise with the IRS will be in your best intrest.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 18.957632
Retrieved Text: with Rap Noir, Stoney Hawk, T-K.A.S.H feat. DJ True Justice & K.E.V.
Founded in Oakland, California in 1997, Hieroglyphics Imperium set the standard for underground hip hop coming out of the west coast. Based on previous fame from early Jive Records and Elektra releases Hieroglyphics Imperium capitalized on major label promotion for their independent artist. Still around with new releases in 2016 Hieroglyphics has become a staple in Hip Hop.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 18.887575
Retrieved Text: Audreey in Hieroglyphics - See your name written in ancient Egyptian Hieroglyphics.
Just as requested. The name Audreey written in ancient Egyptian Hieroglyphics.
Be creative with the name Audreey.
Learn about name meanings, name origins, name popularity, famous namesakes and more on our Audreey Meaning & More page.
Looking for something more mystical? Visit the Audreey Numerology page.
Learn about nautical flags and see your name or message written in nautical flags, on the Audreey in Nautical Flags page.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 18.829466
Retrieved Text: Babylon was a significant city in ancient Mesopotamia, in the fertile plain between the Tigris and Euphrates rivers. Babylon was originally a small Semitic Akkadian city dating from the period of the Akkadian Empire c. 2300 BC.
It has been estimated that Babylon was the largest city in the world from c. 1770 to 1670 BC, and again between c. 612 and 320 BC. It was the first city to reach a population above 200 000.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 18.791744
Retrieved Text: Many internet hosting providers offer content management systems to varying numbers of complexity; some will only feature basic systems, editors and templates. Shared hosting means that you get to use the same services along with other customers, a number determined solely by the web hosting company. Choosing a website hosting service is dependent upon the number of users.
Always make certain that this cancellation must not be initiated by the Web hosting company before the DNS activation. They offer features like multiple email accounts, MySql databases, greater file space for storing and higher bandwidth. By choosing the reseller hosting plan, they earn an extra edge along with a new possibility to make money. Does the web host's service support PHP, offer e-commerce tools like shopping carts etc.
As the name itself explain the reason is a completely private hosting services. Linux is right for those who desire to run PHP, CGI or Perl scripts and you may use Windows if you want to work on ASP platform. Also search for any permission that is available for the files or folders. Choose an online site host that gets your web site on the Internet and keeps it there.
While choosing an ecommerce hosting provider, the principal consideration should be client convenience; your visitors should have no trouble when making a purchase. You must be able to buy your own url of your website. If you search for free website hosting, you are going to find hundreds available. While there are traps on the market waiting for that unwary consumer, it

########
Rank: 22
Score: 18.783674
Retrieved Text: In light of last month's events at the Food Safety Summit in Maryland, it seems appropriate to highlight a recent article "Ensuring Food Safety with Monte Carlo Simulation" featured in the Risk Management Monitor.
The article shines light on the fact that the U.S. Food and Drug Administration has launched an interactive web-based tool called iRISK, to combat the seeming endless risks in the "farm-to-table" pathway. Like Palisade's flagship product, @RISK, this tool utilizes Monte Carlo simulation to analyze potential food contamination risk based on a number of factors: the food(s), the hazard(s), the population of concern (for instance, elderly or immune-compromised), the production or processing system being used for the food, the consumption patterns, the dose response (what level of exposure will have a health impact), and how the health effects are to be calculated.
Along the same lines, when Shanghai hosted the 41st World Expo in May 2010, the Shanghai Food and Drug Administration relied on Monte Carlo simulation to assess food safety. Organizers wanted to be certain that food distributed to foreign visitors was safe, so it initiated a quantitative analysis of nitrite contamination in cooked meat. The Shanghai FDA conducted 370 random checks of meat products in the city and found four percent of samples exceeded nitrite standards.
The findings indicated that the possibility of passing the threshold for acute nitrite poisoning indeed existed, as well as the possibility for exceeding the allowable daily intake of nitrite. Based on the results, the Shanghai FDA proposed that businesses in the food service industry be forbidden from

########
Rank: 23
Score: 18.781754
Retrieved Text: The Souls of Mischief will bring their Bay Area rap to Pipeline Cafe Saturday when they perform at the "Soul Village" concert.
Starting with 1993's "93 til Infinity," Souls of Mischief have held it down for the Bay Area's independent rap scene.
Tajai Massey, 31, along with fellow crew members A-Plus, Opio and Phesto, have released three full-length albums over the ensuing 13 years, made numerous appearances on compilation albums by the Heiroglyphics and undertaken various solo efforts.
The Star-Bulletin caught up with Massey earlier this week in Oakland, Calif., where he's relaxing for a few days before making the trip to paradise.
Question: For those who might be sleeping on you guys, what's the story with Hieroglyphics and Souls of Mischief?
Answer: The Hieroglyphics is a crew we started out in Oakland, Calif. First guy under the crew, his name was Del (the Funky Homosapien), he came out in '91. There's also Casual, Souls of Mischief ... then we got Pep Love and Domino.
Q: So all the Souls are part of Hieroglyphics, but not all the Heiroglyphcis are Souls of Mischief?
A: Exactly. We're half of Hieroglyphics.
A: We all went to elementary school and lived in the same neighborhood and all that.
Q: I first heard of you guys in 1995 with "No Man's Land," after hearing some friends complain about the change in your sound. Was it that different an album from "93 til Infinity?"
A: We try to make things different every time, man. I think an artist that works within a formula isn't really an artist. If you look at

########
Rank: 24
Score: 18.742132
Retrieved Text: These figures are appropriate as the main battle-line spearmen of the Akkadian and Neo-Sumerian Successor State armies at the end of the Early Bronze Age. They can also be used in Early Elamite and Early Highlander armies as household troops or mercenaries. It is possible that the front rank spearmen did not carry a spear, but rather carried only an axe and large body shield to protect the rear ranks of the phalanx. This is dependant on how the earlier Sumerian Stele of Vultures is interpreted. Akkadian practice is taken to follow this precedent, as there is no pictorial evidence of Akkadians using shields. However, as some wargames rules only provide for 2 actual ranks of spearmen to represent the body of spearmen, the visual impact of a phalanx of spears would be lost if only the rear rank had a spear. Hence, these figures have the front rank with a shield and a spear and the rear ranks with a spear only.
Following on from earlier Sumerian practice it is possible therefore that the weight of the shield was taken by a strap attached to the shield and which hung over the shoulder. Indeed there is possible evidence of large wicker shields from an Akkadian stela from Nasriyah, and which show shoulder straps. It seems logical that shields would start to become smaller before the eventual adoption of the Amorite shield at the beginning of the Middle Bronze Age.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 18.700087
Retrieved Text: The Age of Agade is the 1st book-length learn of the Akkadian interval of Mesopotamian historical past, which observed the increase and fall of the world’s first empire in the course of greater than a century of striking political, social, and cultural innovation. It attracts jointly greater than forty years of analysis by way of one of many world’s prime specialists in Assyriology to supply an exhaustive survey of the Akkadian empire.
Addressing all elements of the empire, together with its statecraft and armed forces, territory and towns, arts, faith, financial system, and creation, The Age of Agade considers what should be stated of Akkadian political and social heritage, fabric tradition, and way of life. a last bankruptcy additionally explores how the empire has been provided in sleek historiography, from the decipherment of cuneiform to the current, together with the huge study of Soviet historians, summarized right here in English for the 1st time. Drawing on contemporaneous written and artifactual assets, in addition to correct fabrics from succeeding generations, Foster introduces the reader to the wealth of proof to be had. Accessibly written by way of a consultant within the box, this booklet is a fascinating exam of a serious period within the heritage of early Mesopotamia.
This ebook examines the function of social networks within the formation of id between sophists, philosophers and Christians within the early Roman Empire. club in every one classification was once validated and evaluated socially in addition to discursively. From clashes over admission to school rooms and communion to development of the

########
Rank: 26
Score: 18.691486
Retrieved Text: Fee and Audition: All applications are free. Select applicants will be invited to a live audition via e-mail through YAP Tracker. Those who accept our invitation to a live audition will need to pay a nonrefundable audition fee of $30 by the designated date or withdraw in writing. Instructions for audition fee payment will be sent with your audition invitation. Applicants unable to appear for their scheduled audition may be eliminated from consideration. The Patrick G. and Shirley W. Ryan Opera Center is an equal opportunity employer/program.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 18.617847
Retrieved Text: (sorry if this is old news) I kept a save file of right when Desmond takes the apple and I'm glad I did. I took a look around the room after all the platform jumping was over with Juno. I tried to make out those markings but I came up short. But....you know that weird pedestal in the center you activated before taking the apple? well there are stairs you can take incase you fall during that platform thing. On those stairs are Sumerian images (numerals if I'm right) all along the sides of those stairs. There's also a few images along side them as well. They looked egyptian to me.
Now I don't what they mean but I think I can find out. If you got a save file in the vault you can see for yourself. If I can figure anything out I'll post it here.
Sorry if I'm being a complete moron here, but do you mean the same text that looks like it has been etched into the wall & can be seen in the room with the stairs, 2 large statues & eery blue glow?
I am no linguist of any sort, but I spent a lot of time looking and comparing. I can not single out one language, but I would say it is almost certainly in the Proto-Sinaitic line, which really doesn't round things down much. It is difficult to say with certainty, but this text could be reversed and or inverted. I came up with some matches with Pheonician, Archaic Etruscan,

########
Rank: 28
Score: 18.580687
Retrieved Text: Warlord Games have more new miniatures from the Cutting Edge Bronze Age range. Following on from the miniatures released for the Sumerian and Akkadian armies last week, the next release for the new Early/Middle Bronze Age range widens your range of troop options with slingers, axemen and archers.
The Early Household Axemen are Bodyguard Axemen of the Early Bronze Age. They can be used in Sumerian, early Akkadian, early Syrian and early Elamite City-State armies. They can be suitably mixed in with Early Highlander Axemen as an Early Highlander General’s Bodyguard.
The figures can be suitably used as Hattian Axemen or even those of the city-states of the Arabian seaboard, such as Makkan, in the Early Bronze Age.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 18.575838
Retrieved Text: We have all heard about the tremendous success that the shale revolution has had on limiting the United States’ dependence on foreign oil. In a recent World Oil article, it was reported that Saudi Arabia has started to lose some market share in the U.S. as the supply of inexpensive domestic oil increases. Domestic oil production as a result of hydraulic fracturing has increased by 65% in the past five years and a lot of the imports we are accepting are now coming through pipelines from Canada. Could we see less U.S. interaction in world affairs as the need to maintain a steady oil supply from abroad decreases?
In a Washington Examiner article by Paul Bedard, it was reported that foreign influence on U.S. energy is still a threat, but in a significantly different way. Former government officials are now warning Washington D.C. that organizations, such as the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria (“ISIS”), may target domestic electric grids. And their potential success at disrupting these grids is significant given the fact that the grids are so poorly secured.
As the article reports, Frank Gaffney, who founded and presides over the Center for Security Policy, believes that should the power in the U.S. be knocked out for over a year, “nine out of 10 Americans would likely perish.” This seems extremely high, but taking the domino effect into consideration, it is not that surprising since water systems, hospitals, banks, and refrigeration capacities would fail as a result of a power outage. Further, city transportation services would face

================



======= Instance Index 402 =========
Input Text: The word "mixture" has multiple meanings. Does it have the same meaning in sentences 1 and 2? Yes or no?

Sentence 1: He drank a mixture of beer and lemonade.
Sentence 2: The mixture of sulphuric acid and water produces heat.

Target Text: No

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 41.91979
Retrieved Text: Esterification is an equilibrium reaction to form ester mainly from alcohols and carboxylic acids. Esters can also be made from the reactions between acyl chlorides (acid chlorides) and alcohols, and from acid anhydrides and alcohols.
Esters are mainly produced from carboxylic acid and alcohols by heating in presence of acid catalyst. Usually concentrated sulfuric acid is used as a catalyst. For example ethanoic acid and propanol reacts to form propyl-ethanoate and water.
Carboxylic acids and alcohols are warmed together in presence of a few drops of concentrated sulphuric acid. The fruity smell proved the formation of esters. For a quick observation you can use small quantities of everything in a test tube and then heat it, in a hot water bath for a couple of minutes.
The smell is often distorted by the smell of carboxylic acid because of the reverse reaction to form carboxylic acid. By pouring the whole reaction mixture in a small beaker, the smell can be detected.
Small esters are fairly soluble in water but solubility decreases with the increase of chain length. Long chain esters form a thin layer on the surface. Acid and alcohol both dissolved in water and are tucked safely away under the ester layer. Longer chain esters smell, tend towards artificial fruit flavoring.
To produce ester in large scale there are two different methods for short and long chain esters. Small esters are usually formed faster than bigger ones. For example, by heating a mixture of ethanoic acid and ethanol in presence of concentrated sulphuric acid, a small ester ethanoic acid can

########
Rank: 1
Score: 41.471912
Retrieved Text: but this does not quantitatively represent the change, some tetrathionate and pentathionate also being produced, whilst the quantity of sulphur liberated is correspondingly less. The trithionate crystallises from the solution, and the free acid is obtained in the solution by treatment with hydrofluosilicic acid.
A similar formation of trithionate can be effected by recrystallising a mixture of potassium thiosulphate and potassium hydrogen sulphite in aqueous solution. It is probable that the method by which potassium trithionate was first prepared depended on the same reaction. Potassium hydrogen sulphite solution was warmed with sulphur for several days, with the result that sulphate, thiosulphate and trithionate were obtained, the formation of the last-named in all probability occurring by way of the thiosulphate.
2NaHgS2O3 = Hg2S + Na2S3O6.
Na2SO3 + Na2S2O3 + I2 = Na2S3O6 + 2NaI.
Subsequent investigation indicated that this view of the reaction was erroneous, and that any trithionate obtained was actually due to a secondary reaction between tetrathionate and sulphite.
is possibly connected with the decomposition of sulphites into sulphate and sulphur.
K2S + 4KHSO3 + 4SO2 = 3K2S3O6 + 2H2O.
2K2SO4 + SCl2 = K2S3O6 + 2KCl.
Trithionic acid is found together with sulphuric, sulphurous and thiosulphuric acids in the reaction product from the decomposition of nitrogen sulphide, N4S4, with water.
In the oxidation of alkali sulphides or polysulphides by potassium permanganate solution at the ordinary temperature, trithionic acid has been found amongst the reaction products, in addition to sulphuric acid and sulphur.
The spontaneous degradation of the higher polythionates gives rise to trithionate.
H2S3O6 = H2SO4 + S + SO2.
The decomposition is really due to

########
Rank: 2
Score: 41.20447
Retrieved Text: The Bilbao Sulphuric Acid Plant is located in the Port of Bilbao in Northern Spain, only 20km from the city.
The facility was commissioned in 2013 and makes use of the most recent technical advances in sulphuric acid production, heat recovery and electricity generation. The plant produces high purity sulphuric acid and oleum (acid equivalent capacity of 340 thousand tonnes p.a.) as well as molten sulphur through its re-melting facility. The products, sold regionally and exported, are used in a wide variety of applications like ore leaching, oil refining, chemical manufacturing and fertilisers.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 39.402203
Retrieved Text: Nitroglycerine, C3H5(NO2)3 is a commonly known high explosive. Liquid at normal temperature and pressures, it is used in construction or demolition and is a component of dynamite.
In its pure form, it is shock sensitive (i.e. physical shock can cause it to explode), and degrades over time to less stable forms. This makes it highly dangerous to transport or use in its pure form.
The compound follows similar rules to other explosives. An explosion is essentially very fast combustion, and combustion requires fuel and oxidant. This compound, as you can see below, essentially contains both of these components. If you detonate this compound under pressure, it will explode to form thousands of times its original volume in hot gas.
The making of nitroglycerine is obviously very potentially dangerous as there is the hazard of the product exploding. Do not attempt to make this yourself.
The industrial manufacturing process uses a 50:50 mixture of fuming sulphuric acid (fuming means it is very concentrated) and red fuming nitric acid. This produces the nitronium ion in situ, and this attacks the glycerine molecule at the negatively charged oxygen atoms. The functional group NO2 is thus added, adding extra oxygen atoms to the flammable substance glycerine.
The use of strong acids almost always produces an exothermic reaction, and this case is no exception. However, if the mixture becomes too hot, it will explode. Thus, the acid mixture is added slowly to the reaction vessel containing the glycerine. The reaction vessel itself is cooled using ice-cold water, or other coolant mixture at around 0°C. The vessel

########
Rank: 4
Score: 38.184685
Retrieved Text: Coloriasto: Intercommunication. / Waterproof and Fireproof Paint Without Oil. Making Black Paint from Molasses.
Intercommunication. / Waterproof and Fireproof Paint Without Oil. Making Black Paint from Molasses.
 Waterproof and Fireproof Paint Without Oil.
On page 159, Vol. III., you give a new process for making paint without oil; but you do not give the proportions of the oxide and chloride of zinc, nor of the starch used. Please give these particulars; and as the zinc-white is sold by weight, and the chloride is a fluid sold by measure, please state whether the proportions are to be determined by measurement or absolute weight. Also, if the starch ought to be dissolved, or to be added dry to the zinc mixture? Would it do to color it with a pigment that had been ground in oil? Must it be used immediately, or can it be kept from hardening by protecting it from the action of the air, by keeping it covered up? - T. S. C., of Shelbina, Missouri.
Our correspondent asks more than is necessary. We have made the compound in question without troubling ourselves about the proportions, only using judgment in the employ of the quantities while mixing. In regard to the question if the starch is to be dissolved, our recipe commences with saying, "Boiled starch may be made waterproof," etc. As to the question of mixing it with a pigment ground in oil, we said, "A mineral pigment may be added," which does not mean a pigment ground in oil. Our correspondent surely knows that water and

########
Rank: 5
Score: 37.159695
Retrieved Text: Sulphuric Acid Method. It may be pointed out in advance that the differences of opinion regarding this method are as great as those concerning the nitric acid method. The idea to utilize the stability of the petroleum hydrocarbons toward strong sulphuric acid in order to detect their presence in turpentine oil, dates back to Armstrong2). Herzfeld3) improved the method by supplementing the treatment of concentrated sulphuric acid with a second treatment with fuming sulphuric acid. Eibner and Hue4) attribute the varying results obtained by analysts5) when treating turpentine oil with sulphuric acid to the different strength of the fuming sulphuric acid employed and to variations in the conditions observed. The fuming sulphuric acid of commerce varies greatly and this variation is not sufficiently recognized by analysts. Hence they determined the conditions under which comparable results can be obtained provided the apparatus employed by them is used.
1) Marcusson, Chem. Ztg. 33 (1909), 966, 978, 985; 34 (1910), 285; 36 (1912), 413, 421. - Herzfeld, ibidem 33 (1909), 1081; 34 (1910), 885.
2) Journ. Soc. chem. Industry 1 (1882), 478; Chem. Zentralbl. 1883, 206.
3) Zeitschr. f. off. Chem. 9 (1903), 454; Chem. Zentralbl. 1904, I. 548.
4) Chem. Ztg. 34 (1910), 643, 657.
The burette adapted to shaking (fig. 3) used by Eibner and Hue consists of a lower narrow portion of about 10 cc. capacity. 7 cc. of this part are calibrated into 1/10 cc. The wider, middle portion has a capacity of about 25 to 50 cc. It is provided with two projections of glass, by means of which

########
Rank: 6
Score: 37.07514
Retrieved Text: So many factors. Battery needs care to maintain its chemistry and its energy efficiency. The aging process starts at the moment the battery leaves the manufacturing factory. Self discharge ,sulphation, capacity loss, overcharging, dendrite growth, grid corrosion, excessive heat and water loss etc are some common reasons for the premature battery failure.
If the battery is not cycling for long period, self discharge takes place @ 4 % per week at 27 degree. For example, a 125 Ah battery shows self discharge @ 5 Amps current per week if it is not discharging through the Inverter. Sulphation is another important factor affecting battery efficiency. The lead sulphate accumulating on the plates prevents charge release/ acceptance cycles. Usually the lead sulphate crystals will be removed during water filling and charging. So it is better to charge the battery as soon as possible to prevent sulphation.
Another important reason is overcharging. The battery used in backup systems should have a charger cut off facility, otherwise the battery will get over charged due to float charging. When the battery is overcharged, the charge voltage increases above the Gassing voltage. This causes formation of excess hydrogen. The Gassing voltage of a 12 V lead acid battery is 14.3 at room temperature. The battery voltage crosses the gassing voltage level if one or more cells are damaged or weaker. The weaker cell will charge last since its resistance is lower than the good cells. So higher voltage appears across the good cells and may increase the voltage above the gassing voltage level.
By using

########
Rank: 7
Score: 36.972782
Retrieved Text: During Hindalco’s copper production process, by-products such as sulphuric acid and copper slag are formed. Sulphuric acid is partly converted into phosphoric acid, which is then made to react with ammonia to make di-ammonium phosphate (DAP) fertiliser. During the process of making phosphoric acid, phosphogypsum and hydrofluosilicic acid (HFA) are formed. HFA is partly utilised to make aluminium fluoride, and rest is sold in the market.
Hindalco produces sulphuric acid of IS 266/1993 technical grade. The sulphuric acid plants use the double contact double absorption (DCDA) process, and are designed by Monsanto Envirochem (USA).
Hindalco’s phosphoric acid plant is based on the Prayon Mark IV dihydrate technology provided by SNC Lavalin (Belgium).
Phosphogypsum is a by-product of Hindalco’s phosphoric acid plant.
Copper slag is produced during the smelting process at Hindalco’s copper smelter located at Dahej.
Hindalco produces aluminium fluoride by reacting HFA (a by-product of the phosphoric acid plant) with aluminium hydroxide (from Hindalco’s aluminium manufacturing facilities).

########
Rank: 8
Score: 36.603683
Retrieved Text: Thus by transposition we may write the last equation as follows 2HI =H2+12+12200 cal., and thus express that hydriodic acid when decomposed into its elements evolves 12200 cal.
Reason in its own strength and with its own instruments evolves a system of the universe which coincides, according to Erigena, with the teaching of Scripture.
At a red heat it evolves oxygen with the formation of potassium nitrite, which, in turn, decomposes at a higher temperature.
Magnesium oxychloride when heated to redness in a current of air evolves a mixture of hydrochloric acid and chlorine and leaves a residue of magnesia, a reaction which is employed in the Weldon-Pechiney and Mond processes for the manufacture of chlorine.
The passage of this large quar`it-y of carbon and iron, 0.90% of the former and 12.6 of the latter, from a state of mere solution as hardenite to one of definite chemical union as cementite, together with the passage of the iron itself from the y to the a state, evolves so much heat as actually to heat the mass up so that it brightens in a striking manner.
The alcohol is removed by distillation in vacuo, and by further concentration in vacuo a solution may be obtained which evolves 580 volumes of oxygen.
Truth, morals and justice are subject to no evolution; but the collective man evolves better forms of knowledge and behaviour.
In addition, radium evolves an "emanation" which is an extraordinarily inert gas, recalling the "inactive" gases of the atmosphere.
The pure metal readily evolves hydrogen when acted upon by sulphuric and hydrochloric acids, and

########
Rank: 9
Score: 35.85262
Retrieved Text: Probably you already have at least a speaking acquaintance with the chemical family to which fluorine belongsâ€”the “halogen group” including chlorine, bromine, and iodine. Pure fluorine, like chlorine, is a greenish-yellow gas. You will usually encounter it, however, in the company of other elements with which it forms salts called fluorides, just as chlorine commonly is found in the form of salts called chlorides. The crystalline mineral variously called fluor spar and fluo-rite consists of calcium fluoride, a compound of calcium and fluorine. From natural or artificially prepared fluorides you can make the glass-eating chemical, hydrofluoric acid. This substance in turn will yield a strange gas, silicon tetrafluoride, which has properties that you will find worth while investigating.
Pioneers of chemical research kept their crude apparatuses busy distilling all manner of concoctions to see what they would obtain. When they tried a mixture of fluor spar and strong sulphuric acid, distillation produced a strange substance that ate away the glass of the vessels. The great French physicist and chemist, Andre Ampere, rightly suggested that the substance was a combination of hydrogen and a new chemical element, which received the name of fluorine. Subsequent investigators used distilling apparatus made of metal, usually lead or platinum, which the distilled productâ€”hydrofluoric acidâ€”does not so readily attack.
You can easily duplicate their experiments with a homemade retort and condenser, fashioned from a piece of lead pipe about an inch, or a little more, in inside diameter. Crimp one end to close it securely and place in this end about half an ounce

########
Rank: 10
Score: 35.79672
Retrieved Text: 2.1.2 2. Measuring the amount of product produced in a period of time or measuring the amount of reactant remain in a period of time.
Rate of reaction/Speed of reaction: It is the speed for a reactant to be used up or product to be formed.
Speed of reaction is inversely proportional to time taken; the shorter the time needed for reaction to complete, the faster the speed of reaction is.
2. Measuring the amount of product produced in a period of time or measuring the amount of reactant remain in a period of time.
Can be measured by plotting change in volume of gas evolved, mass of reaction mixture as reaction proceeds and change of pressure of gas formed.
A. Measuring the amount of gas evolved.
Consider reaction of limestone with acid to produce carbon dioxide.
A syringe is used to help in measurement of gas produced in volume every time interval.
A graph of volume of gas against time is plotted.
Gradient largest at start indicating speed at its greatest.
Gradient decreases with time – speed decreases with time.
Gradient becomes zero, speed is zero. The reaction has finished.
B. Measuring change in mass of reaction mixture.
Marble is reacted with acid in a flask with cotton wool stucked at top to prevent splashing during reaction but it allows gas to be free.
The reading on balance is plotted on a graph on every time interval.
When large marble is reacted with acid and compared to reaction of fine marble solids being reacted with acid and the graph of volume of gas against time is plotted, it is found

########
Rank: 11
Score: 35.331535
Retrieved Text: Procedure for analysis for Microcrystalline Cellulose in pharmaceutical quality control laboratory.
A fine or granular, white or almost white powder; odorless.
Insoluble in water but swells producing a white opaque dispersion or gel; slightly soluble in dilute Sodium hydroxide solution; insoluble in dilute acids, in acetone, in ethanol and in toluene.
A. Red color is produced.
B. A blue-purple color is produced.
Procedure: Mix about 30 g sample with 270 ml of water, mix in a blender at 18,000 rpm for 5 minutes, transfer 100 ml of the mixture to a 100-ml graduated cylinder and allow standing for 3 hours. A white, opaque, bubble-free dispersion is obtained that does not produce a supernatant liquid.
Procedure: Place about 10 mg on a watch glass and disperse in 2 ml of iodinated zinc chloride solution R. The substance becomes violet-blue.
Where k1 is the viscometer constant.
Where k2 is the viscometer constant.
Determine the intrinsic viscosity [h]c by interpolation, using the Intrinsic Viscosity Table.
Where m is the mass in grams, of the substance to be examined and b is the loss on drying as a percentage.
Procedure: Take 5.0 g of sample in a clean and dried 150 ml beaker, add 40 ml of carbon dioxide-free water, and stir for 5 minutes and centrifuge. Measure the pH of the supernatant liquid.
Limit: No blue or brownish-red color is produced.
Procedure: Mix 0.1 g of sample with 5 ml of water by vigorous shaking and add 2-3 drops of iodine solution, no blue or brownish - red color is produced.
Procedure: Take 10 mg of the sample on a watch glass and

########
Rank: 12
Score: 34.700417
Retrieved Text: ABSTRACT: Nitration of potassium sulphamate was carried out using a mixture of sulphuric and nitric acid at -30 °C. The reaction time was optimized at the mole ratio of sulphuric to nitric acid of (1:3.5). The difference in product yield by changing the potassium to ammonium sulphamate was studied throughly. It was found that both the yield and purity of the product is better starting with potassium sulphamate.
Dinitramide salts, a uniquely stable oxyanion of nitrogen, were first discovered in 1988 [1,2]. The dinitramide salts have high oxygen content and are prepared with different counterions including potassium cesium, ammonium and hydrazinium salts. The ammonium salt of dinitramide anion, (NH4N(NO2)2) or ADN is thermally more labile and impact sensitive than ammonium nitrate, but considerably more stable than the related covalenty bounded, N-N-dinitro derivatives such as alkyldinitramines (R-N(NO2)2) or nitramide. The ability of dinitramide anion to form stable oxygen rich salts with a variety of cations makes it a promising candidate for the development of energetic oxidizers insolid propellants. A potential practical use for this compound is as a replacement for ammonium perchlorate (AP) to give an environmentally benign solid rocket propellant system . It is expected that the combustion of propellants containing halogen-free ADN instead of ammonium perchlorate (AP) will show a significant reduced plume signature and atmospheric ozone destruction caused by the emission of hydrochloric acid. With respect to ammonium nitrate, ADN has higher energy content.
The exothermic decomposition takes place already underlow pressure.
- From dinitramines possessing the following pattern: XCH2CH2N(NO2)2 which during decomposition in ammonia/water solution liberate

########
Rank: 13
Score: 34.678715
Retrieved Text: 1. Is your mawa or khoya adulterated?
This is a simple trick to find out if your khoya is adulterated with starch. Put the freshly purchased mawa in some hot water. Allow it to cool and add a little bit of iodine in this solution. If mawa turns blue, then it is adulterated with starch.
Fresh and unadulterated mawa has an oily and grainy texture. Rub it on your palms to check for sweetness and tartness. If it tastes slightly sweet and leaves your hand greasy then it is adulterated.
Sulphuric acid is used for checking the presence of certain chemicals like formalin (a harmful preservative used in mortuaries) in mawa. Take mawa in a bowl and add some concentrated sulphuric acid to it. If there is bluish or violet colour in the sample, then it may be adulterated with formalin.
Another easy method to check adulteration is by adding some sugar in a bowl of mawa. Boil the mixture. If the mixture starts to leave water, then it is adulterated.
Check the manufacturing date before buying mawa from the market. The shelf life of packaged mawa should not be more than 2 days.
You can also test the purity of khoya by tasting it. If it taste like raw milk then it is pure, else it’s not.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 33.97237
Retrieved Text: Learn how to analyze the Lactates, Lead Compounds and Magnesium Salts in Pharmaceutical components.
To 5 ml of a solution of the substance under examination containing about 5 mg of lactic acid or to 5 ml of the prescribed solution add 1 ml of bromine water and 0.5 ml of 1M sulphuric acid. Heat on a water-bath, stirring occasionally with a glass rod until the color is discharged. Add 4 g of ammonium sulfate, mix and add dropwise, without mixing, 0.2 ml of a 10 percent w/v solution of sodium nitroprusside in 1 M sulphuric acid. Without mixing, add 1 ml of strong ammonia solution and allow to stand for 30 minutes; a dark green ring appears at the interface of the two liquids.
A. Dissolve 0.1 g of the substance under examination in 1 ml of dilute acetic acid or use 1 ml of the prescribed solution. Add 2 ml of potassium chromate solution; a yellow precipitate insoluble in 2 ml of 10 M sodium hydroxide is produced.
B. Dissolve 50 mg of the substance under examination in 1 ml of dilute acetic acid or use 1 ml of the prescribed solution. Add 10 ml of water and 0.2 ml of 1 M potassium iodide; a yellow precipitate is formed. Heat to boiling for 1 or 2 minutes and allow to cool; the precipitate is reformed as glistening, yellow plates.
A. Dissolve about 15 mg of the substance under examination in 2 ml of water or use 2 ml of the prescribed solution. Add 1ml of dilute ammonia solution;

########
Rank: 15
Score: 33.639046
Retrieved Text: A galvanising company in the Netherlands continuously cleans its anodizing baths containing sulphuric acid with a combination of diffusion dialysis and reverse osmosis.
Different baths contain different levels of sulphuric acid. It is important that the quality of the anodizing bath and the rinse water is constant. Paques’ IONPAQ® technology enables this.
In 2000 a water treatment system was installed in combination with the aluminium anodizing line that consists of three baths. The anodizing bath contains 250-300 g/l sulphuric acid and its wastewater is treated with diffusion dialysis. This recovers a large percentage of the sulphuric acid. The waste from the second rinsing bath (1.5-3 g/l sulphuric acid) is treated with reverse osmosis.
The initial investment earned itself back within three years.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 33.577408
Retrieved Text: This article explains the strategies at the back of technique layout. It makes use of a case learn technique, guiding readers via real looking layout difficulties, and referring again to those circumstances on the finish of every bankruptcy. all through, the writer makes use of shortcut options that let engineers to acquire the entire concentration for a layout in a really brief interval (generally under days).
This new booklet can be welcomed through businesses fascinated by catalysis and catalyst production, sorbent and detergent creation, chemical and petroleum refining, and by means of learn scientists in academia. It includes seventy six unique contributions of modern paintings on primary and technological features of zeolite study and alertness.
This broad-based publication covers the 3 significant parts of Chemical Engineering. many of the books available in the market contain one of many person parts, particularly, Fluid Mechanics, warmth move or Mass move, instead of the entire 3. This e-book offers this fabric in one resource. This avoids the consumer having to consult a few books to procure info.
G. COH), the name deriving from thf: type of carbon atom on which the theoretical substitution has been made. , pentaerythritol and so on. We will come across these polyhydric alcohols again in Part Two. Methyl alcohol is prepared industrially by the reaction co+ Zinc Chromite 2H 2 400° c V. high pressure Ethanol is what is usually meant by 'alcohol'. It is prepared by the fermentation of sugar using yeast. Alternatively, ethylene may be absorbed in concentrated sulphuric acid under pressure and at 75-80°

########
Rank: 17
Score: 33.52807
Retrieved Text: Microbiologically Influenced Corrosion is wellknown in sewers as BAC, Biological Acid Corrosion. As a result of anaërobe conditions sulphates in the sewer water is transited into hydrogen sulphide (H2S). The Sulphate Reducing Bacterius Desulfovibrio desulfuricans is active under such conditions. Other bacteria active in anaërobe conditions and that transpose proteins in volatile sulphur compositions are the bacteria Veillonella, Clostrida and Proteus. The sewer atmosphere above the water will contain a high concentration of hydrogen sulphide.
On the cooler concrete wall water condensation occurs and the hydrogen sulphide dissolves in the water droplets. But because of the presence of air in the atmosphere the sulphide oxidises into elemental sulphur. Thiobacilles will transpose the sulphur into sulphuric acid.
Various thiobacilles are active dependent on the pH value of the environment. The “thiobacillus infermedius” and the “thiobacillus novellus” decrease in number when the pH value of the sulpuric acid has been decreased down to 6. Then the “thiobacillus neapolitanus” becomes active down to a pH of ca 5. At pH’s lower than 5 the “thiobacillus thiooxidans” takes over the process and at last a pH value of 1 to 2 can be achieved, a rather corrosive condition.
During the fermentation and the anaërobe decomposition of the dung hydrogen sulphide is formed by the reduction of sulphates. Dung for itself is not corrosive for steel because it is neutral or light alkaline. Open on the air there exist a rather high smell problem. Therefore in the years ‘80 open silos should be covered by law. However this changes the environment on the walls

########
Rank: 18
Score: 33.258045
Retrieved Text: Identification: A solution (1 in 20) responds to the tests for Potassium and for Phosphate.
Insoluble substances: Dissolve 10 g in 100 mL of hot water, filter through a tarred filtering crucible, wash the insoluble residue with hot water, and dry at 105 for 2 hours: the weight of the residue so obtained does not exceed 20 mg (0.2%).
Carbonate: To 1 g add 3 mL of water and 2 mL of 3 N hydrochloric acid: not more than a few bubbles are evolved.
Chloride: A 1.0-g portion shows no more chloride than corresponds to 0.40 mL of 0.020 N hydrochloric acid (0.03%).
Sulfate: A 0.20-g portion shows no more sulfate than corresponds to 0.20 mL of 0.020 N sulfuric acid (0.1%).
Iron: the limit is 0.003%.
Sodium: A solution (1 in 10) tested on a platinum wire imparts no pronounced yellow color to a non-luminous flame.
Limit of fluoride: the limit is 0.001%.
Limit of monobasic or tribasic salt: Dissolve 3 g in 30 mL of water, cool to 20C, and add 3 drops of thymol blue TS: a blue color is produced, which is changed to yellow (with a greenish tinge) by the addition of not more than 0.4 mL of 1 N hydrochloric acid.
Identification: A solution (1 in 20) responds to the tests for Potassium 191 and for Phosphate.
Loss on drying: Dry it at 105 for 4 hours: it loses not more than 1.0% of its weight.
Insoluble substances: Dissolve 10 g in 100 mL of hot water, filter through a tarred filtering crucible, wash the insoluble residue with hot water, and

########
Rank: 19
Score: 32.72397
Retrieved Text: : I composited an image using computer software.
: In English, the verb to be is conjugated as follows: I am, you are, he/she/it is, we are, you are, they are.
*: The effects of hunger were often conjugated with epidemic disease.
*: We have learned, in logic, that conjugates are sometimes in name only, and not in deed.
: Their music has been described as a blend of jazz and heavy metal.
: Our department has a good blend of experienced workers and young promise.
: The word [[brunch]] is a blend of the words [[breakfast]] and [[lunch]].
: ux|en|To make hummus you need to blend chickpeas, olive oil, lemon juice and garlic.
*: There is a tone of solemn and sacred feeling that blends with our conviviality.
*: Compound substances are made up of two or more simple substances.
*: We have the power of altering and compounding those images into all the varieties of picture.
*: Only compound me with forgotten dust.
*: I pray, my lords, let me compound this strife.
*: Heres a fellow will help you to-morrow; ... compound with him by the year.
*: They were at last glad to compound for his bare commitment to the Tower.
*: Cornwall compounded to furnish ten oxen after Michaelmas for thirty pounds.
*: Compound for sins they are inclined to / By damning those they have no mind to.
: The mixture of [[sulphuric acid]] and [[water]] produces [[heat]].
: An [[alloy]] is a mixture of two [[metal]]s.
: The [[day]] was a mixture of [[sunshine]] and [[shower]]s.
*: It will stoope and yeeld upon better compositions to him that shall

########
Rank: 20
Score: 32.655502
Retrieved Text: Safety goggles! Ventilation! Flames, except when needed, are to be extinquished.
In the (normal) test tube one adds initially approx. 3 ml ethanol, then one carefully adds approx. 1.5 ml concentrated sulphuric acid.
The mixture, which possibly becomes somewhat brown, should be carefully swayed back and forth. If this does not happen, then it will at first boil with eructation.
One clamps the test tube steeply or vertically in the stand, one puts the stopper with the discharge tube on, such that the discharge tube leads into a test tube, which itself is placed into a beaker filled with snow or ice water. In order to avoid recoil the discharge tube should discharge a goodly distance from the bottom. Between the flame and the beaker one should maintain a certain distance in order to avoid the inflammation of the produced ether.
The mixture is heated with the burner and is keep boiling slightly, it will thereby become deep brown or even black. Do not overheat and only until a good half of the mixture has been distilled off. A clear distillate collects in the beaker. After termination of distillation the burner is to be immediately extinguished and before opening of the apparatus one should wait minimally about a minute.
The product is, as one can easily verify, barely water soluble and lighter than water. It has a characteristic smell, which can, however, due to by-products seem somewhat burnt. The later can be reduced if one ends the distillation process prematurely.
One carefully adds (temperature rise) to the reaction mixture one to two

########
Rank: 21
Score: 32.546265
Retrieved Text: The latest reviewed version was checked on 13 September 2018. There are 3 pending changes awaiting review.
Use Sodium Nitroprusside. In the presence of sulphide ions a deep violet coloration is formed. [Fe(CN)5NOS]4- complex anion formed in the presence of sulphide ions is the cause for this coloration.colouration is important.
If a sulfide solution is reacted with silver nitrate, it forms a black precipitate of Ag2S.
When H2S is bubbled through a solution of Sodium sulphite or Sodium bisulphite, a white turbidity of sulfur is seen. What happens is, the S atom in sulphite/bisulphite (Oxidation state +4) and in H2S (Oxidation state -2) have coproportionated to give molecular sulfur in zero oxidation state. The reaction can be viewed as the reverse of a disproportionation reaction.
When H2S is bubbled through acidified KMnO4 solution, it decolorises and a white turbidity is observed. This is because, the powerful oxidizing agent permanganate ion has oxidized the sulfide ion (-2) to zero oxidation state. In doing so, the permanganate ions themselves reduce to Mn2+ ions, thus the purple/violet/pink color of the solution is diluted and eventually fades away as the manganous ions do not impart any color to the solution.
The nitrite ion gives several reactions based on its redox properties.
When it reacts with the I3- anion, the nitrite ion reduces itself to nitric oxide. The student should check the oxidation states of nitrogen in both the cases.
The yellow color of the I3- ions changes to a greenish tinge which later turns violet. This observation is made in the presence of an oxidizing agent which

########
Rank: 22
Score: 32.538834
Retrieved Text: This page describes the reactions of the Period 3 elements from sodium to argon with water, oxygen and chlorine.
This reaction is very exothermic.
Magnesium: Magnesium has a very mild reaction with cold water. A very clean coil of magnesium dropped into cold water develops a layer of small bubbles of hydrogen, which floats it to the surface. A very thin layer of magnesium hydroxide is forms on the metal and stops the reaction (this process is called passivation).
Magnesium also burns in water vapor with its characteristic white flame to produce white magnesium oxide and hydrogen.
Note: When heating the magnesium in a glass tube, the magnesium also reacts with the glass, leaving dark grey products (including silicon and perhaps boron from the glass) as well as the white magnesium oxide.
Aluminum: Aluminum powder heated in water vapor produces hydrogen and aluminum oxide. The reaction is relatively slow because of the existing strong aluminum oxide layer on the metal, and the build-up of more oxide during the reaction.
Silicon: Sources disagree about what silicon does with water or steam. The reaction seems to depend on the form of silicon. Monocrystalline silicon is fairly unreactive. Most sources suggest that this form of silicon will react with steam at red heat to produce silicon dioxide and hydrogen.
It is possible to make more reactive forms of silicon which will react with cold water to give the same products.
Phosphorus and sulfur: These have no reaction with water.
Chlorine: Chlorine dissolves in water to give a green solution. A reversible reaction produces a mixture of hydrochloric acid

########
Rank: 23
Score: 32.425568
Retrieved Text: Concrete corrosion due to sulphuric acid attack is known to be one of the main contributory factors for degradation of concrete sewer pipes. This paper proposes to use a novel data mining technique, namely, evolutionary polynomial regression (EPR), to predict degradation of concrete subject to sulphuric acid attack. A comprehensive dataset from literature is collected to train and develop an EPR model for this purpose. The results show that the EPR model can successfully predict mass loss of concrete specimens exposed to sulphuric acid. Parametric studies show that the proposed model is capable of representing the degree to which individual contributing parameters can affect the degradation of concrete. The developed EPR model is compared with a model based on artificial neural network (ANN) and the advantageous of the EPR approach over ANN is highlighted. In addition, based on the developed EPR model and using an optimisation technique, the optimum concrete mixture to provide maximum resistance against sulphuric acid attack has been identified.
 The Author's Accepted Manuscript version is attached to this record. Please cite this article as: A.M. Alani, An evolutionary approach to modelling concrete degradation due to sulphuric acid attack, Applied Soft Computing Journal (2014), http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.asoc.2014.08.044.  Note from Publisher (Elsevier): This is a PDF file of an unedited manuscript that has been accepted for publication. The manuscript will undergo copyediting, typesetting, and review of the resulting proof before it is published in its final form. Please note that during the production process errors may be discovered which could affect the content, and all legal

########
Rank: 24
Score: 32.149746
Retrieved Text: Isopropyl alcohol is an alcohol compound with a chemical formula of C3H8O and structural formula of CH3CHOCH3. Commonly referred to as rubbing alcohol, it has a variety of uses both in industry and the home, with a density of 0.786 20kg/m3 and a molecular weight of 60.1.
Indirect hydration: This process involves a hydration reaction between sulphuric acid and propene to produce a mixture of sulphate esters. These are then hydrolysed by steam to generate isopropyl alcohol, which can then be distilled to increase concentration.
A common by-product in this reaction – diisopropyl ether – can be recycled back into the reaction and eventually converted to isopropyl alcohol. This process can use low-quality propene and predominates in America.
Direct hydration: This method involves a hydration reaction directly between water and propene, without the intervention of sulphuric acid. This reaction is typically conducted at high pressure in the presence of acidic catalysts.
Similarly, the solution can then be distilled to increase concentration. A simple distillation yields a solution with around 87% isopropyl alcohol. Azeotropic distillation with cyclohexane needed to obtain higher concentrations. In contrast to the previous method, this process requires the use of higher-purity propene and is more common in Europe.
Hydrogenation of acetone: Acetone can be hydrogenated using a mixture of chromium and copper oxide to produce isopropyl alcohol. This process is particularly useful when coupled with the cumene process and excess acetone.
What is Isopropyl alcohol used for?
As a reactive element with other substances, in order to form various chemical products.
Isopropyl alcohol has a high toxicity level and as such

########
Rank: 25
Score: 32.054066
Retrieved Text: Finally, ADERCO reduces the harmful pollutants from your engine. Smoke and particulate matter is significantly reduced, particularly in diesel engines. This is because ADERCO improves combustion, meaning less soot and carbon deposits. An engine treated with ADERCO vibrates less and is quieter too.
Aderco additionally reduces corrosion in your exhaust system. One of the byproducts of combustion is sulphuric acid. Which is created because the carbon particles trap sulphur molecules which mix with water to form sulphuric acid.
Because ADERCO reduces the amount of carbon (soot) in the exhaust, less sulphuric acid is produced = less corosion.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 31.891476
Retrieved Text: Sulfuric acid pressure leaching of zinc silicate ore was carried out to assess the effect of particle size, sulfuric acid concentration, pressure, reaction time and temperature on the extraction of zinc and the dissolution of silica.
silica sand leaching sulphuric - Gold Ore Crusher. By purifying sand – PatentStorm. 5853685 Process for the production of high purity silica from waste by-product silica and hydrogen fluoride High purity silica is ... Chat With Sales.
A major obstacle to the hydrometallurgical treatment of ferromanganese slags is the way in which silica polymerisation is controlled during sulphuric acid digestion and water leaching.
It is well known that sulfuric acid is the most common acid used for leaching and decompositionYttrium,calcium,zirconium,iron and silica are considerably present.1 In Shimidt,Amine Extraction,Translatedfrom Russian by J.Schmorak.
silica sand leaching sulphuric - Gold Ore Crusher... sulfur oxide complexes that do not leach from ... sand with acid leaching process flow diagram … Silica sand is one ... Hot sulphuric acid leaching is used ... Read more. Removal of Iron in Hot Acid Leach Liquor by Hematite Process.
This process involves pre-heating the sand to 140 °C before it is mixed with sulphuric acid, contacted for an hour, then washed (Figure 2). Fig. 2 – Silica sand entering the hot acid leaching process.
silica sand leaching sulphuric - Gold Ore Crusher. By purifying sand – PatentStorm. 5853685 Process for the production of high purity silica from waste by-product silica and hydrogen fluoride High purity silica is . Chat With Sales. Preparation Of Nanoparticle Silica From Silica Sand .
leaching with sulfuric acid of the

########
Rank: 27
Score: 31.843077
Retrieved Text: If you are looking for the most corrosive acid then you are looking for Florosulfuric acid. You'll remember the symbols for the first few element … s and their atomic masses and certain constants just from using them. These K a values can be used to describe the relative strength of the acids. Upon exposure to chloroacetic acid, immediate decontamination should be commenced by rinsing the affected area with water or bicarbonate solution in order to neutralize the acid and prevent further skin absorption. Hope I helped -M yes, All ionic compounds are strong electrolytes, because they mostly break up into ions as they dissolve in water. You may learn how to deal with weak acid solutions for which this approximation is not appropriate in other chemistry courses.
If you take other chemistry courses, you will find that there are variations on this procedure for some weak acid solutions. The emphasis isn't on memorization. So basically strong electrolytes conduct electricity well and weak electrolytes cond … uct electricity poorly. It is classified as an in the United States as defined in Section 302 of the U. On the other hand, it's harder to remember the names and structures of the amino acids and the strong acids. Water is polar so any compound that is polar is soluble in water.
Strong Is Different from Corrosive The carborane acids are incredible proton donors, yet they are not highly corrosive. Chloroacetic acid is converted to , a precursor to epinephrine. Computing molecular weight molecular mass To calculate molecular weight of a

########
Rank: 28
Score: 31.746204
Retrieved Text: Anodizing is an electrolytic process for producing thick oxide coatings on aluminium alloys. It improves surface resistance to wear and corrosion. Anodizing is also used as primary coat for powder coating and as a decorative layer.
Machining, drilling or welding of a component shall be done before anodizing process.
Non-metallic materials such as Magnesium and Titanium materials can also be anodized.
Anodizing color varies from a very light gray to a dark olive color depending on aluminum alloy. Type-I anodizing is used in aerospace industry to achieve higher corrosion resistance and as a primary coat for powder coating. Salt spray testing can be done upto 336 hours.
Sulphuric acidic anodizing process involves, immersing the aluminium into sulphuric acid solution and passing current through the aluminium.
Type-II anodizing can further classified in two classes.
Hard anodizing process involves immersing the aluminum into sulphuric acid solution at low temperature and high voltages. As a result hard wear and abrasion resistant layer of aluminum oxides produced.
Hard anodizing can further classified in two classes.
Class-1 : It produces hard clear anodizing layer.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 31.7069
Retrieved Text: Definition - What does Sulphuric Acid (H2SO4) mean?
Sulphuric Acid is a highly corrosive acid available in the market with a molecular weight of 98.079 gram per mole and the molecular formula H2SO4. It is slightly yellowish in color or colorless at times. It is a viscous fluid which easily gets soluble in water at all concentrations. Its historical name is Oil of Vitriol.
Sulphuric acid acts as an oxidizing agent in the crude refining process. Since it also acts as an oxidizing agent in the chemical processes in a refinery, it is also known as an oxidizer. An oxidizer is a chemical compound that helps in transferring oxygen atoms.
Hydrofluoric Acid Alkylation Unit (HFAU) that makes use of hydrofluoric acid as a catalyst.
Isooctane which is produced in the alkylation unit with the help of sulphuric acid catalyst serves as a compound that is mixed with gasoline (Motor Spirit or Petrol) to improve its octane number.
The purpose of FCCU in the refineries is to break down higher molecular weight compounds of the crude oil into lower molecular weight alkenes which can be further processed in the alkylation units.

================



======= Instance Index 541 =========
Input Text: The word "reality" has multiple meanings. Does it have the same meaning in sentences 1 and 2? Yes or no?

Sentence 1: The reality of his situation slowly dawned on him.
Sentence 2: The reality of the crash scene on TV dawned upon him only when he saw the victim was no actor but his friend.

Target Text: Yes

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 41.848495
Retrieved Text: Sheriff Dana Lawhorne (l) and John Blair of the Sons of the American Revolution (r) congratulate Deputy Myrna Juarez (c).
ALEXANDRIA, VA – The Sons of the American Revolution recently recognized Deputy Myrna Juarez for her actions to aid a critically injured motorist. On March 5, John Blair of the George Washington Chapter of the Sons of the American Revolution presented Deputy Juarez with an award from the Virginia State Society of the Sons of the American Revolution for her efforts and response, while off duty, to a crash on I-95.
Sheriff Dana Lawhorne joined Mr. Blair, who serves as the Public Safety Awards Chair for the local chapter, as he presented Deputy Juarez with the award at a Sheriff’s Office staff meeting. Several of Deputy Juarez’s colleagues and commanders were also present and congratulated her on her recognition.
Deputy Juarez was driving to work in 2017 when she witnessed a motor vehicle crash along I-95 near Woodbridge. She saw a car overturn and then saw a person on the road. She immediately pulled into the emergency lane and ran to the crash scene.
No other first responders were present and she could see that the victim, a man who had been ejected from the car, had a bad head injury and another passenger from the same vehicle was trying to help him. Deputy Juarez called 911 and then directed the passenger to keep pressure on the victim’s head wound until medics arrived. She instructed two other passengers to try to keep traffic moving so that police and medics would

########
Rank: 1
Score: 40.301014
Retrieved Text: Recently, Saturday Night Live viewers were treated to actor and comedian Tracy Morgan’s first extensive televised appearance since a terrible auto accident caused him serious injuries in 2014. Morgan’s performance is a testament to two things: one, that it is possible to recover from brain trauma and other common car accident injuries. And two, it is often a long, hard road to recovery.
As readers may recall, Morgan was riding in a limousine with three other people when they were hit by a Walmart tractor-trailer. The crash killed one man, a close friend of Morgan’s, and gave Morgan a serious brain injury, along with numerous broken bones.
Morgan was in a coma for several days and did not make any public appearances until about a year later when he went on NBC’s “Today” show to discuss the accident. At that time, he said he was still experiencing the effects of the crash, including memory problems, headaches, and nosebleeds.
Still, Morgan appears to be returning to work, beginning with hosting the Oct. 17 episode of SNL. As WPIX-TV reports, he came out on stage to a standing ovation, and joked about his injuries, easing concerns that he was not yet ready to go back to entertaining. Later, Morgan announced an extensive stand-up comedy tour on social media.
No doubt, Morgan’s recovery is due in large part to a great deal of hard work on his part rehabilitating himself. Physical and occupational therapy can be grueling, tiring and frustrating, and recovery does not happen overnight. Many times, the victim of a car

########
Rank: 2
Score: 39.26069
Retrieved Text: Over the weekend, I was quoted in a Miami Herald article about the reality TV show “First 48.” The article highlights some of the ways this “reality show”—which is supposed to document homicide investigations—has actually ended up hurting them.
The problem with programs like “First 48” is that they compromise the integrity of police investigations on many levels. Homicide investigations, for example, have—or at least should have—very stringent protocols when it comes to maintaining the integrity of a crime scene. We’ve all seen the police yellow tape, and we all know what it’s for: to keep unauthorized people from contaminating the crime scene and potentially fouling up an investigation. In the case I am quoted about, the prosecutor actually stipulated to a motion to suppress crime scene evidence. We had still-shots from the show which differed from the official crime scene photographs provided by the prosecutor in discovery. In one picture, an item would be in a certain position, and in another picture, the item would be in another place or not even in the picture. How are you going to explain that to a jury?
There’s also some irony here regarding the recent incident involving Det. Bosch punching the brother of a homicide victim after he crossed the yellow tape trying to get to the body of his brother. You remember the story: the helicopter caught it on video and it was all over the news.. Question: If it’s so important to preserve the integrity of a crime scene that it justifies physical violence, how can you

########
Rank: 3
Score: 38.568237
Retrieved Text: Drunk drivers are a menace on the streets of Billings, Montana, as well as the rest of the country. It is their negligence that leads to a number of automobile accidents, many of which result in injuries or fatalities. Sadly, despite stringent laws related to driving under the influence of alcohol, drunk driving accidents are a reality and one such incident recently played out in Billings, Montana.
According to the news report, a woman sustained injuries to her leg when the vehicle she was in was struck by another vehicle that was driven by a drunk driver. When police officers reached the scene of the accident, they saw two damaged cars, one of which was pushed into the yard of a residence as a result of the collision.
Witnesses told the police that the driver of the car that caused the crash was trying to leave the scene. When officers approached that car, they found that the airbags had deployed, but the driver was trying to start the engine. When the driver finally opened the door, the officer noticed a strong smell of alcohol on the driver's breath. Breath tests showed that the driver had a blood alcohol content of 0.321 percent, which is over four times higher than the legal limit of 0.08 percent. The drunk driver was arrested and booked into the Yellowstone County jail.
Upon checking the records of the driver, it was found that this incident was the 52-year-old man's tenth DUI offense, with his first offense having occurred in 1985, as well as two

########
Rank: 4
Score: 38.165405
Retrieved Text: In the Fugitive TV series and movie, nobody saw the "one-armed man" commit murder. That wasn't the case on Sunday in a Mesa parking garage, where a witness told police he saw the one-armed Roderick Deshan Wagoner repeatedly stab a man who then fell three stories.
The witness, unidentified in court records, was leaving church service near 30 West Pepper at about 8:45 p.m. on Sunday when he heard a man scream for help. The booking sheet doesn't say exactly where the witness was standing, but apparently the person got a clear view of the desperate, "bloodied" victim, later ID'd as Dustin Burton, 30, climb over a wall on the garage's third floor.
"The victim was observed clinging to the edge by his hands," records state. Wagoner, who is missing his right hand and part of his forearm, was then seen striking the victim "with a stabbing motion" -- with his left hand, presumably.
Burton fell the three stories to the concrete below.
Moments later, police arrived at the scene and asked the victim who had stabbed him. "Deshan," the victim gurgled. He died a few hours later at the hospital.
With the suspect's unique description and the fact that witnesses saw him leave the garage on a BMX bike, Mesa cops quickly figured out he was the same Deshan they'd contacted earlier in the day for unrelated reasons, and they knew where to find him. Wagoner was arrested the next day at a Mesa homeless shelter.
Covered in scrapes, Wagoner denied stabbing anyone, but admitted he'd talked to the victim --

########
Rank: 5
Score: 37.97369
Retrieved Text: Once again, another innocent person has been murdered by a heartless hit-and-run driver, once again on Manchester Blvd in South Los Angeles.
And once again, don’t count on our elected leaders actually doing anything about it.
According to KTLA-5, the victim, identified only as a man in his late 20s, was riding eastbound on Manchester Blvd at South Gramercy Place when he was run down from by an unknown driver around 9 pm last night.
The victim, who appeared to be on a knobby-tired bicycle, died at the scene. The impact was hard enough that a witness described finding his shoes on opposite sides of the wide, four lane street.
Unfortunately, there is no description of the suspect or his or her vehicle.
An infuriating report by KCAL-9 says the victim was riding in the street despite the presence of a wide sidewalk, implying that’s where he should have been.
This is the second fatal hit-and-run involving a bicycle rider on Manchester Blvd in less than a year, following the death of Frederick “Woon” Frazer at less that a mile away at Manchester and Normandie last April.
That driver still hasn’t been charged, despite admitting to being behind the wheel, and allegedly repainting and hiding her SUV in an attempt to cover up the crime.
Which makes you wonder just what it takes to get the DA to file charges.
In addition, no action has been taken to improve the deadly street that has now taken the lives of two bike riders in recent months, despite the presence of both Manchester and Normandie on the

########
Rank: 6
Score: 37.707268
Retrieved Text: According to WSMV-TV, a Nashville man suffered a head injury in a bicycle accident on June 30.
The news station reported that the man was riding a refurbished bicycle around the block of Preston Drive in East Nashville when a vehicle struck him. Friends and family members did not know the man was injured until they looked for him, as the driver of the vehicle that struck him fled the scene of the accident.
The 24-year-old victim was found on the ground, next to a light pole, with his bike mangled by the impact of the crash. One neighbor said that he heard tires screeching and possibly an older minivan leaving the neighborhood around the time the accident occurred.
The victim was taken to Skyline Medical Center where he was treated for a fractured skull and other injuries. Neighbors said that there are warning signs in the area and bicycle lanes, but people often speed down the roads.
“I’ve seen three or four accidents, which worries me because I have kids,” one man told WSMV.
If you are ever involved in a bicycle accident, you should contact our Nashville injury attorney about conducting an examination into the crash, in addition to any police investigation. You should do this as quickly as possible, as evidence is easier to preserve in the immediate aftermath of an accident.
Although the driver in the accident above fled the scene, if he or she is apprehended, in addition to criminal charges, he or she could be held liable in a civil suit.
Visit our verdicts and settlements page

########
Rank: 7
Score: 37.58275
Retrieved Text: Unit block Knoll Rd. – Police dispatched for burglary discovered. Upon arrival this officer made contact with the victim. The victim stated that he and his daughter were on vacation. They left on 8/20/13 at approximately 0700 hours. The pair returned home to find the lights in the house on, but the doors were locked. The property appeared to have been gone through. There were many things opened around the rooms, but everything appeared to have been gone through diligently, nothing was thrown around. Point of entry seems to be the rear porch. Items missing include a Ithaca pump shotgun.
300 block Barker Ave. – Police received a report of a home invasion that occurred 20-30 minutes ago. Upon our arrival the victim stated he was in an upstairs bedroom playing video games, two black males wearing bandanas over their faces suddenly appeared in front of him. The one male held a gun to his head and told him not to fight. The two male offenders took items from each room then ran out of the house utilizing the unlocked rear back door. The family members are not sure what items were taken at this time and will be providing a list of stolen items when possible.
Unit block E. Baltimore Ave. -The victim parked her vehicle in front of the Dunkin Donuts. The victim went inside to make a purchase after locking her vehicle doors. A witness was in the parking lot when he observed a black male in his teens smash out the driver’s side window

########
Rank: 8
Score: 37.295795
Retrieved Text: This is the dramatic moment a police drone finds the unconscious victim of a car crash lying in a freezing ditch in the pitch black.
The drone was deployed just after 2am this morning after witnesses saw a man walking away from the scene of the accident on the A16 near Ludborough south of Grimsby where a car had flipped onto its side.
Desperate to find the driver of the car, Lincolnshire Police used their drone, equipped with thermal imagining, to search the scene as officers from Humberside Police searched by foot.
The remarkable footage shows the drone finding the man due to his body heat as he lies several feet off the main road where he had lost conciousness.
One police officer is then seen walking towards the man being directed by the drone pilot. When he finds him he calls another officer who is seen running to the scene as an ambulance is called.
Police say the quick response may have saved the man’s life as hypothermia was setting in due to the freezing conditions. He was taken to hospital and is thought to be recovering from his ordeal.
Lincolnshire police officer @WoldsSgt, known as &apos;Tempo&apos; who was one of the first on the scene, tweeted pictures and video of the amazing rescue.
Without the drone police were faced with searching the road and fields in the pitch black in freezing temperatures and hours before the sun rose.
Tempo said: “Vehicle found A16 on its side, witnesses saw male walking away.
The Lincolnshire Police drone team praised the quick thinking by Tempo which

########
Rank: 9
Score: 37.19267
Retrieved Text: On behalf of The Leigh Law Firm posted in Drunk Driving Accidents on Thursday, December 18, 2014.
A man was killed in a recent accident that occurred in the Houston area. He was a victim in an apparent drunk driving accident, and, according to Texas police, the other driver left the scene. A woman, who saw the crash, comforted the victim as he was dying.
On an early December evening, a woman observed a vehicle speed past her, and, a short time later, she noticed that there had been a horrific crash. She immediately went to the scene of the accident, and informed the driver, who was trapped in his overturned SUV, that he was just struck by a speeding truck. The woman remained at the scene until medical crews arrived to rescue him. Tragically, the man died as a result of the crash.
Police say that the other party was drinking and driving and fled the scene. Reports indicate that the drunk driver had crashed into another vehicle and sped off before crashing into the SUV. The man currently faces two charges, including leaving the scene and DUI. He is being held on a $10,000 bond and other charges could be pending in the death of the SUV driver.
Unfortunately, the death of the man was allegedly caused by the negligence of another in a drunk driving accident. The family members of the deceased man are undoubtedly mourning the loss of their loved one. In cases such as this one, families have the option to file wrongful death claims

########
Rank: 10
Score: 37.074802
Retrieved Text: A driver in connection to a fatal hit and run crash in Dallas on Sunday night has been apprehended as he was trying to flee the scene of the crash.
According to Dallas Police, Juan Carlos Velasquez, 47, was standing outside of his 2010 GMC SYV that was parked at the 3200 block of Dawes Drive at approximately 8:00 pm. when witnesses say Velasquez began acting suspiciously.
Witnesses say that Velasquez got into the SUV, put it in reverse and began driving it at a high rate of speed. Velasquez’ vehicle spun out of control and struck a pedestrian who was walking on the opposite side of Dawes Drive. Authorities have identified the victim as Maricruze Gonzales-Cortez, 24.
Eyewitnesses to the incident said that Velasquez got out of his vehicle and saw Gonzalez-Cortez beneath it and then attempted to flee the scene.
A witness to the incident took off after Velasquez, caught him and held him until police arrived on the scene.
Gonzalez-Cortes was pronounced deceased at the scene.
Police arrested Velasquez was and was charged in the crash. Charges include failure to stop and render aid causing death.
No matter why someone leaves the scene of an accident, a charge of hit and run can also lead to criminal charges against the person, especially if there are fatalities involved. There is no doubt that this person acted callously, and whether it was simply a matter of the flight or fight response that anyone can have in a crisis, it is illegal to leave the scene of an accident. The law also requires

########
Rank: 11
Score: 37.02028
Retrieved Text: An Oakland Park, Florida bicyclist was killed Wednesday when he was hit by an unidentified vehicle, news sources indicate. The Florida Highway Patrol has not released the identity of the man killed in the accident. Authorities are still searching for the hit-and-run driver who fled the scene. No one else was injured in the crash and police believe more witnesses may come forward, providing additional details.
Reports say the accident occurred around 3:45 Wednesday evening as the victim was traveling west along the 1500 block of West Oakland Park Boulevard on his bicycle. As he neared the intersecting CSX railroad tracks, the driver of an unidentified vehicle collided with him. The collision threw the victim from the bike, which came to a rest along the side of the road. Reports say the driver did not stop and left the scene. It is not clear whether the driver is suspected to have been under the influence of drugs or alcohol at the time of the crash, nor is it known whether the driver realized he or she had hit a person.
A number of bystander stopped to help the man, including a nurse, reports say. However, the victim’s injuries were fatal and paramedics pronounced dead at the scene of the accident. Reports did not specify whether he died on impact or shortly after the crash. Police are withholding his identity until after they have informed the victim’s next of kin of the demise.
Detectives shut down portions of the road as they carried out their investigation. Reports indicate that the

########
Rank: 12
Score: 36.9405
Retrieved Text: It started that evening after she agreed to attend a live performance at the theatre located in the centre of the city where she lived. She has always admired him. He was a prolific actor and strikingly dead gorgeous. He had the kind of looks that made heads turn as they encounter him. He made people stop in their tracks. He was a head stunner and the women loved him. Everyone was drawn to his cuteness and to cap it all, he had a beautiful soul.
So, seeing him perform live was the turning point for her. She knew she had fallen head over heels for him. Peter was her kind of man. His face shown on the screen and she never failed to watch any movies he acted in. But this evening, shortly after the end of the show at the theatre, she went outside to inhale some fresh air. And she met him. Her heart skipped. There he was at a corner in the company of a lady. She recognised the lady.
He was wearing a white T-shirt atop a light blue jean. She gaped openly at them as she observed his sharp jaw, his chin, and cheekbones. His dark brows were graceful. She longed for him. A part of her wished she could reach out and kiss him. But the other part told her to get hold of herself. Mary let out a shaky sigh. His hair was trimmed and his face revealed a cuteness that mesmerized her. He was absolutely handsome.
Mary recognised the lady

########
Rank: 13
Score: 36.351685
Retrieved Text: Jake was born on September 28, 1989 and was killed August 26, 2009 – just a month before his 20th birthday.
I miss Jake a lot. There isn’t a day that goes by that I don’t think about him and the things he would be doing if he were still here. Jake’s mom passed away when he was 9 years old and it seems the void left by her and Jake have been hard to fill in terms of those of us left behind to cope.
The crash happened on US 89/91 and Hyde Park Lane in Cache County. Jake was killed when he swerved to avoid hitting a car in front of him and rolled his truck. He wasn’t wearing a seat belt and was ejected from the vehicle. He sustained massive head injuries. Jake was flown by helicopter to a trauma center where he passed away early the next morning. He never regained consciousness after the crash.
My brother (Jake’s uncle) is the Police Chief in the town where the crash occurred and was the one who called me to let me know he’d been in an accident. Jake had always been such an active kid and had experienced several “accidents” on skateboards, bicycles, soccer fields and other outdoor-related injuries, but had always been a good driver. When my brother told me that the investigators at the scene had found Jake’s cell phone and concluded that he had been sending and receiving text messages just prior to the crash, I refused to believe that Jake could have

########
Rank: 14
Score: 35.9604
Retrieved Text: When you are injured in a serious crash, it’s important not to negotiate with the at-fault driver’s insurance company until you have spoken with an injury attorney. Victims of major auto accidents may be entitled to a substantial amount of damages, and signing off too early could result in forfeiting money you’re owed.
According to a recent news report from CBS 12, a firefighter from Fort Lauderdale was seriously injured in a car crash in West Palm Beach, Florida. This serious car crash occurred on Northlake Boulevard near Coconut Avenue.
Authorities have said victim was driving his personal vehicle in the Palm Beach Gardens area, and was only a few miles away from his home. He was on his way home from a long shift at his fire station in Fort Lauderdale when he was allegedly rear-ended by another driver. The force of the collision was so significant that it caused his car to hit a tree and roll over.When first responders arrived at the scene of this horrific West Palm Beach car crash, they found victim in critical condition. Rescue workers were able to cut him out of the wreckage and free him from the crushed vehicle. At this point, they called in a Medevac helicopter and airlifted him to St. Mary’s Medical Center, which is a level-one trauma center in West Palm Beach capable of treating even the most severe trauma cases.
At the hospital, he was evaluated and determined to have several broken bones, a broken sternum (breast bone), broken facial bones, and various other injuries.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 35.776096
Retrieved Text: Pedestrian accident victim Kelly Burke has retained Davis Law Group, an award-winning, Seattle-based civil litigation firm, to represent him in possible legal action related to a collision with a logging truck that took place on July 25, 2016 at approximately 11:15am near Port Angeles, WA.
Fifty-nine year old Burke was walking his dog on West Marine Drive in Port Angeles near the Platypus Marine Shipyard. Burke was crossing an intersection when he was struck by a Kenworth logging truck driven by William Bliss Jr.
According to law enforcement officials at the Port Angeles Police Department, Bliss was cited for failure to yield to a pedestrian.
Apparently the truck driver merely slowed down rather than stopping at a stop sign—making a rolling stop. He then attempted to make a left-hand turn. Bliss’ failure to come to a complete stop to check for traffic and/or pedestrians before making a turn resulted in the collision with Burke.
Burke was knocked unconscious before hitting the ground. He was transported via ambulance to the emergency room at Olympic Medical Center.
Emergency medical personnel determined that Burke suffered a skull fracture and broken bones in his leg. Burke was immediately airlifted to Harborview Medical Center in Seattle where he underwent immediate surgery. Burke then spent several days in the trauma center’s ICU and more than a week receiving care. He will now require months of additional treatment and physical therapy before the long-term impact of the accident is fully known.
Kelly Burke was the victim of this horrible accident. The actions and conduct of William Bliss Jr. and

########
Rank: 16
Score: 35.749336
Retrieved Text: DETROIT - A Detroit police officer was charged Wednesday with carrying a weapon while intoxicated and obstruction after a crash on the city’s west side on the same day he was placed on restricted duty while under investigation for a fatal police shooting.
Jerold Blanding was charged with three counts of possession of a firearm while under the influence, eight counts of resisting and obstructing police and felony firearms violations.
The charges stem from a crash on Jan. 14 at about 2:30 p.m. in the 12900 block of Puritan Avenue.
Blanding knew the victim involved in the crash, but was not involved in the accident. Authorities said his speech was slurred and he smelled of intoxicants when officers spoke with him at the scene.
He was off-duty at the time.
Blanding was in possession of three handguns and obstructing officers as they were attempting to render aid to the victim, authorities said.
The incident happened the same day Blanding was placed on restricted duty, or “no gun status,” while he was under investigation for a fatal police shooting.
The shooting happened Feb. 13, 2017, at the corner of Otsego and Webb streets.
According to police, police were in pursuit of a green Pontiac Bonneville when the vehicle lost control and crashed.
Blanding was in the process of handcuffing 19-year-old Raynard Burton when the suspect tried to grab the officer’s gun. Police said a scuffle ensued and Blanding fatally shot Burton.
Burton was pronounced dead at the scene.
Detroit police Chief James Craig said Blanding’s partner was not present at the time of the shooting and that Blanding

########
Rank: 17
Score: 35.58104
Retrieved Text: He's the God of Mischief and adopted brother to Thor (Chris Hemsworth), who met a sudden and unfortunate end at the hands of Thanos in Avengers: Infinity War.
And Disney revealed on Friday that Tom Hiddleston, 37, will reprise his role as Loki, in a TV series made by Marvel Studios which will air on their new streaming service Disney+.
According to the company's chairman and CEO Bob Iger, the series will centre around the fan-favourite character, though no other details were confirmed.
The actor last played the role in Avengers: Infinity War, which was released in April and saw his character appear in only one scene, albeit an intense one.
Confronting Thanos (Josh Brolin) and his henchmen in the Black Order alongside Thor and the Hulk, Loki attempted to trick the Mad Titan and kill him, rather than hand over the Tesseract.
However Thanos was not one to be overpowered, and he easily stopped Loki's dagger before the trickster could stab him, and then grabbed him by the throat.
Having pretended to pledge his 'undying' loyalty to the villain earlier in the scene, Thanos mocked his wording and then crushed his neck.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 35.565243
Retrieved Text: JANINE: I received a call this afternoon regarding a pit bull that was left behind when the owners were evicted.
When I went inside I cannot express in words what I saw. The house was cold and dark.
The pictures I took cannot capture the reality of the situation. The smell of feces and urine was out of this world. It was a scene you see on tv and in movies, but today I saw it. I experienced it first hand.
On the car ride home he laid in my lap, and I held him so tight. I kept telling him how sorry I am that he was left there...telling him it wasn't his fault and telling him life will be better from here on out.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 35.311306
Retrieved Text: Will Smith, the former Saints defensive end, was killed and his wife was wounded in a late-night shooting in New Orleans on Saturday (April 9), authorities said.
Orleans Parish Coroner Dr. Jeffrey Rouse confirmed Smith was the fatal victim in the incident. Police said Smith's wife was wounded and was taken to a hospital. The shooter is being questioned, police said.
NOPD Chief said investigators at this point have no information to suggest the two men knew each other prior to the shooting, or that it was "anything other than an accident that turned into a dispute which turned violent."
The double shooting took place around 11:29 p.m., near the intersection of Sophie Wright Place and Felicity Street in the Lower Garden District, NOPD said.
Police said Smith, 34, and his wife, Racquel, were traveling eastbound on Sophie Wright Place when their Mercedes Benz SUV was rear-ended by a Hummer H2. The collision caused the Smith's vehicle to hit a Chevrolet Impala traveling along the same street.
Smith and the driver of the Hummer "exchanged words, at which time the driver of the Hummer produced a handgun and shot the male victim (Smith) multiple times and his 34-year-old wife twice in the right leg," said NOPD spokesman Juan Barnes.
Smith was pronounced dead at the scene. Racquel Smith was transported to a hospital, authorities said. Police said the 30-year-old driver of the Hummer is in custody and being interviewed by investigators. The gun used in the shooting has been recovered.
The man accused of killing Will Smith and wounding his wife is a

########
Rank: 20
Score: 35.282093
Retrieved Text: This post is about a former movie Tarzan who's now in the new Coen Brothers comedy, HAIL, CAESAR! This post could also be called "Six Degrees of Diane Lane." Let me take you back to the mid 1980s in New York City. I was the new guy on WPIX TV/Channel 11. The New York City station had discovered me and blessedly invited me to leave the ABC affiliate in Milwaukee to work in Manhattan. I did celebrity interviews on WPIX's weekday half-hour magazine show. One of my favorite guests was actor Christopher Lambert. He's the French gentleman who starred in 1984's Greystoke: The Legend of Tarzan.
He came on to promote a new film, I think it may have been 1986's Highlander, and he totally charmed the entire crew on the studio floor. He was so much fun and I had so much fun interviewing him. After the taping, he invited me to be his guest at a party he was attending that night. "You can bring a guest too," he said. One of the women on our staff practically begged me let her tag along. Janice and I met Christopher Lambert at his hotel and then went to a party. He, with a major twinkle in his eye, said to me, "There will be a lot of models this party." We got into his limo and off we went to the Manhattan party.
And there were lots of models. It was like a deluxe magazine fashion shoot. Lambert was talking to me at the party when he

########
Rank: 21
Score: 35.207478
Retrieved Text: On Tuesday, August 15, 2017 at 4:46 pm, police, fire and EMS responded to the scene of a motor vehicle crash at the intersection of Pompton Avenue and Myrtle Avenue. Upon arrival, police found one of the vehicles off the roadway. The operator was being pulled from his car by a local business man. He was not breathing and in cardiac arrest. Officers immediately initiated CPR, and AED protocols. Shocks were provided. Cedar Grove Ambulance and Rescue Squad along with Fire Department personnel arrived. The patient care was transferred to EMS, and he was subsequently transported to Mountainside Hospital. The ambulance personal regained the patients pulse and breathing in route. It was last reported that he was lucid and alert, and today we were told, expected to recover. The cause of the crash is under investigation however it’s suspected that the victim experienced a medical episode prior to the crash. No other injuries were reported. Cedar Grove Police Lt. John Kennedy, Officer John Smigelsky, and Officer Joseph Ligas were first on scene.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 35.198036
Retrieved Text: Police have announced the arrest of Janice Vargas-Cruz, a 40-year-old woman who is suspected of being the driver of the sedan that ran over and ultimately killed 93-year-old Milwood Hughes yesterday.
Mr. Hughes was struck by a tractor trailer as he was exiting his double parked vehicle on Albany Avenue in Crown Heights Tuesday morning. A second car, believed to have been driven by Ms. Vargas-Cruz, ran over the victim a second time and after getting out of her car and checking the victim she fled the scene.
Police have charged her with leaving the scene of an accident that resulted in death.
The crash was captured on surveillance video.
Police are still searching for the driver of the tractor trailer, who may have not even noticed that he struck the victim.
Man Run Over By Tractor-Trailer on Utica Ave.
She could be forgiven for accidentally hitting him, but how does she explain then backing over him as well?
How did they catch the woman? The video does not show the license plate number.
It’s possible that the driver in the vehicle behind hers provided her plate info to the cops.
I’m his grand son and I was with him a few minutes after he was hit. He died about 4 hours later, he was talking to me when I arrived. I’m the last family member to speak to him. The Jewish community really helped and they where the ones to make sure that the police got these videos. In addition, a Jewish man had came to him first to give assistance, he didn’t want

########
Rank: 23
Score: 35.152737
Retrieved Text: A Wisconsin man may not have a place to currently call home, but he is definitely lucky to be alive.
The man, whose identity has not been released, was recently enjoying a nap inside his house when he was awakened by a loud noise. According to fire officials on scene, a semi crashed into the man’s bedroom, knocking the house off of its foundation. Fortunately, the homeowner was not injured.
According to WXOX-TV, the semi was headed east on I-94 when it crossed through a ditch and smashed into the home, spilling about 60-65 gallons of diesel fuel into the soil.
Authorities say the driver of the semi was able to get out of the cab following the crash and was transported to a nearby hospital for minor injuries.
Because the crash caused extensive structural damage to the house, officials say it can no longer be occupied. The Red Cross has been kind enough to provide the homeowner with shelter and financial assistance.
Currently, The Jackson County Sheriff’s Department and Wisconsin State Patrol are investigating the crash. The big question that remains is: What caused the semi to crash into the house to begin with? We can only speculate at this point.
Driving too fast for conditions, not fully paying attention to the roadways, a mechanical malfunction, etc.—these are all possibilities.
No matter what the actual cause may be, the incident has without a doubt impacted one man’s way of life at no fault of his own.
Similar cases have, in fact, ended up in civil court. In 2007, Frank Gasca, a retired Vietnam

########
Rank: 24
Score: 35.130207
Retrieved Text: WGN TV reported this evening on some good news following a damaging car accident that struck late last night. Around 11p.m. at the intersection of Western and Pershing, a man was involved in a single car accident. The driver of a Ford pickup truck had smashed his vehicle into a support beam for a metal bridge.
Fortunately, a Good Samaritan was nearby when the accident struck. The rescuer, a Chicagoan and 17 year veteran of the city’s Department of Water Management, rushed to the scene after the crash occurred. He knew that time was crucial, because the truck engine was already starting to catch fire and the crash victim was still inside.
The Good Samaritan quickly drove his own SUV to block the intersection and, along with another passerby, rushed to pull the unconscious victim out of the crashed truck. The two forced open the door and eventually carried the man across the street.
Only seconds later the pickup burst into flames.
Our Chicago car accident attorneys at Levin & Perconti applaud the brave efforts of fellow community members, like those in this case, whose quickly thinking saves lives following car accidents. These rescuers are a testament to the community spirit that exists in our city. Our car crash attorneys recognize that most drivers carefully follow road rules with a focus on road safety. However, if you are ever a victim of an accident in which another driver fails to drive carefully, be assured that your legal rights provide support for your losses.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 35.09359
Retrieved Text: 47-year-old TV presenter, Richard Hammond was reportedly badly injured when he came off a motorbike while filming for ‘The Grand Tour’ in Mozambique.
This is the second accident suffered by Hammond who had previously almost died in a 288mph collision at an airfield while filming for ‘Top Gear’ in 2006. The accident saw his jet-powered drag-racing car flip over, causing him serious head injuries. He spent five weeks in hospital after the crash.
Co-stars Clarkson, 57, and James May, 54, were also at the scene in Mozambique when Hammond was attended to by medics.
Asked if Hammond had required medical treatment in hospital, Mr Clarkson responded: "We don't do hospitals". He has made a full recovery since the crash, which happened in the last fortnight.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 35.079556
Retrieved Text: Corpus Christi Police Officers were dispatched to 2400 Nemec in reference to a disturbance with injuries. Upon arrival officers observed the 47 year old male victim lying on the floor in a large amount of blood. There was a female applying pressure to his head. Officers observed a cut to the victims head and a cut to his finger on his left hand. Medics arrived at the scene and treated the victim. The medics also advised that the injuries are consistent with a knife cut.
Officers attempted to get information from the victim but were having a hard time due to the victim being upset and intoxicated. Officers investigated the scene and found blood stains on the door, leading down the porch and down the sidewalk before it disappeared. Offices spoke to a neighbor who advised that he saw a heavy set male leave the apartment.
Officers checked the area and located the suspect sitting on the sidewalk near the Whataburger parking lot. The subject had blood on his hands and as officers approached the subject they observed a large knife with blood on it. Officers questioned the subject who advised that he went to a local bar with the victim and another person. At the bar he drank with the victim and does not recall how he got to the apartment. Officers arrested Daniel Henry Vatow (09-08-1964) for aggravated assault and transported to the city detention center.
Corpus Christi Police Officers were dispatched to 4500 Ayers in reference to a fight with injuries. Officers contacted the 38 year

########
Rank: 27
Score: 35.046562
Retrieved Text: Matthew D. Williams, 29, of the Shinnecock Indian Reservation was driving a 1999 Ford Mustang north on Flanders Road about two miles north of Old Riverhead Road, when icy conditions caused him to crash into a tree, trapping him in his car, Town Police said.
A Hampton Bays Fire Department heavy rescue unit responded and began working to free him, but during the rescue, Mr. Williams, who was critically injured, lost consciousness. He was later pronounced dead at the scene, Det. Sgt. Costa said.
Mr. Williams was the sole occupant of his vehicle, and he was following another vehicle that had three of his friends in it. All were on their way to Riverhead, police said.
The other car, which had nothing to do with the accident, was traveling in front of the Mustang, lost sight of it, turned around, came upon the accident scene and called it in to police, Det. Sgt. Costa said.
The road was closed for several hours as police investigated.
Hampton Bays Volunteer Ambulance crews and the Suffolk County medical examiner’s office also responded.
Mr. Williams was a 2002 graduate of Southampton High School and the son of a school security guard and bus driver, according to Southampton School District Superintendent Dr. J. Richard Boyes. One of the first responders at the scene was Lou Stellato, a teacher in the district who is also with the Hampton Bays Fire Department, Dr. Boyes said.
Many Southampton staff and students were upset by the news, which the district broke in a morning meeting. Counseling is being offered, and the superintendent

########
Rank: 28
Score: 34.956394
Retrieved Text: Beeswax is a document of human behavior. It’s about the communicative habits of people, their body language. It’s about repression and ulterior motives.
Jeannie presses Corinne on the issue, but Corinne is unwavering. Recognizing this, Jeannie finally lets it go. She gives Corinne her blessing. Additionally, she tells Corinne that she trusts her. Grateful, Corinne assures Jeannie that she won’t be arrested or miss her shift at the store. “I think I can be both punctual and righteous,” says Corinne.
It’s not a comedy, but it is, at times, delightfully, wickedly funny.
What would the world have to be like for Beeswax to gross hundreds of millions of dollars?
Perhaps there’s an alternate universe where Jerry Brown won the presidency, where Buddhist economics prevailed, and movies like Beeswax went on to represent the way most people felt, dominating the popular culture.
And maybe it is antithetical for humanist ideals, or movies that represent them, to find mass audiences.
Supposing then Beeswax were a TV series, would people find it as compelling as “Survivor”? Okay, it is a 100 minute feature, not a TV series. It is an art film (gahh!!), but it is about average people.
And it’s as real, if not more real than any reality TV show I’ve ever seen.
I know what “reality tv” is supposed to mean, but when I hear the term, I always think of the documentary form. Is it incorrect to presume that documentary filmmaking paved the way for reality TV? To me, reality programming is Michael Moore, is Michael Apted’s UP series (documentary films that follow

########
Rank: 29
Score: 34.804806
Retrieved Text: Woman arrested in brutal brick beating of 92-year-old man in Willowbrook The felony complaint includes special allegations that Jones personally used a deadly and risky weapon, a brick, during the commission of the crime and that she committed great bodily injury upon the victim, the DA's office said in a statement.
Detectives with the Los Angeles County Sheriff's Department arrested 30-year-old Laquisha Jones in the attack late Tuesday and booked her into jail for investigation of assault with a deadly weapon. Prosecutors are asking that bail be set at $1.125 million.
Jones is suspected in the 7:30 p.m. July 4 attack on Rodolfo Rodriguez that occurred near East 118th and Robin streets. She also shouted "Go back to your country", a resident who witnessed the incident told a local CBS affiliate.
According to CNN, Rodriguez was visiting family in Willowbrook, California, when he went for his daily walk around the neighborhood. She is set to return to court on July 26. Rodriguez said he is thankful that Jones was arrested, but he does not harbor resentment toward her or the other men.
The felony complaint alleges that "the defendant personally used a deadly and unsafe weapon, a brick, during the commission of the crime and that she committed great bodily injury upon the victim", according to the Los Angeles County District Attorney's Office.
Misbel Borjas, who lives near Rodriguez, was passing by in a auto when she saw him walking and trying to pass a woman and a girl. He reportedly suffered broken ribs, a broken cheekbone, and bruises all over

================



