======= Instance Index 5242 =========
Input Text: The referee called a foul when one player punched another.  The player went to the penalty box. What game are they playing?
Choose the most suitable option to answer the above question.
Options:
- sporting event
- time race
- part two boxers
- football
- hockey game

Target Text: hockey game

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 68.40797
Retrieved Text: You may have been watching a soccer game and then heard the referee blow his whistle to call for a foul. The ball will then be placed on the field and a team will be given a free kick from that spot. If you are wondering what is going on, then you have come to the right place.
There are 2 types of free kicks, a direct and an indirect free kick. To keep things simple, a direct free kick is the only one where the kicker can kick the ball directly into the goal. Read on to find out about when each of these free kicks will be awarded!
What Is a Direct Free Kick in Soccer?
A direct free kick will be given when a player is called for a foul. The kick will be taken by the opposite team from the spot where the foul took place and the ball must not be moving when the kick is taken. Also, the kicker is not allowed to touch the ball again until it has touched another player.
Additionally, if a player (other than the goalkeeper) touches the ball with their hands or arms intentionally, a direct free kick will be given.
What Is an Indirect Free Kick in Soccer?
An indirect free kick will be awarded when a player commits a non-penalty foul. The most common foul that results in this type of kick is when a player is called for being offside. It is named an indirect free kick because you must pass the ball to another player before

########
Rank: 1
Score: 60.544888
Retrieved Text: Water polo was the first team sport ever played at the Olympic Games. It is traditionally played in all deep water, however, can be played in any type of pool or open water basin. Field players can only use one hand, while the goaltender can use both. For community water polo, there is no physical contact and the rules of the game are different than adult water polo. Referees walk up and down the side of the pool blowing the whistle and instructing the community water polo children the rules of the game. Each team has a coach that stands on the side of the pool giving instructions and positive feedback to their participants.
How many players are allowed in the water at one time?
There are two (2) teams in the water at a time, with each team playing with six (6) field players and a goalie. One team wears a light coloured bathing cap or protective water polo cap, while the other team wears a dark coloured cap so that both teams can be identified.
A goal (points) is awarded once the entire ball has crossed the goal line between the posts and the crossbar.
How long is each quarter?
An international water polo game lasts 4 quarters of minutes stop time. There is a 2 minute break between the 1st and 2nd quarter, a 5 minute half-time break, and a 2 minute break between the 3rd and 4th period. If at the end of the 4 quarters the score is tied, there will be a 2 minute break

########
Rank: 2
Score: 57.251255
Retrieved Text: In the 12th minute of the match, the referee missed an obvious foul by Germany in the penalty box. Despite the use of the Video Assistant Referee system (VAR), the play was not reviewed, and Sweden was not awarded a penalty kick.
As Berg entered the penalty area, German defender Jerome Boateng clearly grabbed Berg from behind and made clear contact on Berg's left leg without having any ball contact.
Neuer almost killed Higuain in the penalty area with an outrageous knee to head kick.
This is a clear red card and a penalty kick!
But Nicola Rizzoli didn't give a penalty nor a red card.
where Messi made three fouls and got no yellow card and every time something happened with Messi Rizzoli gave him a free-kick.
Germany got into the final by beating Brazil.
Brazilian players were told to stand down.
Also, do one of the MT want to flag this twit?
Edited by astros, 24 June 2018 - 03:10 AM.
You know, refereeing is not always perfect at football, but this doesn't mean there is a great conspiracy behind it. But I admit that this penalty on Boateng should have been reviewed with VAR and awarded to Sweden.
Marcus Berg - always robbed by referees.
Great player, he played for Panathinaikos after all.
And for Groningen, where the current World Champion Stratego comes from .
Edited by Don_Homer, 25 June 2018 - 11:24 AM.
England was awarded a penalty kick for nothing.
And a legitimate goal by Colombia's Carlos Bacca was called back (for no reason, as there was no second ball on the pitch).
Maradona said it was rigged.
Edited

########
Rank: 3
Score: 56.49943
Retrieved Text: Soccer is a global phenomenon, that I don’t understand.
I’ve attempted to watch matches on TV and even seen one or two live matches but if you ask me what’s happening on the field during a match, my answer will be “people are kicking a ball around and then running after it”, that’s the extent of my understanding of the world’s most loved sport.
Advantage: a special rule – unique to soccer – that allows play to continue after a foul if it would be disadvantageous to the team that was fouled.
Centre Mark: The circle at the middle of the field.
Corner Kick: A direct free kick awarded if the defending team was the last to touch the ball before it passed over its own goal line.
Direct Free Kick: A free-kick resulting from a foul that can be shot into the goal without having to be touched by another player.
Dribble: Controlling the ball on the ground with the feet.
Far Post: The goalpost farthest from the ball.
Free-kick: Awarded after a player has fouled an opponent. May be direct or indirect.
Goal Area: A box surrounding the goal that stops and starts yards to each side of the goal (from the inside of the goal post) and extends into the field 5,48 metres.
Hand-ball: When a player other than the goalkeeper touches the ball with his arm or hand.
Injury Time: Additional time added to the end of each half to compensate for the stoppage of play due to injuries, wasted time, or the scoring of a goal.
Near Post: The goalpost nearest to the

########
Rank: 4
Score: 55.16847
Retrieved Text: A petition to demanding a replay of the England Vs Colombia football match has gathered over 280,000 signatures.
A Colombian law student, Juan Diego García, believes his team lost due to major injustices during the last-16 match against England.
One of them was the wrongfully awarded to England penalty based on a “non-existent” foul, according to Garcia. Another one was the referee’s decision not to uphold Carlos Bacca’s “legitimate” goal.
The petition has now gathered over 280,000 signatures, with Garcia demanding FIFA look into the wrongdoing.
Following the game, Colombia captain Radamel Falcao also criticized American referee Mark Geiger for “certain bias” towards England.
Mark Geiger found himself in the middle of a World Cup controversy yet again, when he was accused by a Moroccan player Nordin Amrabat of asking Cristiano Ronaldo for his shirt as a souvenir.
Geiger refereed the Portugal vs Morocco game on June 20. FIFA condemned the allegations and said Geiger “strongly refutes” the claims.
The England vs Colombia match ended in 4:3, following a dramatic penalty shooutout won by the English squad.
Following the defeat, Colombia squad left the World Cup, while the English team moved on to the quarter-finals.
As Colombia is grieving over Tuesday’s World Cup penalty shootout loss to England, Monaco striker Radamel Falcao and Argentina legend Diego Maradona suggested their versions of why the team was knocked out of the World Cup, and are blaming the referee.
Standing in front of the reporters after Tuesday’s defeat by England on penalties in the best of 16 round, Colombia captain Radamel Falcao criticized American referee Mark Geiger for what

########
Rank: 5
Score: 54.856987
Retrieved Text: Field Size All A Division games should be played on a full field.Players Games should be played with the standard 11 players, including the goal keeper. Short-sided games can be played if necessary, the coaches should discuss and agree in advance as to the numbers of players to be on the field. In all cases the number of players should be equal.
Games Each game is to be played within the span of one hour. To maximize your playing time, you should warm-up your team on the side lines prior to the appointed game time. If you begin on time, you can play two 25-minute halves with a 5-minute half time break. To facilitate substitutions, quarters may be played if both coaches agree to this format. The length of the quarters will depend on starting times. Remember, you have to be off the field ON THE HOUR.
Substitutions You may only substitute when your team has possession on a throw-in or goal kick. You may not substitute on a corner kick. You must get the consent of the referee prior to making substitutions.
Throw-in Players are allowed only one attempt to make a legal throw-in. Both hands must leave the ball at the same time, both feet must be on the ground when the ball is released and the ball must pass directly over the head of the throwing player. If the referee deems the throw-in illegal, it is turned over to the opposing team.
Corner Kick One attempt only. If kicked out of bounds, it becomes a goal kick

########
Rank: 6
Score: 54.747257
Retrieved Text: Very basic step to score goal is, athletes must successfully get the ball into the other team’s goal. This means that the ball must go between the posts and under the bar before being stopped by the goalie. The net in the goal will catch the ball if it goes past the goalie, whose job it is to stop the ball from crossing the invisible line between the goalposts.
One of the primary youth soccer rules deals with contact with the ball. Youth soccer players are not allowed to use their hands or arms to touch the ball while it is in play. An exception to this rule would be if a player is throwing the ball back into play after it has gone out of bounds. Players usually use their feet to maneuver the ball, but they are also allowed to use their bodies, chests, and heads to move the ball along.
Goalies, however, are allowed to touch the ball with their hands when they are attempting to stop the ball from scoring a goal while in the penalty area surrounding the goal.
If a player breaks a rule listed in the Laws of the Game while the ball is in play, that player may be called by the referee for a foul. Activities that constitute fouls include touching the ball with the hands or arms or tripping, kicking, or pushing another player. Depending on the severity of the offense, the referee can award the other team with a penalty kick or a lesser indirect free kick.
When a

########
Rank: 7
Score: 53.599167
Retrieved Text: Darren Ferguson felt it was an easy decision for referee Nick Kinseley to send off Sonny Bradley in Argyle’s 3-0 defeat to Doncaster.
The Rovers boss was sure that the former Portsmouth and Crawley Town centre-back made contact with Andy Butler’s face late on.
The Pilgrims were 3-0 down at the time and, in the build-up to a corner, a tussle between Butler and Bradley in the Doncaster penalty box ended in a swing of the arm from the Argyle man.
“He’s elbowed him in the face,” Ferguson said post-match when asked what his view of the incident was.
“He’s elbowed him in the face.
Ferguson admitted that he couldn’t explain why Bradley had shown violent conduct towards Butler.
He then went on to praise his players for keeping their discipline in the game.
Doncaster striker Alfie May could have seen red after a two-footed lunge in the second half but referee Kinseley booked him instead.
And Ferguson felt that the match official just about kept control of the game.
“Listen, (Sonny Bradley) is not my player so I don’t know what’s gone on with it.
“I thought we kept our discipline quite well today because there was one or two things happening in the first half.
“There were one or two things going on off the ball.
Meanwhile, Butler himself had a similar view of Bradley’s foul.
He said: “He swung a punch at me.
“The referee’s deemed it as violent conduct and sent him off.
As for Argyle manager Derek Adams, he felt that Andy Butler had been unfairly holding Bradley back before the alleged punch.
“Sonny was being held

########
Rank: 8
Score: 53.27001
Retrieved Text: Each match will be played over a pre-determined length of time.
Players ‘lag’ to decide who breaks off (winner decides).
A Lag involves both players simultaneously striking a cue ball from the baulk line to hit the top cushion and rebound back down the table. The player whose ball finishes nearest to the baulk cushion (in the opinion of the referee) wins the Lag.
The shot clock will be initiated by the timing official at a juncture dependent on circumstances. It will stop at the exact moment the player strikes the cue ball.
for a stroke commencing in the second half of the game, the cue ball must be struck within a pre-determined number of seconds.
Failure to commence a stroke within the allotted time will result in a time foul being called. A five point penalty will be awarded and the incoming player receives the cue ball from the referee and plays from ‘in hand ’.
Under normal circumstances the shot clock will be started the instant the balls come to rest or, after a potted colour has been re-spotted. If the cue ball is spinning on its axis this will be deemed a moving ball. Deciding when the balls have come to rest is the referee’s call.
Providing the cue-ball has been struck before a timer buzzer is heard, then all points foul or fair shall count.
Following a foul, for the purposes of this event,‘in hand’ shall mean the cue ball can be placed anywhere on the table and the player does not have the option of asking his opponent to

########
Rank: 9
Score: 53.253117
Retrieved Text: Rick Pitino said he was yelling at his own player. The referee didn't disagree, but assessed the Louisville coach with a technical foul anyway. It turned out to be a boon for the fourth-seeded Cardinals.
Louisville went on a 25-10 run after Pitino's tech to storm back from an 11-point deficit to defeat No. 7-seed Florida, 72-68. The comeback began when Pitino went ballistic while yelling at one of his players for getting his fourth foul.
Pitino explained his side of the story after the game.
"I'm yelling to Peyton Siva, why would you foul him, and the referee gives me a technical," Pitino told Reggie Miller. "I'm yelling at my own player!"
Technically, Pitino's excuse was correct. Replays showed that he wasn't yelling at referee Karl Hess, but at Siva for a ticky-tack fourth foul that forced him to the bench and gave Florida two free throws.
But Hess didn't whistle Pitino for the verbal tirade; he T'd him up because he was doing it while on the court, 10 feet past the coaching box. When Siva got the foul, Pitino sprinted down the sideline and came out onto the floor. By the time he stopped, he was almost at half court.
Another ref might have let it slide. Not Hess, a notoriously whistle-happy official who carries the air of someone who believes fans pay to see him. Hess gained national infamy earlier this season when he ejected two NC State legends for heckling him during a game.
And despite the halo Pitino anointed himself in the postgame interview, he had been

########
Rank: 10
Score: 53.0358
Retrieved Text: A spectator entered the field of play when the ball was going into the goal in an unsuccessful attempt to prevent a goal being scored. The spectator failed to interfere with the play or make contact with the ball. What should the Referee do?
What will the Referee do after he realizes that a Goal was scored by a team playing with 12 players on the field and the “extra player” was a substitute? The Referee has not yet restarted the game.
What will the Referee do after he realizes that a Goal was scored by a team playing with 12 players on the field and the “extra person” was a player earlier Sent-Off for Serious Foul Play who did not interfere with play or player(s) in this situation? The Referee has not yet restarted the game.
The Penalty Kick was awarded in the “extended time” of the second half (end of half) of a regular season match. After the whistle for the taking of this Penalty Kick, the kick was taken by a teammate of the announced kick taker and a Goal was scored. What should the Referee do?
A defending player committed a handling offense immediately outside his team’s penalty area. The Referee stopped the play, Cautioned the defending player and then ended the match, because he concluded that the regulation time has expired. While the teams were leaving the field of play, the Assisstant Referee advised the Referee that he ended the match prematurely, with 5 minutes left to play in regulation. The Referee acknowledged his mistake.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 52.77595
Retrieved Text: The following rules have been designed to ensure fair play for all participants. Each player is expected to understand these rules prior to participation in the tournament. Any questions concerning these rules should be directed to the TAMIAMI HOOP CHALLENGE Event Staff.
Each team must have three to five players on its roster who have registered their team by the predetermined entry deadline. Additions and/or changes to any roster must be approved by TAMIAMI HOOP CHALLENGE Event Staff member and completed prior to the start of a team's first game of the event. No substitutions are allowed once a team's roster of five players has been filled without the prior written consent of the TAMIAMI HOOP CHALLENGE Event Staff. A player is allowed to participate for only one team for the duration of the tournament without the prior written consent of the TAMIAMI HOOP CHALLENGE Event Staff.
All players must sign the score sheet before each game and designate the team's captain/spokesperson. THE TEAM CAPTAIN WILL REPRESENT HIS/HER TEAM AS A SPOKESPERSON AT ALL TIMES.
All games must start with three players on each team, unless a team with three players agrees to allow the opposing team to play with only two players.
If a team with a least three players does not allow the opposing team to play with two players, or if the opposing team has zero or one players, that team will be penalized one point per minute after the designated start time up to 10 points. Game is forfeited after 10 minutes.
The ball must be thrown

########
Rank: 12
Score: 51.856304
Retrieved Text: Please review the following document for details on rules and guidelines to be applied for your U10 intramural games. This document contains details on game times, referee fees and additional information related to modified rules that will be applied by referees during 2017 intramural games.
Sports safety glasses is strongly reccomended. This is for both the safety of the individual and others on the field.
Slide tackling – Not allowed –Slide Tackling in any manner shall be strictly prohibited and shall be sanctioned as “Serious Foul Play” and shall be issued a “Red Card” for the foul. If a defender commits a slide tackle foul in their penalty box, award a penalty kick to the opposing team.
Rushing the Goal Keeper - An “Indirect Direct Free Kick” shall be awarded to the opposing team if a player rushes a Goal Keeper.
No such thing as a "Handball" in FIFA Laws of the Game explanation - Here are the rules of soccer related to handling that will result in a direct kick foul. Feel free to search the FIFA Laws of the Game to verify this statement.
Only the opinion of the referee will matter in the above decision of calling a handling foul. Please refrain from yelling "handball" throughout a game or allowing sideline spectators to do the same behavior as that detracts from the sport of the game for all players.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 51.720695
Retrieved Text: OK many thanks about the multiple answers, but i would like to have a follow up question.
Here is an identical situation of my original question that i have 2 things to ask.
a)First, does the exposed and in an offside position player(red shirt), which is in front of the GK and by obstructing his vision, commits a violation of an offside or not? ASSUMING(in case you do not share this opinion) that the (red)player does indeed obstruct GK's vision!
According to your previous arguments it's the exact same situation with my original example, since the exposed player does not prevent the GK to play the ball, since the GK has not even the slightest chance to play the ball.
But do you share this opinion of no offside violation at all or you would call for an offside violation?
b)Secondly do you believe it's a penalty violation?
I personally don't see any purpose on the defender to play the ball(too close/shoot relatively strong/time of reaction minimal) so no direct free kick and so no penalty at all, but what is your opinion about that also?
Many thanks in advance again!
As regards the penalty call it is a difficult one. His arm action looks suspicious to me and the referee is very well positioned to make the call. The defender seems to make a move to the ball with his arm which does make him bigger. If it was not given I believe there would be equal calls for the award of the penalty and therein lies the challenge for the referee. I

########
Rank: 14
Score: 51.698776
Retrieved Text: PLAYOFF TIES DECIDED BY 5 MIN. OVERTIME (GOLDEN GOAL) IF STILL TIED GAME WILL BE DECIDED BY PENALTY KICKS.
The team that wins the coin toss at the start of the game will have first choice of starting with the ball or the choice of side to defend. The referee will choose who calls the toss or Odd/Even selection.
The field will be approximately 150’ long x 100’ wide. Play will start at the center circle. The goal will be 4’ tall x 6’ wide and will have a 10’ wide and 6’ deep goal box marked in the front of the goal.
TEAM UNIFORM: Cities and Sports will supply you with a team colored jersey. Wearing your own jersey is acceptable as long as it matches the color of the rest of your team. As a team you can use your own jerseys as long as the all match. You are encouraged to wear your team supplied jersey or color to ensure there will be no issues with teams wearing matching colors on game day. Please check with Cities and Sports if you would like to wear your own custom jerseys.
BALL: The ball will be a FIFA approved, size 5 ball. The league will supply a ball but if you would like to use your own ball, as long as it is properly inflated and approved by the opposing team it can be used.
CLEATS: Only plastic molded cleats are allowed, no metal baseball cleats are allowed. Turf or athletic shoes are acceptable.
SHIN GUARDS: Shin guards are not required

########
Rank: 15
Score: 51.445606
Retrieved Text: The complaint of inconsistency is frequently levelled at referees and a major topic that was discussed by Europe’s top referees in Turkey this month, was uniformity of decisions. The Laws of football are the same where ever it is played but it is easy to see that with different cultures, variable approaches can occur. For these top referees who officiate across the continent and indeed beyond, they have all got to have a consistent approach. Consistency of course is what everyone wants, what the clubs want, what players, spectators and managers want. Certainly it’s what Tony Pulis, manager of Stoke City wants. He is reported to be producing a DVD of decisions from Stoke’s matches, which, he will claim, show inconsistency in decision making by referees, presumably with his team being the losers. In Turkey, the referees the referees watched videos of various games and then discussed the decisions that were made or should have been made. The aim was not only to improve their own decisions but consistency across the continent. Consistency however, if it can ever be achieved, can be like the poisoned challis. When Philip Don was the premiership referees supremo, he tried to lay down a detailed consistent approach for every eventuality. However, the clubs complained that common sense was taken away from referees and the referees themselves felt they were in a straight jacket. What’s not always recognised by non-referees is that the referee’s action can sometimes be influenced by matters other than the actual incident. I remember running the line

########
Rank: 16
Score: 51.229588
Retrieved Text: As per the Billiard Congress of America, these general rules of pocket billiards apply to all pocket billiard games, unless explicitly noted otherwise in the individual billiard game rules.
If there are any terms throughout the General Rules of Pocket Billiards rules that you do not understand, you can search our billiard terms glossary in the search box near the top left of the page, or search the billiard terms glossary directly. I have also included the Billiard Congress of America's reference numbers, so that readers can reference each rule back to the specific rule text on the Billiard Congress of America website.
This regulation simply indicates that all billiard games described in these general rules of pocket billiards are designed for play on tables that meet the standards prescribed in the BCA Equipment Specifications. This also includes balls and other equipment.
This regulation indicates that a triangle must be used when racking the balls, and that the apex ball is to be spotted on the foot spot. All balls are to be lined up behind the apex ball and be pushed together in such a way that they all have side to side contact with each other.
This is a simple regulation which states that when a player fails to pocket any balls on a legal shot, their inning is over. At this time, the opponent's inning begins.
contacts the foot rail more than once.
If both of the billiard players violate the automatic loss lag rules, or if the referee is unable to determine which player's ball is closer to

########
Rank: 17
Score: 51.223267
Retrieved Text: What is a personal foul in basketball? How many free throws do players get? Get ready to learn about personal fouls in basketball.
We've already learned about fouling out and team fouls. When a player commits a personal foul, the referees count it as a player foul and team foul.
In this tutorial, we will learn what a personal foul is and how to avoid getting called for one in basketball.
A personal foul is called on any player that makes illegal physical contact with another player on the court using any part of his body to impede their movement.
What counts as illegal physical contact in the NBA and college basketball? If you do any of the following you will be called for a personal foul.
If you get called for a personal foul on the court, the other team will either get possession of the ball or free throws depending on the team foul count. If your team is in a penalty situation, you will get one or two free throws depending on the foul count.
You can learn more about the bonus, one and one, and the double bonus with these tutorials.
If you get called for a personal foul on a player that is shooting the ball, they can get up to three free throws. This is called a shooting foul, and it depends on where the shooter is on the court when they take the shot.
You can learn more about shooting fouls in Basketball Shooting Fouls.
Personal fouls count towards both the player's individual foul count as well as

########
Rank: 18
Score: 51.209965
Retrieved Text: The game was a U17G NorCal NPL game between two top nationally ranked teams.
At least a dozen players were in the penalty box near the goal when an attacking player received the ball close to the goal post. She was facing the sideline on the parents’ side (who were sitting in stadium bleachers about 30 yards away from the sideline), her back was facing the goal, which was maybe 5 yards behind her. The goal line was about 2 yards to her right. She had a defender on her back preventing her from turning to face goal. This defender was, naturally and legally, putting some physical pressure on her back. The attacker had no other obvious passing/lay-off options because her teammates were covered by defenders.
The attacker suddenly fell forward (but not in a dramatic fashion like Arjen Robben in the image above…it was much more subtle) and the defender then fell on top of her.
Guess what the attacking team’s coach, players, and parents thought this was from ~75 yards away?
Well, I was around 10 yards away and had the perfect 90 degree angle and it was clear to me that the attacking player was trying to get a cheap penalty decision. She flopped forward, surprising both me and the defender behind her, which made the defender fall forward on top of the attacker – she wasn’t anticipating the sudden loss of resistance from the attacking player’s body.
While the coaches, players, and parents complained about the ‘obvious’ referee mistake (“how can you not call this penalty kick,

########
Rank: 19
Score: 51.109047
Retrieved Text: Racquetball has officially been around since 1950, although at that time it wasn’t called racquetball. The first name of the game was paddle rackets. The name was changed to racquetball in 1969, when the first racquetball association was created. The game now boasts its own rules and regulations, championships, and associations.
The goal of racquetball is to earn more points than the opposing player by serving or playing the ball so that the opponent cannot keep the ball in play. This is called playing a rally. Only the serving side earns points during a rally. Unlike other racket and ball games, there is no out of bounds area in a racquetball game. Once a player serves the ball, every area of the court is a playable area, including the walls and ceiling. A ball is in play as long as it doesn’t touch the floor before it bounces off the front wall. Once the ball bounces off the front wall, the floor is also a playable area in the court. Points are earned when the ball bounces more than once before being hit, the ball hits or touches a player, the ball goes into the spectator area, or a player carries the ball on his racket.
Two player games are played one on one and four player games are played in a doubles match. These are the two most common types of games in a competition or tournament. A three player game is commonly played with two against one for the entire match. There is another variation where

########
Rank: 20
Score: 51.107178
Retrieved Text: Nicola Rigoni (Chievo) clearly holds his opponent to prevent him from getting the ball and the referee blows his whistle for a foul.
A quickly taken corner by Chievo.
Chievo are just stroking the ball across the park now, but the defence is doing very well breaking up their possession. Chievo earn a corner.
Fabio Depaoli (Chievo) latches on to a precise cross on the edge of the box and strikes the ball goalwards. However, it whistles wide of the right post so the goalkeeper can relax.
Fabio Depaoli produces a beautiful lofted cross into the box, where Filip Djordjevic (Chievo) rises high to head the ball into the left side of the goal and beyond the goalkeeper. He makes it 3:4.
Bostjan Cesar (Chievo) fails to beat the offside trap and the linesman puts his flag up.
Goal Federico Chiesa (Fiorentina)! Federico Chiesa (Fiorentina) was put through by Gerson and he showed brilliant composure to tuck it home from inside the box. 2:4.
Sergio Pellissier (Chievo) failed to beat the goalkeeper from the penalty spot.
Sergio Pellissier (Chievo) is heading towards the penalty spot to take it.
Handball! A player from Fiorentina handled the ball. The advantage of a penalty kick is given to Chievo.
Chievo take a short corner kick.
Sergio Pellissier (Chievo) delivers a long ball, but it lacks enough power to reach his teammates and is intercepted by one of the defenders. The referee and his assistant both point at the corner flag. Chievo will have an opportunity to threaten the opposition's goal.
Corner kick falls to Luis Muriel (Fiorentina), who attempts to finish.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 50.992603
Retrieved Text: The Boys and Girls Coaches Code of Conduct will be strictly adhered to at all times. FIFA Laws of the game and BGCHV rules shall be the official rules for all games.
A. Scoring: A goal is scored when the entire ball goes completely over the goal line, under the crossbar and between the goal posts, while the ball is legally in play. Any player on a team may score goals, including the goalkeeper. Any team with a 10 or more point advantage will have their score blanked from the scoreboard. Similarly, referees and BGCHV staff may determine that scores should be blanked for margins of less than 10, depending on game, age, and situation.
1. Pee Wee League: does not keep score/no playoffs.
2. K-League: does not keep score/no playoffs.
B. Kickoff Procedure: Referees shall determine at each site, which team is determined to kick-off first, prior to each game. Teams will then alternate kick-off’s to begin each subsequent period of the game. Kickoffs shall be considered indirect kicks. As per current FIFA laws, the ball may be kicked off in any direction - and the player who has kicked off, may not touch the ball again, until the ball is touched by another player.
C. Three-Line Violation: A player is guilty of a three-line violation when he/she passes (or is the last to touch the ball) across three lines in the air towards his/her opponent’s goal line - without the ball touching another player, the perimeter wall or the referee between the red lines. When a three-line violation is

########
Rank: 22
Score: 50.71358
Retrieved Text: OPINION: @rugby365com‘s acclaimed writer Paul Dobson looks at some of the values that may be missing from the game – when players lose self-control.
In a rugby match it would be quite possible to kill a man – and get away with it. But murder on a rugby field does not exist, not even in an Agatha Christie novel.
There may be many reasons it does not exist and amongst those reasons must be self-control. I am excited, I am motivated, I am angry – but I control my emotions.
Self-control is important in all sports, but especially in a game of great physical conflict, like rugby football.
Control is vital the game and has ever been so. But let the playing charter speak. Please, look at it before we get onto last Saturday at Newlands.
Go and look at the match played at Newlands on Saturday and look for discipline, control and mutual respect. They are there, but not all of the time.
“lies not with one individual – it involves coaches, captains, players and referees”, starting with whoever allowed the players onto the field in confusing colours – lots of red, blue and black.
Certainly player behaviour played was notably poor on occasions.
In the first half, the Stormers were penalised nine times. They were not clever infringements – a deliberate knock-on, playing the man without the ball, three successive air tackles and two side entries, both by Alistair Vermaak.
Player reaction was not helpful.
Continue watching below highlights video ….
When Bongi Mbonambi was penalised for a pretty gross act of shoulder-pushing Nic Groom

########
Rank: 23
Score: 50.553356
Retrieved Text: Like thirty thousand others from our area, I went along to Wembley Stadium for Reading’s historic semi-final of the FA Cup against Arsenal. I was asked after the game what I thought about all the shouts for handball, but high in the stands they were lost and to be honest, shouts for handball are so common place that they don’t even register.
Ask any referee and you will be told there are numerous shouts for handball every game, but most are without any foundation at all. Certainly I had my share at the weekend. Very often they are when the ball hits an opponent on the chest, the knee of other parts of the body other than the hand or arm. I recall a couple for instance at the weekend at which a defender played the ball with his shoulder, which raised shouts.
If we look at the Law it doesn’t say a lot; ‘A direct free kick is awarded if a player handles the ball deliberately (except for the goalkeeper inside his own penalty area).’ The interpretations in the Laws however elaborate a little more, for a start it says ‘handling the ball involves a deliberate act, making contact with the hand or arm.’ So we know that handling does include the arm (but not the shoulder). The key factor however, is the word deliberate.
Handball is one of only two of the ten offences punishable by a direct free kick that has to be deliberate. If, for instance, a player trips an opponent accidentally it is still

########
Rank: 24
Score: 50.20092
Retrieved Text: Team roster shall include a minimum of 12 players, including at least 4 of each gender.
The maximum number of players on the field is 7, including the goalie, and including at least 3 of each gender.
A team may start with as few as 4 players on the field.
When a team has fewer than the required numbers of a specified gender, they may not substitute members of another gender. For example, if a team has 7 total players available at game time but only 2 are female, the team must play short with 6 players.
One team being short players for a full 7 on field does not obligate the opposing team to reduce their players on field.
All players must be registered with the team to play with that team, except in situations in which the team is short the minimum number of total players or the number of a particular gender. Unregistered substitutes are not permitted. Any team found to be playing with an unregistered player will forfeit the game. See: Late Registration below.
If the team has fewer than 7 players overall available, or has fewer than 3 of each gender available, that team may invite a registered player from another team other than their opponent as a substitute. Gender substitute rules still apply. This is permitted only during regular season games, and only if the team is short. A substitute from another team may only be used in the event of absence, not for the purpose of allowing rests or breaks for individual players.
Players may be

########
Rank: 25
Score: 50.154232
Retrieved Text: (a) The playing area within the cushion faces shall measure 11ft 8½in x 5 ft 10in (3569mm x 1778mm) with a tolerance on both dimensions of +/_ ½in (+/_ 13mm).
(b) The height of the table from the floor to the top of the cushion rail shall be from 2ft 9½in to 2ft 10½in (851mm to 876mm).
(c) (i) There shall be pockets at the corners (two at the Spot end known as the top pockets and two at the Baulk end known as the bottom pockets) and one each at the middle of the longer sides (known as the centre pockets).
(ii) The pocket openings shall conform to the templates authorised by the World Professional Billiards and Snooker Association (WPBSA).
(d) A straight line drawn 29in (737mm) from the face of the bottom cushion and parallel to it is called the Baulk-line, and that line and the intervening space is termed the Baulk.
(e) The “D” is a semi-circle described in Baulk with its centre at the middle of the Baulk-line and with a radius of 11½in (292mm).
(i) the Spot, 12¾in (324mm) from a point perpendicularly below the face of the top cushion.
(ii) the Centre Spot, located midway between the faces of the top and bottom cushions.
(iii) the Pyramid Spot, located midway between the Centre Spot and the face of the top cushion.
(iv) the Middle of the Baulk-line.
(b) a set of balls may be changed by agreement between the players or on a decision by the referee.
A cue shall be not less that 3ft (914mm) in length and shall show

########
Rank: 26
Score: 49.37099
Retrieved Text: Former Premier League referee Dermot Gallagher analyses all the big decisions from the weekend, including Sadio Mane's disallowed goal and more.
Liverpool were held to a 1-1 draw at Arsenal on Saturday but the result may well have been different had Mane's strike been allowed to stand. Jurgen Klopp thought it was a goal, but what does our refereeing expert think?
INCIDENT: With the game goalless, Roberto Firmino has a shot which hits the bar and then bounces down for Sadio Mane to finish from close range, but the flag goes up for offside. Mane was offside when Firmino received the ball, but he was not involved in play and was then onside when Firmino shot.
DERMOT SAYS: "Mane's goal should have stood. Although he was in an offside position he doesn't impact because Firmino goes for the ball. When Firmino plays the ball he's behind him, so even though the ball comes back off the post, the last Liverpool player to play the ball was Firmino so Mane was entitled to follow up and score. Because the assistant was caught on the first ball he's out of position and cannot the position of the Liverpool players."
INCIDENT: Liverpool goalkeeper Alisson takes out Henrikh Mkhitaryan after he wins a header in the box. Mkhitaryan heads wide and no penalty is given.
DERMOT SAYS: "I don't think anybody expected a penalty to be given: forward, defender, spectator, coach. You see that happen week in, week out. When a goalkeeper comes like that the expectation is for him to get the ball."
Alisson Becker

########
Rank: 27
Score: 49.352448
Retrieved Text: Crystal Palace chairman Steve Parish wants to see mandatory red cards introduced for players who dive.
Manchester United's 2-0 win over Palace on Saturday was tarnished by accusations of diving against Ashley Young.
The United winger was cautioned for simulation in the first half after deliberately tripping over Kagisho Dikgacoi's leg in a bid to win a penalty.
The England international won a spot-kick later in the game when he clashed with Dikgacoi, even though replays showed there was minimal contact between the two and the incident also occurred outside the box.
Dikgacoi saw red for what was deemed a professional foul by referee Jon Moss, but Parish thinks it should have been Young who received his marching orders instead.
"If preventing a goal-scoring opportunity is a straight red then trying to create one by cheating should be a straight red also," Parish told BBC Radio 5 Live.
"The only player in the incidents that was honest was Kagisho Dikgacoi and he's sent off and banned for the next match.
"Ashley Young's dive and the appeal before put pressure on the ref to give a subsequent penalty that was certainly outside the area and probably wasn't even a foul.
"Ashley Young has a yellow card and three points and we have no points and one less player to pick from for the next game.
"(It) Might have cost us a point that might keep us up. (We) Need to get some momentum behind a straight red for a dive."
United manager David Moyes warned Young after the match that diving would not be tolerated.
"I don't want

########
Rank: 28
Score: 49.19657
Retrieved Text: Tottenham Hotspur picked up a highly unexpected yet incredibly important victory against Manchester City in the first leg of the quarterfinals of the Champions League.
Son Heung-min’s second-half strike gave the hosts a 1-0 lead and a massive advantage to Mauricio Pochettino’s side ahead of the second leg at the Etihad next week.
The visitors got off to a bright start as skipper David Silva made a brilliant run between Toby Alderweireld and Kieran Trippier but his shot went wide from a tight angle.
City dominated the game as expected but Spurs looked dangerous on the counter-attack with Son and Harry Kane up top. Raheem Sterling looked bright for the visitors on their left flank as he cut inside to have a pop at goal but Danny Rose’s block sent the ball wide.
However, a VAR review showed that Sterling’s shot bounced off of Rose’s arm before going behind for a corner. After a long hard look, the referee pointed to the spot and Sergio Aguero stepped up.
The Argentine looked to add to his incredible goalscoring record but Hugo Lloris had other ideas as the Frenchman brilliantly saved the penalty. Spurs were let off the hook, thanks to their captain’s heroics and Pochettino’s side gained confidence from then on.
There was a shout for another penalty but this time at the opposite end as Harry Kane went down after claiming Otamendi’s arm hit his face. However, the referee waved the play on and the VAR team were happy with his decision.
Tottenham got into the game more as the game went on,

########
Rank: 29
Score: 48.651722
Retrieved Text: Palmeiras suffered to advance to the quarterfinals of the Brazil Cup.This match could of ended in a more peaceful way if the referees hadn't committed absurd mistakes.
It all began at Palestra Italia game, when Marcelo de Lima Henrique ignored a clear penalty suffered by Lincoln. In yesterday's match, held at Arena da Baixada, curiously another referee (Gutenberg Paula Fonseca) was nearly responsible for a humiliating elimination. He clearly favored the home team because of the penalty that was marked. The other incredible mistake he committed was awarding Lincoln a yellow card. Lincoln was 2 meters behind Atletico's player, which clearly tripped on the ball. The referee called a foul and showed Lincoln a yellow card.
In 2008, against Sao Paulo, was the famous goal scored by Adriano's hand in the semifinal of the Paulistão. The pathetic error was not enough to take Palmeiras out of the finals though !
Already in 2009 there was a ridiculous amount of mistakes against Palmeiras. Carlos Eugenio Simon in Maracana, nullifying the clear legal goal scored by Obina against Fluminense. In this championship the Palmeiras lost 10 points because of bad refereeing. These 10 points were responsible for the loss of the championship.
In 2010 nothing has changed, the Paulistão began with a series of blunders, such as the goal scored in Barueri. A clear 5 meter offsides was not marked by the referee.
Let me be clear: the misdeeds of Palmeiras in the current season can not and are not justified by these errors followed the arbitration, but we can not tolerate what

================



======= Instance Index 331 =========
Input Text: Bobby worked in a kosher deli, but all delis were kosher where he lived.   Where might he live?
Choose the most suitable option to answer the above question.
Options:
- germany
- jerusalem
- town
- new york city
- food court

Target Text: jerusalem

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 66.38842
Retrieved Text: Would you be surprised to know that there were well over 1,500 kosher delis in New York City in 1931? Or that today, that number has dwindled down to an estimated 150 across the entire country? Deli Man, a delightfully charming documentary from director Erik Anjou, examines the rise and decline of kosher delis, clearly reveling in their culinary and cultural delights. Word of warning: this is not a film you want to watch on an empty stomach. Surprisingly enough, the star of the documentary is a Texan (via New York), Ziggy Gruber, who runs Kenny & Ziggy’s New York Delicatessen Restaurant, a well respected Jewish deli located in Houston.
Based on a concept that some might consider a bit thin and relying heavily on the pull of nostalgia, this is a film that will have great appeal to some while doubtlessly leaving others bored. Ziggy is himself a third generation “deli man,” a kid who grew up entranced by his grandfather and in love with the deli ran. He’s the kind of rare kid that felt more at home around his grandfather and his associates than around kids his own age. And more importantly, he felt a strong sense of cultural kinship to his grandfather and his business and what they represented to him: a connection to something older, bigger and deeper. He was on a course to be a world-class chef as a young man but gave it up to go into the deli business. His brother, on the other hand, is now making movies

########
Rank: 1
Score: 54.876358
Retrieved Text: Why Did NYC Lose 15 Kosher Restaurants In 2018?
“Everyone knows opening a restaurant is a tricky business. Only 21% of restaurant start-ups survive past 15 years, the average restaurant lifetime is 4.5 years, and 17% of restaurants fail within their first year of business. In the kosher community, all of those percentages are a whole lot higher.
For all the talk of authentic Jewish delis going extinct, a few still take great pride in their pastrami. A pastrami sandwich at Harold’s New York Deli Restaurant in Edison, New Jersey weighs 20 ounces. The triple-decker at Harold’s weighs in at 3.5 pounds! Sharing is thankfully encouraged with no fee.
The owner Harold Jaffe says that the deli sells 8,000 pounds of pastrami a week (all of which is made at the restaurant). Mr. Jaffe learned the business by working at the Carnegie Deli in Manhattan for ten years.
Customers enjoy bar that offers slices of rye bread, half-sours, spicy pickle chips and health salad (cabbage mixed with oil and vinegar).
The Kosher Nosh is another deli located in Glen Rock, New Jersey, and has been in business for 40 years. The store is run by Avi Friede and Haim Peer, both originally from Israel. Mr, Friede says that by selling pastrami, lox, corned beef and other traditional deli foods, he is getting back to his Eastern European food roots.
Hobby’s Delicatessen and Restaurant in Newark, New Jersey was purchased by Sam Brummer in 1962 and passed on to his sons Marc and Michael. The sons were taught to buy quality goods, prepare

########
Rank: 2
Score: 53.97001
Retrieved Text: (3/6/2019)- Ben’s of Scarsdale, NY was featured on Lohud.com discussing Ben’s Corned Beef specials available until March 17, 2019.
(3/6/2019)- Ben’s was featured in the March 2019 Westchester Jewish Life Newspaper, highlighting Ben’s Corned Beef Celebration.
(5/17/2018)- Ben’s was featured in an article highlighting the top 14 places to eat in the Garment District in The Infatuation.
(4/11/2018)- Ben’s iconic Matzo Ball Soup was recently featured in the Sun Sentinel.
Times Ledger: Ben’s Kosher Deli brings ‘Latkes and Laughs’ to Bayside (3/23/2018)- Ben’s Deli of Bayside’s ‘Latkes & Laughs’ Event was featured in the Queens Times Ledger.
Newsday: Where’s the beef? Maybe in your sushi (3/8/2018)- Ben’s Kosher Deli was recently highlighted in Newsday for its adaptation to the latest food craze – Beefshi. Beef-based, sushi.
Broadway World: Inside Opening Night of A Letter to Harvey Milk (3/7/2018)- Ben’s Deli recently catered the opening of the Off-Broadway production of A Letter to Harvey Milk. Kevin Eccles and Hal Simon were pictured in an photo gallery/article from Broadway World: Off Broadway from the show’s opening night.
Nation’s Best: 25 Great Long Island Delis To Check Out (2/20/2018)- Ben’s Deli had the great honor of being listed among the top 25 delis on Long Island in an article from Nation’s Best.
Grub Street: 12 Excellent Things to Eat, Drink, and Do in New York City This January (1/1/2018)- The Workman’s Circle “NYC Delis: Talk and Taste the History” event being held at Ben’s Deli was listed by Grub Street as one of the top 12 things to do in New York.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 53.940277
Retrieved Text: From Chinatown to Brighton Beach, there are numerous culturally vibrant neighborhoods in New York's melting pot. Every culture has their own customs and in order to respect the community, you should read about them before you visit.
All kinds of people live in Brooklyn, and some of the best people-watching is in the borough's Hasidic Jewish neighborhoods, where people dress with Amish-like modesty and observe different social norms. Here are some tips to keep in mind when visiting a Hasidic community.
Most of the people you may encounter at Brooklyn's Hasidic neighborhoods—Williamsburg, Crown Heights, and Borough Park—will be dressed in the garb typical of their communities. That means modest, loose-fitting long dresses for girls and women, and generally black pants or suits for boys and men, who all wear yarmulkes or hats.
You will not find any bars in these neighborhoods unless they are on the outskirts and owned by non-Hasidic people. Also note that all establishments are closed two hours before sunset on Friday, all day Saturday, and on Jewish holidays.
Be aware that adult men and women do not wait in stores for each other to try on and model clothing; there's a separation of men and women.
Do not eat or bring any food that is not kosher into a food establishment.
It's best not to photograph people without their permission.
Women visitors should, if possible, avoid low cut or tight fitting tops.
Women visitors should not try to shake hands with local Orthodox men; they won't, and the particularly pious may even avoid eye contact.
If you feel a bit lost

########
Rank: 4
Score: 53.396534
Retrieved Text: It was a celebration of the traditional deli when more than 100 members of Windsor Ont.’s local Jewish community, many who hadn’t seen each other in years, gathered for an old-school “Man’s Lunch” to “fress, kibbitz and kvetch” over steaming hot kosher corned beef and pastrami.
The lunch, held Jan. 18 in Shaar Hashomayim Congregation’s social hall, was an effort not just to strengthen the bonds of the city’s Jewish community, but to raise money to rehabilitate its Hebrew school, which hasn’t been refurbished since it opened in 1963.
READ: WHERE’S THE KOSHER ORGANIC BEEF?
Accordingly, a silent auction was held to bid on large-scale, ready-for-framing replicas of menus from some of North America’s most iconic Jewish delicatessens, from New York’s Carnegie to Wolfie Cohen’s Rascal House in Miami Beach to Schwartz’s in Montreal. A copy of New York’s Second Avenue Deli Cookbook was also up for bids.
Being screened in the background was the 2015 film Deli Man by director Erik Anjou, which lovingly documented the decline of the traditional Jewish deli and efforts to revitalize it.
Jewish men in Windsor meet for deli lunch.
Considerable organizing went into planning the kosher feast. Mechanic said 82 pounds of brisket was ordered from Hamilton Kosher in Hamilton.
“They gave us all the instructions. Every single thing we had to do the guys in Hamilton walked us through it,” Mechanic said. He also secured “beautiful rye breads” from The Bake Station in Southfield, Mich., a kosher bakery across the river in suburban Detroit.
Cole slaw, pickles, and desserts – including seven-layer cake and kichel –rounded

########
Rank: 5
Score: 51.02321
Retrieved Text: Ordered a corned beef sandwich. It was served with a small portion of meat, and overly fat for corned beef. The bread was stale.
We asked to substitute fruit for the potato salad and they said OK, and then proceeded to charge us $6.00 for it.
Asked for ice in my water 3 times and never got it.
Between the food and service, I highly recommend avoiding this restaurant.
And this comes from a New Yorker who knows kosher delis.
Excellent and sleek rendition of Jewish deli classics. The mixed smoked fish plate is a winner. Make sure to have the homemade bagels with cream cheese.
I admit that I am a deli fanatic. I have been to famous delis from Montreal to Portland. Wexlers takes a place among the best. The pastrami is fantastic, as is the bread, cole slaw and anything else you eat there. We have made multiple visits to Wexler's and its consistently good.
It's in the trendy Arrive Hotel and the outdoor tables have a view of the pool. The staff is friendly and competent. What more can be said?
This is not a deli - but a restaurant serving deli food!
Ridiculous..... came here to pick up some tuna salad and other deli items but they are ONLY a restaurant, not a delicatessen!
We found a few legitimate options during our stay which were actual delis..... will not be back!
Been to Wexler's? Share your experiences!

########
Rank: 6
Score: 49.247524
Retrieved Text: This week, when I was teaching a class of continuing education students, we touched on some of the people I have encountered throughout my career. My wife and I owned Kossar’s, a well-known bialy bakery on New York City’s Lower East Side for 15 years, and a handful of celebrities used to walk in and buy our product. One of these people had a particular interest in my wife. Abe Vigoda, who died on Jan. 26, 2016, used to come in, but would not buy unless my wife dropped whatever she was doing, including baking the bialys, and took care of him personally. I mentioned him with some sadness, as his recent death brought fond memories of our business to the forefront, and is fresh in my mind.
When I mentioned his name to the students, however, most of the class had no idea who I was talking about. He was Vito Corleone’s buddy Sal Tessio and Detective Phil Fish in Captain Barney Miller’s precinct; how could they not know who Abe Vigoda was?
It hit me then; I finally realized that while I feel young, I grew up in a very different generation and so much of what was routine to me has changed.
A young lady in my class commented on how the Jewish deli is coming back – new bagel-and-lox shops were opening, and pastrami was becoming hip. I did not know the Jewish deli had ever been out, and pastrami remains one of my favorites today. Yet, there are some things that have changed since

########
Rank: 7
Score: 48.947117
Retrieved Text: Kosher Information: In January my wife and I decided to take a trip to Hawaii for a week and just relax before she gives birth. We came with some food but we were aware of the various options out there for us.
There are a few supermarkets that sell Kosher products such as Wholefoods. The local Chabad House offers an option for Kosher food via "Jerusalem Kosher Deli". I must say the prices were pretty good and the food was really tasty. When ordering from Jerusalem Kosher Deli keep in mind you have to order the day before. You can email them and request a menu.
Another option includes ordering from Oahu Kosher, a caterer which delivers to your hotel serving Oahu, Honolulu, and Waikiki.
Tourist Information: This is a must for anyone looking to take advantage of the great weather and water based activities in Oahu. Before you fly make sure you order your Go Oahu card. This will give you access to 39 activities roughly ranging from snorkling to a 1 hour cruise(you might be lucky and see whales like we did) to hiking up the rainforest.
There are very few activities in Hawaii that could compare to snorkeling. We bought an underwater camera from Amazon and decided to put it to the test. We spent around 5 hours on the beach and in the water and managed to see over 25 different fish and some sea turtles. We also decided to have an adventure and kayak into the ocean and stop at an island just off the

########
Rank: 8
Score: 48.909706
Retrieved Text: To give an analogy, it would be like the government mandating that all delis, even Kosher delis, serve pork products and then justifying it by saying that protein is healthy, and many Jews who don’t follow Kosher laws and many non-Jews go to those delis. The law wouldn’t technically ban Jews from owning delis, but it would effectively ban their ability to run them according to their conscience.
Well, the Catholic Church isn’t lying down and taking this.
The Vatican Never Called For A World Bank: In Fact, Pope Benedict XVI Calls For Subsidiarity aka; An Anti Giant Governmental Agency!
← If You Voted For Obama In 2008 To Prove You Were Not A Racist: You’ll Have To Vote For Someone Else In 2012 To Prove You’re Not An Idiot!

########
Rank: 9
Score: 48.141716
Retrieved Text: Visiting Denver? Here are some helpful resources.
Below you will find information about where to stay, where to eat, where to daven, where to dunk (mikvah), and more. Questions? Please email aarontoys@denvereruv.org.
East Side Kosher Deli: A full service deli, restaurant, butcher, and more.
Brooklyn Pizza: A classic pizza shop with gluten free and vegan options.
High Point Creamery: An elevated, small-batch ice cream parlor with many kosher options.
Rosenberg's Kosher: New York-style water bagels, schmears, and more (only open on Friday mornings).
Bonnie Brae Ice Cream: An old-fashioned creamery with many kosher ice cream options.
Krispy Kreme: Krispy Kreme is now Kosher in three stores in Colorado. The locations are in Downtown Denver, Thornton, & Lone Tree. For more information, contact our local vaad.
Note: Affiliations based on information on individual synagogue websites.
The Mikvah of East Denver (MOED) is located at 295 S. Locust Street, but the mikvah is currently closed for reconstruction (11/2016). Please call 303-320-MOED (6633) for information on options for the East Side.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 47.224117
Retrieved Text: Beginning in the 1840’s, Germans began immigrating to the United States; they brought with them many of their preserved, pickled and canned foods, and their family recipes. Delicatessen (also known as “deli”) is a combination of words which roughly translates into “delicacies to eat” or “to eat delicious things”. Within these palaces of eatery, authentic German and/or Americanized versions of foods were offered a variety of sausages (or “wieners”), beef frankfurters, sauerkraut, hamburgers, meat loaf, liverwurst, cold cuts, noodle dishes, dill pickles, herring in cream sauce, lager beer, seltzer water, pretzels (hard and crunchy or the big, doughy New York-style soft pretzels), potato salad, muenster cheese, rolls, pastries, rye and pumpernickel breads.
During the 1890’s to 1920’s, Eastern Europeans of Jewish descent started to flock to the United States, bringing not only their language (Yiddish) and religion, but their own foods and recipes. Kosher and kosher-style delicatessens were established and New Yorkers were introduced to bagels, bialys, smoked salmon and white fish, Matzo and Matzo ball soup, pastrami, corned beef, tongue, borscht, chopped liver, pickled herring and potato pancakes.
When it came to a smorgasbord, the delicatessen was the place to indulge. New York not only personified the concept of the “melting pot” with the variety of ethnic cultures and religions, but also with the food items available to the public. As the United States developed, these cultures moved across the states and introduced the concept of the deli to many an area. In the 1950’s, supermarkets were introduced around the country which offered many of the same

########
Rank: 11
Score: 46.752552
Retrieved Text: Is Whole Foods a Kosher Food Store?
Whole foods offers many different certified Kosher items but not everything in the store is Kosher. It has an entire section in the store dedicated to Kosher foods for the convenience of the shopper.
Additionally, certified Kosher meats are offered in the deli department including whole and ground chicken and turkey selections from trusted sources like Kosher Valley. This is also an antibiotic-free line of products where the poultry is processed by hand. Kosher essentials for Passover can be found at Whole Foods such as grape juice, gefilte fish, matzoh and latkes. For dessert there are Kosher macaroons, chocolate Seder, yogurt and granola available for purchase.
What Is Aldi's Return Policy on Its Weekly Special Buys?
What Essential Foods Are on a Typical Grocery List?
How Can You Save Money on Groceries at Walmart?
What Items Can You Buy From Costco Online?
Where Can You Find an Online Grocery List With Prices?
What Are Some Kosher Foods?

########
Rank: 12
Score: 46.4994
Retrieved Text: The Late, Late Show host James Corden went on down to Western Kosher in Los Angeles. In a sketch similar to David Letterman’s Taco Bell pranks, Corden spent an afternoon working at this kosher grocery store, learning to carve meat and drive a forklift.
Fortunately, Corden stays away from any groan-worthy Jewish jokes, and all the laughs are at his own expense. He may not be cut out for working at the kosher deli, but he’s certainly welcome for Shabbat dinner anytime!

########
Rank: 13
Score: 45.540478
Retrieved Text: While many schools across the U.S. have instituted full kosher programs, many others are still lagging along. It is one thing to have no kosher food on campus or to have limited kosher fare; it is another thing entirely to offer “partially kosher.” Here is the story about one Canadian school that did just that. “Carleton University’s cafeteria offered a kosher brisket lunch to students on April 18.” At least that is what the write-up about the meal said, but kosher it was not! So said the chef, whom KASHRUS interviewed. “Carleton University students stressed out by exams may have been comforted by memories of bubbie’s kitchen April 18 when the university introduced fresh kosher brisket into its main residence cafeteria.” “Memories of bubbie’s kitchen” (which was kosher, and brisket was bubbie’s favorite), but Carleton’s brisket was not kosher, at least not when it was finally served. “The campus eatery added 18 kilograms of the Jewish comfort food to the day’s meal options…” Yes, this brisket was bought kosher and prepared in the non-kosher ovens in Carleton’s kitchen by the school’s non-Jewish chef and crew. Non-kosher pans, non-kosher oven, bishul akum… but “kosher” brisket. This is not news. There are plenty of kosher style eateries these days. “Full kosher” is being reserved for the Orthodox (with 11% of the Conservative Jews still interested). But Carleton’s story is truly dismaying. Read on. The write-up claims that the brisket was made using a new pot and new cooking and serving utensils and points out that the chef had

########
Rank: 14
Score: 45.27396
Retrieved Text: FLATBUSH, BROOKLYN — Every morning, when Ruben Diaz arrives at the soup kitchen where he has worked as the head chef since January 2013, he is not allowed to turn on the oven.
Diaz, the head chef at Masbia, the most robust kosher soup kitchen network in New York, is not Jewish and must wait for his supervisor to turn it on for him.
It’s one of several religious rules Diaz follows as he prepares 500 meals a day for a mixed community that will eat at the soup kitchen later in the evening. Diaz also cannot crack his own eggs or check vegetables for bugs, which are not kosher.
Masbia is one of several food pantries and soup kitchens in New York that is seeing more clients ever since food stamps cuts went into effect in November.
Diaz came to New York about ten years ago for a better life.
He started as a waiter for Masbia in 2006 and worked his way up. The organization funded Diaz’s kosher cooking classes at a local Boro Park culinary school.
He grew up Catholic and said he didn’t know many Jews in his hometown of Bogota, Colombia. As for kosher rules, he knew just that Jews didn’t eat pork or shellfish.
“I didn’t know there was kosher and not kosher. For me, food was food,” he said.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 45.206474
Retrieved Text: The Humanist Dilemma: Is It Kosher to Pretend Food Is Kosher?
Keeping It Kosher: I’m a humanist married to a Jewish man who cherishes many of his traditions. When we became engaged he didn’t ask me to convert or go to the synagogue beyond a couple times a year, but he did insist we keep a kosher home. We both ate whatever we wanted when we went out and I didn’t think keeping kosher when we cooked at home would be a big deal, so I consented without giving it much thought or realizing what it entailed. I assumed it was just about eliminating pork and shellfish, but it turns out to be so much more than that.
After a few years of doing things the way his mom does (which, I have learned, is not the same as other people who keep kosher–it varies wildly), I can’t help feeling that it’s a real pain. I have to be careful not to combine meat and dairy products (for example, lasagna either has to have no beef or no cheese), and we can’t even have meat and dairy on the table at the same time, such as if one of us is having leftover chicken and the other just wants some buttered toast. My husband even makes sure I check the labels on hot dog buns, margarine, and canned vegetable soup to confirm there’s no unexpected dairy or meat essence in them. It’s amazing how often there is.
On top of that, it’s very hard to find kosher meats in

########
Rank: 16
Score: 44.988907
Retrieved Text: The Oasis Grill at Segal's is a welcome oasis of Glatt Kosher, fine dining, featuring a mouth-watering menu, a family-friendly atmosphere, and an extensive selection of Kosher wine, beer and spirits served in our luxurious bar.
Located in sunny Phoenix, Arizona, Segal’s Oasis Grill is carrying on the proud heritage of Segal’s, which was once the only Kosher market, butcher shop and restaurant in Phoenix for many decades.
Now under new management, we are doubling our efforts to provide our guests with best of fine, family Kosher dining, we have expanded our dining room, added a full sized bar, feature live music, a hooka bar, and are now nearly finished adding a large outdoor patio, so our guests will be able to soon enjoy the best of sunny Phoenix, Arizona’s famous warm weather and breath-taking sunsets.
We weren't always known as Segal’s One Stop Kosher Foods and Oasis Grill, originally we were Segal’s Kosher Meat Market.
Pearl Segal, OBM, and Zalman Segal, May he be well, and May they always be Blessed.
Zalman Segal, an Israeli-born Shochet (ritual slaughterer), his wife Pearl Segal, OBM, and their five children moved to the Valley from Omaha, Nebraska in the winter of 1967. He opened Segal's Kosher Meat Market, formerly known as Ben's Kosher Meat Market in March 1967 at Fifth and Washington streets in downtown Phoenix.
Until Segal's opened, the availability of kosher foods in the Phoenix area was extremely limited. Those who kept kosher had to ship cheese and meat products in from out of town. He opened the gate for Kashrut products

########
Rank: 17
Score: 44.791317
Retrieved Text: The Originator of the Silverman Kosher Butchery business was Solly Silverman. He first started his business in Ben Johnson Road, Stepney. E.1. in the year 1931. His mother Rebecca had previously run her own poultry business in London’s East End, where Solly helped her and became a connoisseur in the art of poultry buying. He became the main breadwinner in his large family. On leaving school at the age of fourteen, he worked for a number of years learning the trade, until venturing out on his own.
Solly’s business thrived in Ben Johnson Road until the start of the Second World War, when his business was destroyed early on in the blitz. He restarted after the war back in Stepney Way in 1944, and then to Mile End Road., where his business once again thrived. Solly was a very well respected figure in the industry with his knowledge of every aspect in his field.
His eldest son Ivor on leaving school started working for him in 1956 where he learned the finer art of butchery. Ivor worked in the family business until 1971, when he left his fathers’ business to branch out on his own at 4 Canons Corner, London Road, Stanmore. Ivor Silverman Kosher Butcher, quickly became the leader in the kosher meat industry.
He eventually branched out into Uxbridge Road, Hatch End and later Watling Street, Radlett, furthering his customer base and influence, never encroaching on his fellow kosher butchers trading areas.
Ivor Silverman became a household name for value, renowned quality, and variety, and remains so until

########
Rank: 18
Score: 44.69495
Retrieved Text: Chef Jeff’s food service career began as a dishwasher and busboy for IHOP at the tender age of 13. He quickly rose through the ranks as a cook and a trainer, mastering the art of cooking breakfast! From there, he took his skills to the Marriott Hotel where he served as a Line Cook and got his first taste of making cuisine from scratch. After learning about production and planning, he became Lead Chef for two restaurants. He landed his first position as Kitchen Manager at Theodore’s and later managed kitchens for the Abdow Family at the Ivanhoe and P.J. Scott Steak Houses. Back in the hospitality trade, he rose through the ranks at Radisson from Sous Chef to Executive Chef and finally to the Food & Beverage Director. Jeff also worked for a local New York-style deli called Gus & Paul’s where he learned about Kosher and Ethnic foods, like how to prepare a proper corned beef to making kasha and smoked white fish salad.
After such a whirlwind of experience, it’s no surprise that Chef Jeff was ready to settle down with a meaningful career that incorporated all of his skills and passion for pleasing people. We’re extremely glad to have him with us at East Village Place.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 44.694
Retrieved Text: Deli Night. Temple’s 17th Annual Deli Night is scheduled for May 19, 2019! Please watch for information on the upcoming year’s event! Seattle Campus.
The Deli - Encounters (2017) https://thedeli.bandcamp.com/album/encounters A tape compiled of jazzy joints inspired by outer space and spring/summer nights.
Deli' Night. 141 likes. Entreprise ouverte 7/7jours livrant à domicile des produits pouvant vous manquer lors de soirées, sur Châlons en Champagne.
Deli Night at the Rampart Buffet. November 8, 2017 Leave a Comment Written by Deke Castleman. Though not kosher, Rampart’s Thursday specialty night is about as authentic a Jewish buffet as you’ll ever eat; whoever came up with the selections is almost certainly Jewish or at least knows a whole lot about the food.
What : Is it possible? Authentic, Kosher deli right here in Las Cruces? In fact, it is! Chabad is hosting a Kosher Deli night. Come by and enjoy a sandwich of corned beef on rye or pastrami with a kosher Knish and much more!
Kosher Deli Night X. You've reached the beginning of Kosher Deli Night. Start again . You've finished Kosher Deli Night. Start again . Previous Next. Left Right. Photo Gallery. Shabbat Sing-a-Long. Community Shabbat Dinner. Tu B'Shevat @ One Lincoln Park. Kosher Deli Night. Chanukah @ One Lincoln Park.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 44.253113
Retrieved Text: Drink with side salad combo.
Half PlatterToggle visibility of menu section "Half Platter"
Subs stuffed with provolone and your choice of premium deli-quality meats. Subs include lettuce, tomatoes, onion, and vinaigrette, with mayonnaise, deli mustard, and kosher pickles on the side. Serves 10.
Upgrade any platter to a platter pack: any sub platter plus choice of gallon beverage, Lay's classic chips, dessert, plates, and napkins.
Classic deluxe with turkey and provolone.
Classic deluxe with ham and provolone.
Classic deluxe with tuna salad and provolone.
Classic deluxe with grilled chicken and provolone.
A medium sub stuffed with choice of premium deli meat and provolone. All topped with lettuce, tomatoes, onions, and vinaigrette. Included in the box: chips, mayonnaise, deli mustard, and kosher dill pickle.
A medium sub loaded with two kinds of premium deli meats or tuna salad, and provolone. All topped with lettuce, tomatoes, onions and vinaigrette. Included in the box: chips, mayonnaise, deli mustard, and kosher dill pickle.
A medium sub stuffed with choice of premium deli meat and provolone. All topped with lettuce, tomatoes, onions, and vinaigrette. Included in the box: chips, dessert, mayonnaise, deli mustard, and kosher dill pickle.
A medium sub loaded with two kinds of premium deli meats or tuna salad, and provolone. All topped with lettuce, tomatoes, onions and vinaigrette. Included in the box: chips, dessert, mayonnaise, deli mustard, and kosher dill pickle.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 44.122486
Retrieved Text: Monticello, NY…The huge Walmart store has significantly increased its food section in recent years but when it came to kosher, say kosher purveyors, “they’ve had their ups and downs.” But this year, the significant upgrade of the kosher offering is noticeable, beginning with the entrance where a large “kosher bakery” sign in English and Yiddish stands atop a selection of challah, baked goods, and even artisan breads. A young Chasidic Jew chuckled: “We all can read the English but it’s their way of saying hello to us.” Not too far is a showcase of chicken and processed deli from KJ Poultry, another sign of the mega store’s courting some of the 300,000 summer Chasidic and Orthodox migrants in the celebrated Catskill Mountains. In every section of the huge food section of the store are kosher products, many in the kosher aisle, others scattered in frozen, refrigerated and even in a Klein’s Ice Cream special freezer showcase. Not to be outdone, the year-round kosher dominant Shoprite, just across the road, features an equally robust kosher selection, and of course, Yiddish signage.
In South Fallsburg, the parking lot for Landau’s Kosher Supermarket had already filled many times over with cars parked all along the road just beyond the store. This scene repeats itself in many of the Catskills kosher stores that by and large are having their best year ever. The numbers for sales over the 8-10 week summer period are hard to come by but guesses abounded from as low as $5 million to as high as $15

########
Rank: 22
Score: 44.11836
Retrieved Text: What are my options, and can I choose the program I want?
On a meal plan, what about Shabbat and Holiday meals?
Shabbat and Holiday meals are community meals held in Hewitt Hall (Barnard) and done in conjunction with Hillel. All Shabbat and Holiday meals are included in the Barnard Dining plan. Columbia kosher dining is closed Shabbat and Holidays. Columbia dining students may sign up for a Shabbat or Holiday meal for $15.50/dinner and $13/lunch. This option can be purchased from Barnard Dining Services.
Regardless of which kosher meal plan you choose, you must sign up for here Shabbat meals each week by Thursday at 12:00pm, at the latest. Holiday sign up will take place a few days in advance of each Holiday.
Can I eat at another dining hall if I want to?
There is a meal exchange allowing students on the meal plan to eat in either dining hall. Excluding Shabbat and Holidays, Columbia dining students can exchange lunch or dinner at Hewitt for an additional $4.00, paid in cash or dining dollars. Barnard dining students have a straight exchange.
Monday through Friday, Barnard offers kosher breakfast, in addition to lunch and dinner. Columbia offers brunch and dinner. Brunch at Columbia may only be exchanged for lunch at Barnard, while dinner at Columbia may only be exchanged for dinner at Barnard. Columbia students may purchase at Barnard with cash or dining dollars breakfast for $6.00, lunch for $10.75, dinner for $14.00 and Sunday brunch for $14.00.
Shabbat and Holiday meal times vary based on the calendar. Please check Shabbat Times.
Who

########
Rank: 23
Score: 43.870373
Retrieved Text: Good news for kosher observant Torontonians. After a spate of kosher restaurant closings, a new Glatt Kosher deli has opened this week in the Bathurst & Lawrence area: Ben & Izzy’s Deli.
As of today, they have chosen not to participate in COR’s Kosher Restaurant Month across most of Toronto’s Kosher restaurants, offering 10% off participating restaurants in May.
The process of turning the Negev bookstore into a kosher deli began last November, but dragged on as first-time restaurateurs Ben Venasio and Izzy Bernath became embroiled in the standard metropolitan red tape [in Toronto].
At a first glance, the sun-drenched space looks like a colourized photo of a ’50s diner, complete with checkerboard floor. Warm wood tables, a wooden bar top and exposed brick modernize the space.
On the southern wall, a shelving unit sits empty, but it will soon be adorned with jars of house-made soup (prepared by Venasio’s mom). The soups will be bottled using a pressure canner, which extends their shelf life, so customers can have a bowl of matzo ball soup ($6) at the diner and then stash a jar in the pantry for a rainy day.
While almost everything meat-related is smoked and cured in-house, a few jobs have been outsourced. The bread is sourced from Issac’s bakery down the street, but Venasio and Bernath have it made to their specs (they wanted a delicate spongy rye).
Bernath and Venasio decided to open the deli in response to what they saw as a dearth of certified kosher options available to them on their lunch breaks nearby.
The deli

########
Rank: 24
Score: 43.65445
Retrieved Text: Yanklowitz spoke on April 15 at a symposium titled “How Kosher is Kosher?,” as part of the “What Is Your Food Worth” series, hosted at Temple University and coordinated by its Feinstein Center for American Jewish History.
Rav Shmuly, as he’s known, burst onto the Jewish communal arena five years ago, after the scandal of Postville, Iowa, where federal agents conducted the largest immigration raid in United States’ history at the Agri-Processors kosher slaughterhouse. The agents rounded up illegal migrant workers who had been abused, threatened, and paid below-minimum wages. At the time, Agri-Processors slaughtered 60 percent of the nation’s kosher beef and 40 percent of the kosher chicken. Rabbinical students at the time, Shmuly and Ari Hart, had founded Uri L’Tzedek the year before, which then launched an international boycott, signed up 2,000 rabbis and community leaders, and demanded transparency in worker standards.
Uri L’Tzedek’s major contribution to Jewish social justice has been Tav HaYosher, an ethical seal certifying fair and just labor condition. Relying solely on volunteers in order to assure compliance, 100 food establishments now display the certification, and thereby declare that they provide their workers with a minimum wage at least, overtime payment and time off. Rav Shmuly said that one of Judaism’s greatest gifts to the world is Shabbat, incorporating the concepts of worker justice and animal welfare (giving both human workers and animals a day of rest), but a gap remains.
While the British philosopher David Hume famously declared that we care more about the stubbing of our toe than someone dying around

########
Rank: 25
Score: 43.54349
Retrieved Text: Please contact restaurant for available selection.
Romaine, tomato, green bell pepper, cucumber, mozzarella cheese, pepperoncini, and dressing.
Salami, grilled chicken breast, romaine, tomato, green bell pepper, cucumber, mozzarella cheese, pepperoncini, and dressing.
Smoked turkey breast, Virginia honey ham, romaine, tomato, green bell pepper, cucumber, mozzarella cheese, pepperoncini, and dressing.
Smoked turkey breast, Virginia honey ham and melted Monterey jack, served Fully Involved® with deli mustard, mayo, lettuce, tomato, onion, and a kosher dill spear on the side.
USDA Corned beef brisket and pastrami, melted provolone, mustard, mayo and Italian dressing.
Genoa salami, pepperoni, Virginia honey ham, melted provolone, Italian dressing and seasonings, served Fully Involved® with deli mustard, mayo, lettuce, tomato, onion, and a kosher dill spear on the side.
Smoked turkey breast, Virginia honey ham, pepper bacon, melted Monterey Jack, served Fully Involved® with deli mustard, mayo, lettuce, tomato, onion, and a kosher dill spear on the side.
Sauteed steak, melted provolone, sauteed onions and bell peppers, mayo and deli mustard.
Smoked turkey breast, melted Swiss, sauteed mushrooms, served Fully Involved® with deli mustard, mayo, lettuce, tomato, onion, and a kosher dill spear on the side.
USDA Choice roast beef, smoked turkey breast, Virginia honey ham, melted provolone, served Fully Involved® with deli mustard, mayo, lettuce, tomato, onion, and a kosher dill spear on the side.
USDA Choice beef brisket smoked for 16+ hours, melted cheddar and Sweet Baby Ray's BBQ Sauce.
Smoked turkey breast, and provolone. Served fully involved - mayo, deli mustard, lettuce, tomato, onion, and a kosher dill pickle on the side.
Virginia honey ham and provolone. Served fully involved - mayo, deli mustard, lettuce,

########
Rank: 26
Score: 43.357094
Retrieved Text: At Gelson’s, we are dedicated to providing a large selection of healthy and fresh food to satisfy all needs. For those of the Jewish faith who want food products that adhere to more stringent oversight, our stores offer an array of kosher products. Our kosher selections include well-known product brands like Coke and Starbucks as well as smaller brands that cater to the kosher lifestyle. Other kosher products include most beers and all fruits and vegetables.
Our supermarket features kosher products that are identifiable by an Israeli flag and other established symbols. Kosher labels and symbols typically vary from country to country so to help our customers we have “Guide to Kosher Symbols” booklet available at the front desk. The booklets contain more than 50 symbols used to identify kosher foods and products. For further assistance in finding kosher products, feel free to ask a Gelson’s associate.
As a kosher grocery store, we also offer our customers information about what kosher is and the meaning behind kosher food choices. Rabbi Eidlitz, founder of Kosher Quest teaches our staff about kosher foods so we can better answer your kosher-related questions.
One favorite kosher brand is Kosher Empire, which produces hen turkeys, chicken and USDA Choice Beef Brisket. The Kosher Empire brand not only focuses on providing kosher meats but also on making them as natural as possible without hormones or antibiotics, making it the brand to buy for your next main course.
Another popular pick is our kosher wine. We carry Yarden, Bartenura and Manischewitz. We also carry Baron Herzog, which

########
Rank: 27
Score: 43.20047
Retrieved Text: Brooklyn, 1988. Crime is rife, especially drugs and drug violence. A Russian thug is building his heroin trade, while everyone laughs at the cops. Brothers have chosen different paths: Joe has followed his father Bert into New York's Finest; he's a rising star. Bobby (Joaquin Phoenix), who uses his mother's maiden name, manages a club. Bobby too is on the rise: he has a new girlfriend (Eva Mendes) and a green-light to develop a Manhattan club. Joe and Bert ask him to help with intelligence gathering; he declines. Then, Joe raids Bobby's club to arrest the Russian. From there, things spiral out of control: the Russian puts out a hit on Joe, personal losses mount, and Bobby's loyalties face the test.
Katz's Delicatessen, also known as simply Katz's Deli, is a Jewish kosher style delicatessen on the Lower East Side of New York City, located at 205 E. Houston Street, on the south-west corner of Houston and Ludlow Streets, in Manhattan. Since its founding in 1888, it has become popular among locals and tourists alike for its pastrami sandwiches and hot dogs, both of which are widely considered among New York's best. Each week, Katz's serves 5,000 pounds of corned beef, 2,000 pounds of salami and 12,000 hot dogs.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 43.192596
Retrieved Text: You can call him Ariel Smith now. Chris Smith, the former Knicks point guard and J.R. Smith’s younger brother, is making a basketball comeback and is set to debut next week in the Israeli League for Ironi Nahariya after recently converting to Judaism. Smith became an Orthodox Jew.
Djerba is not a Jewish community to be pitied, but one to admire, and live up to. They have chosen to not only stay alive, but to thrive with a now 1500-strong comminuty on this ancient island.
Jew in the City Allison Josephs!
Allison is the special guest on WABC’s The Bernie and Sid Show. The hosts had her on to tell the truth behind the stereotypes about Orthodox Jews.
Seventy-five years after the Nazis deported Krakow Jews to concentration camps, descendants of survivors opened the Polish city’s first post-Holocaust kosher hotel. Hotel Polin opened last month but will have an official launch this weekend. The 38-room hotel has an in-house synagogue and elevators programmed for use on Shabbat without breaking Jewish Orthodox law.
The latest addition to the redevelopment of the neighborhoods around Wrigley is a kosher deli that is a celebration of Jews and America’s pastime — as well as a place where Jewish adults with intellectual disabilities can find meaningful work experience. Restaurateur and real estate investor Jeff Aeder recently opened Milt’s Extra Innings next door to his kosher Milt’s Barbecue for the Perplexed, which for five years has donated all profits to Jewish causes.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 43.166363
Retrieved Text: Iinm, kosher world doesn't actually make the food, they sell meals made by other caterers. Some will be chalav Yisroel, some won't.
Correct, i should have said the meals we were offered from the caterer they used weren't Chalav Yisrael.
Thanks so Mehadrin Beth Din is the best certification?
Also any other food options other than the 2 I found?
I'm not sure what kosher world has, but I think they sell Feigel's stuff. You can buy from Feigel's directly.
I'm not sure how you're looking to have the meals packaged, but there are plenty of delis and the like, like Moishe's.
He is not certified by the Beth Din.
Thank you, I'm going to reach out to them.
Friday night and Shabbat shul options for Cape Town? Staying at the Sea Point. I saw there was a fire at Morasha recently, anyone know if it impacted operations? Any shul has a small kiddush during the day?
Do they say vyatzmach purkanei?
They are currently operating from the Weizzman school hall, check their FB page for details.
NoThey are currently operating from the Weizzman school hall, check their FB page for details.
Thanks I will check it out. Any restaurant recommendations for take out food for shabbat?

================



======= Instance Index 1783 =========
Input Text: She wanted to try out her brand new hair dryer, but her hair practically dried on it's own before she got it out of the well packaged what?
Choose the most suitable option to answer the above question.
Options:
- bathroom
- trash
- drug store
- beauty salon
- box

Target Text: box

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 65.00016
Retrieved Text: Best Buy customers often prefer the following products when searching for Compact Hair Dryers.
Browse the top-ranked list of Compact Hair Dryers below along with associated reviews and opinions.
"It's good and tiny...It was very compact...This compact dryer is perfect for travel....I bought this hair dryer so I don't have to sleep with my hair wet at night, the first night I used it it dried my hair so fast"
"This compact dryer is perfect for travel."
"I Like the color...Very easy to use...compact and functional...I am a guy and rarely used a blow dryer but my new haircut really needs it works perfectly and it stores out of the way wheel I am done"
"Does a great job...My wife is happy...It's quick, quite and very compact....I purchased this hair dryer for my wife and she is happy as ever she says it will dry her hair in less than 5 minutes and she also drys our young daughter's hair which is really thick and it drys her hair in 8 to 12 minutes so Yasmin the product is Superior then any other hair dryer on the market"
"It's quick, quite and very compact."
"My wife loves it...Does a great job...Light, Compact and powerful!...I purchased this hair dryer for my wife and she is happy as ever she says it will dry her hair in less than 5 minutes and she also drys our young daughter's hair which is really thick and it drys her hair in 8 to 12 minutes so Yasmin the product is Superior then any other hair dryer on

########
Rank: 1
Score: 62.783997
Retrieved Text: Best Buy customers often prefer the following products when searching for Powerful Hair Dryers.
Browse the top-ranked list of Powerful Hair Dryers below along with associated reviews and opinions.
"My wife loves it...Does a great job...Great options, hot heat but not too hot, much colder air with cool shot, and super strong air strength....I purchased this hair dryer for my wife and she is happy as ever she says it will dry her hair in less than 5 minutes and she also drys our young daughter's hair which is really thick and it drys her hair in 8 to 12 minutes so Yasmin the product is Superior then any other hair dryer on the market"
"Does a great job...my wife loves it...Power is good and temperature is consistent....Didn't plan on purchasing a hair dryer at Best Buy but when I saw a quality brand at such a great price I figured id give it a try and see what I thought"
"It dries so fast...No damage for me...Powerful handy hair dryer...Didn't plan on purchasing a hair dryer at Best Buy but when I saw a quality brand at such a great price I figured id give it a try and see what I thought"
"It's good and tiny...It was very compact...I like the power it has....I bought this hair dryer so I don't have to sleep with my hair wet at night, the first night I used it it dried my hair so fast"
"Well worth the $...Cut dry time at half...Compact with folding handle and retractable power cord makes it easy

########
Rank: 2
Score: 57.62456
Retrieved Text: This post has been sponsored by the PRIMP Network. As always, all enthusiasm is my own.
I've always been fussy about my hair. When I was a teenager, I wanted highlights. My mother is not someone who spends a lot of time or money on her hair, so she vetoed this real quick. I couldn't drive, so I couldn't get to the store to buy a kit.
I did manage to talk her into a bottle of SunIn. That summer, I finally had my highlights! I was so thrilled to finally have a cool hair color.
My daughter watches me go to the salon and get red and blonde streaks in my hair, so of course she wants highlights too. She's 10-years-old and already growing up too quickly, so I'd like her to wait a few years before she starts with regular salon visits.
She wanted to use SunIn natural hair highlights, and I agreed. I knew her hair would look natural, so we spent an hour doing her hair last weekend.
SunIn is very simple to use. You'll need a bottle of SunIn, a comb, the sun or a hair dryer. Since it's March in Ohio, we don't have any sunshine right now, so we used a hair dryer.
SunIn works on wet hair, so wet your hair or wash it and towel dry it. I put a towel over her shirt so she didn't get wet and cold.
She wanted all over lighter color, so I sprayed all over. You don't need to soak the hair, but it should be damp

########
Rank: 3
Score: 57.471535
Retrieved Text: When Is A Good Time To Cut Your Hair?
This client has been coming to me for a short while now but on her last visit she expressed to me how she was not happy with her hair cut. First let me say that she went somewhere else to get her hair cut before she even started coming to me. However, I thought she was happy with her cut since she had gotten it so recently and on her initial visit to me she did not mention that she did not like it. Once it was curled and everything she thought it made her look like an old lady. She also mentioned that she was not really on the bandwagon of relaxer stretching either. This was all new news to me! I was under the impression that she wanted to grow her hair longer so I had her on track to stretch her relaxers out. When she told me she was not feeling that, I then suggested that she get her hair cut short so that she could get her relaxers more often.
I started off by cutting the hair into its general shape first. Once I did that, I the gave her a relaxer. After relaxing and neutralizing I set her under the dryer to get the hair completely dry. Once dried, I cut a little more to get it just right. I initially was going to cut it very short all over but she wanted to have enough hair to cover her forehead so I left

########
Rank: 4
Score: 55.18762
Retrieved Text: Leave it to Halle Berry to bring all the drama to the Oscars 2017 red carpet with help from a brand-new, mega-voluminous 'do. The actress showed off what we're calling her most dramatic tress transformation of all time—a gorgeous headful of voluminous ringlets—moments before taking her seat at the star-studded awards show.
And lucky for us, Berry's hairstylist, Castillo, filled us in on the natural-textured look just minutes before the actress hit the red carpet. "It's something so different, right?" Castillo told Allure on the phone mere minutes after perfecting the actress's curly style. "We wanted to bring out her natural texture, but also make it something that was red carpet-ready. When we were going through different hair trials, we fell in love with this organic, effortless, and very powerful look. She was still very true to herself."
In total, the curly style took about two hours to create, says Castillo, and it required lots of blow-drying, curling, and a jam sesh to Bruno Mars's new album. To get the look, the hairstylist added a volumizing cream (MOP C-Curl Defining Cream) to Berry's damp hair—from midshaft to the ends to create a little extra lift. From there, Castillo diffused the star's hair using the T3 Featherweight Luxe 2i Hair Dryer and the SoftTouch 2 Diffuser. Once Berry's hair was completely dry, Castillo started adding in the curls—in all different sizes and textures—using the T3 Twirl Convertible Curling Iron. The finishing touch? The MOP C-System Firm Hair Spray, which the hair pro spritzed throughout the style to hold the

########
Rank: 5
Score: 53.987278
Retrieved Text: The new Miley Cyrus short hair style has not been a hit with many of the young singer’s fans, but she does have at least one big supporter. Talk show host Ellen DeGeneres liked the new Miley Cyrus short hair style so much, she decided to try it out for herself. Ellen DeGeneres, of course, has been sporting her own signature short, blond hair style practically forever.
While the Ellen DeGeneres-Miley Cyrus Photoshop pic may be funny, some of the fan reactions to the new Miley Cyrus short hair cut have not been amusing at all. In response to some of the harsh and negative Tweets Miley Cyrus has been receiving over her new short hair style, the young star posted on her Twitter feed: “”I ? the BLOCK button. One of twitters finer qualities.” Her fans should beware, you know, considering Cyrus has already dramatically quit Twitter and deleted her account once before in a fit of pique. She even did a rap about. Really.
Yea, Ellen will support almost anything. Miley still looks like an a$$.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 53.60912
Retrieved Text: After hearing much feedbacks from very satisfied customers of Essensuals Bugis, I decided to give it shot! Went down with Valerie to get our hair done and my appointed stylist was Isabel. I've always yearned for soft shiny curly brown hair, but after the umpteen times of hair dying, bleaching and perming, my hair has become disastrous and I thought there was no way in fixing it. I've never wanted to further damage my hair by coloring, therefore, I lived with a golden dried up mane of disaster.
I asked Isabel if my hair was beyond repair. She felt my hay like hair and told me she'll cut off all the dried ends, give me a new coat of reddish brown and try her best to rescue my hair. After a short period of two to three hours of cutting, dying and treatment, for the first time in the last ten years, I finally got the color of my desire!! Not only that, I finally got soft naturally looking hair.
Even after one week, my hair still feels soft and the reddish brown coat of hair dye still looks extremely vibrant. I've always bun up my hair cause I was too ashamed to let it down because of the frizz. But now, I love letting my hair down all the time!! Thank you Essensuals Bugis!!
The Mythic Oil contains seven precious ingredients like citrus oil, argan oil, cypress oil, green tea oil, rice brand oil, cotton seed oil and linseed oil to repair, soften and revitalize all hair types,

########
Rank: 7
Score: 53.269966
Retrieved Text: Natasha B has several nicknames: Tash, Tasha, Naturallytash. Lately, she's been known as the Queen Of Temporary Hair Colors. Thanks to her about 84,300 Instagram followers, Natasha earned this royal moniker. For the past four years, she's been turning her natural, curly dark brown hair every color of the rainbow with temporary hair color products. One of our digital editors, Jihan Forbes, spotted her at CurlFest last month, and we've been living for her technicolor looks.
As we've mentioned before, bleaching and coloring natural hair can be a major undertaking. Rihanna's hairstylist Yusef even told Allure, "With rainbow hair color, sometimes you are playing with fire if your hair is already damaged, so you have to be very cautious." Natasha, who splits her time between Houston and New York City, has come up with a genius solution, though. She whips up her very own temporary hair colors, which she calls hair shadows. Four years ago, she started off Beyond The Zone's hair chalks in purple, red, and orange. Then, she tells Allure she moved onto experimenting with applying eye shadows from Wet n Wild and Maybelline to her hair. Two years ago, Natasha officially started making the coveted hair shadows.
"Hair shadows are better than actually dyeing your hair because they're no commitment and they cause zero harm to your hair," Natasha explains. "They are a fun way to play with many hair colors temporarily — without any worry of damage. Also, they're a great way to test out a hair color before taking the plunge of actually

########
Rank: 8
Score: 52.896606
Retrieved Text: Founder Sam Edwards puts her love of her new home in a bottle with a salt-infused haircare product.
When Edwards moved to Utah from England three years ago, she was blown away by its beauty. So much so that she essentially decided to try to share Utah with her friends by putting it in a bottle. With a strong design and marketing background, she was able to do just that.
"Before I had worked with home and kitchen products, just general products," says Edwards. "But when I moved to Utah and saw all of the amazing scenery and resources, I decided I wanted to manufacture something people would love, that was sustainable, but only by using products from the local area. Everything is from Utah."
The first product Saltitude West is starting with is Salt Hair Mist. "It repairs hair," explains Edwards. "The products are all natural, all local, and good for people. People may not fully understand that salt protects and nourishes. It contains minerals that are beneficial to hair by adding softness and body. It increases shine, reduces dandruff, and can absorb sweat from the scalp. It sounds contradictive, but we've done our research, and our customers have seen the results."
With The Great Salt Lake just a few miles from her home, Edwards certainly has a lot of raw material to choose from. But don't look for her down at the lake, digging up salt.
"We have a supplier in the local area that processes the salt for us," Edwards says. "[W]e need to ensure that our salt

########
Rank: 9
Score: 52.42529
Retrieved Text: It’s Friday which means I need to write a blog post. Yet my mind is blank.
Given I had a rather severe haircut this afternoon, I suspect my synapses may have been severed in the process. So I’ll tell you about my hair cut.
I don’t have much luck with my hair. It’s thick, wavy and defiant. Hairdressers always comment on how much hair I have and how much water it holds after it’s been washed. Yeah, yeah, there’s a reason I don’t straighten it or use a hair dryer. Takes too long.
So off I took myself to the local justcuts. Yes I know, cheap hairdresser, serves myself right. Anyway, I took little miss along with me as her fringe is way too long and she insists on having a haircut if any Hubby or I have one, plus she doesn’t let us wash her hair without full on kicking and screaming. The hairdresser has more luck. Part way through her cut, it was my turn for hair washing.
Then it was cut. I was asked how I wanted it cut. I wanted just below the jaw. Do I want layers? I dunno. Given the thickness of my hair we’ll go with them so it doesn’t end up boofy. Ok then.
She starts cutting…… and cutting……. and cutting…… and cutting……… and cutting. By the time she’d finished there was about 2kg of hair laying on the floor. And as my hair dried, it got shorter and shorter. Hmmm.. Did she mistake my jaw for my ears?
Ok. It’s much shorter than

########
Rank: 10
Score: 52.319805
Retrieved Text: The Long Hair Community Discussion Boards > Discussion Forums > The "Mane" Forum > my daughter's hair.
View Full Version : my daughter's hair.
lhc's influence has now got me playing with my 6 year old daughters hair. I put it in 2 pleats last night when it was damp after a hair wash and today she has gone off to school with the most beautiful wavy hair and a huge smile because she said she looked just like a princess. She looks adorable.
I'm trying to instill good hair habits for my girls early on. We use conditioner-only and comb gently around thee parts. Once my toddler is old enough she'll wear updos beyond just a ponytail (the baby was a baldy, so even at 21 months her hair is too short to put up yet!).
My 6 year old sister told me the other day that she want to grow her hair out "to [her] tippy toes!" She also always asks me to comb her hair with my "magic yak comb". I use a tibetian yak horn comb on my hair, and she says it's the only comb that doesn't hurt when her hair is combed with it. Kids are so cute!
aw how sweet! You can teach her young to take good care of it :D I wish my mom did that haha.
That is very cute! My Mom used to do that kind of thing for me as a child. It did make me love my long hair, and for the most part, my hair has been longer

########
Rank: 11
Score: 52.24817
Retrieved Text: White's YouTube channel began in 2008, when she chopped her hair off and vlogged the process of growing it back.
Mainstream hair care brands are scrambling to cater to a market they were previously satisfied to ignore.
The $2.7 billion industry for black hair products has seen a 7% increase since 2013, according to a 2015 report by market research firm Mintel, and "more robust growth" is predicted in the next five years.
Understanding how black consumers care for their hair is "more important than ever," says the report.
But earning the product loyalty of men and women of color is about more than marketing and R&D. It's about brand trust, something many big beauty corporations have very little of when it comes to black hair care.
Enter natural hair vlogger Whitney White, better known on YouTube as Naptural85.
As YouTube rakes in billions of views per day and magazine readership continues to dwindle, vloggers are quickly replacing high-powered beauty editors as a direct route from brand to customer.
With over half a million subscribers, 52 million video views, and endorsement deals with major brands like Carol’s Daughter (owned by beauty juggernaut L'Oréal), 29-year-old White is a driving force behind a drastic shift in black hair.
You might say she's the Michelle Phan of the "natural hair movement." And yes, it is a movement.
Pictured here with editor Deena Campbell, White won "Best Natural Hair Blog" at Essence's 2015 Best In Black Beauty Awards.
Like the '70s icons before them (think: Diana Ross, Pam Grier, Nina Simone) today's women are embracing their natural hair and taking

########
Rank: 12
Score: 52.116814
Retrieved Text: Infrared Hair Straighteners Promise Silkier Locks—But Do They Work?
The secret to healthy, shiny locks.
One week in, and Insta-famous makeup artist Katie Jane Hughes swears by it, and online reviewers are abuzz with its ease and results. We’re talking about straightening hairbrushes but specifically about one newly updated tool, in particular, which has a high-tech, time-saving, and shiny hair–imparting secret. The Brooklyn-based haircare and tool brand Amika has just released the 2.0 version of its best-selling Straightening Brush, and it has a superpower.
Straightening brushes gained popularity in the ’80s and ’90s for melding two tools into one to save time and effort. They fell out of fashion, but—like all things ’90s—are making a strong comeback, thanks in part to how much better they are for your locks compared to traditional hair straighteners. Amika’s Polished Perfection Straightening Brush was part of that resurgence, with the original launching in 2017 and quickly gaining a cult following. Fusing the power of a straightener with the ease of a hairbrush, this do-it-all tool straightens even the curliest of curls with just a simple swipe or two.
But it’s the brand’s new Polished Perfection Straightening Brush 2.0 that’s interesting to even non–straightening brush users. Featuring iRed beam technology, the tool can brush through hair even quicker, with smoother results. It may sound too good to be true, so here’s the science: The tool uses far infrared heat, which can permeate the hair shaft deeper for an instantly smoother and silkier look. (The form of heat used in popular infrared saunas, like Higher Dose.)

########
Rank: 13
Score: 51.902195
Retrieved Text: I was invited to try this new Hair chalk serve by L'Oréal Professionnel at Geetanjali Salon, Select City walk, Saket, couple of days ago. As I have never tried hair chalk on my hair, I was quite intrigued to try and see how it looks, moreover, as the service was at Geetanjali Salon, I couldn’t miss the opportunity since, I have already missed Geetanjali salon’s event when the salon was newly opened at Select City walk. The salon is located at level 2 though you can get this hair chalk service from any L'Oréal Professionnel affiliate salon.
Experience : My hair chalking was done by the hair stylist Amog, with whom I has a pleasant experience as she knew what exactly I wanted. The process started with the hair wash. Post the hair wash, I was all set to go. Before the service, I was quite in a dilemma whether I should go for a hair cut or just the streaking with the hair chalk, but then I decided to go for the hair cut first. Lately, I have lost quite a lot of volume therefore, my aim was to get a hair style that should add some extra layers/volume to my crown and top section to give an illusion of full head and I really appreciate that the stylist did exactly that. You see, I have had experiences where the stylist will just keep on nodding but would actually go ahead with his/her wish.
Anyways, after the haircut, she put some rollers on the layers and since

########
Rank: 14
Score: 51.314144
Retrieved Text: I’m in Utah and we literally rank #2 driest climate. Yes, we even beat Arizona.
Confession. I used a little blue hair dryer for literally 20 years! From the time I was 18, until I was 38! It was held together with electrical tape in it’s last days.
I upgraded and bought a fancy hair dryer. Like the $150 kind. Indeed it dries my hair faster (it’s like unto being in a wind tunnel) but it has definitely dried my hair out a bit and I’ve got a few complaints. The buttons on the handle are horribly designed so that when I hold the handle I’m constantly accidentally turning it off or changing the heat. My girls complain that it burns their head, and it typically leaves me with a bunch of tangles. It’s always falling off the counter, I take some responsibility for that – but it still drives me nuts. But it does dry my hair fast.
Panasonic reached out and asked us to review their “Nanoe™ Moisture Infusion Hair Dryer” with promises of increased moisture and shine. Since I’m a little underwhelmed with my current hair dryer I was game!
I’ve got LOADS of hair. The weather in Utah is hard on my hair and skin. Because it’s so dry here my hair can get really staticky (which is my biggest complaint about the dry weather). I use a leave in conditioner to help with that and even then my hair is still a bit dry.
It did take a bit more time to dry than my wind

########
Rank: 15
Score: 51.30441
Retrieved Text: Lol..but in my most recent blog, ‘Focus on God and Your Goals Girl’, I talked about what my future self would say to me at this very moment. I think the main message is pretty clear by the title, but you can check out that post here.
I wanted to do this post today, because yes these brands have my hair on fleek (are we still saying this lol?)!!!! If you follow me on Instagram or Twitter then you may see me talk about trying new hair products alot. These are the ones! However, I mainly wanted to do this post because I believe the woman behind these brands have been succesful because they chose to forgoe the distractions and opinion and to focus on God and their goals!
It’s not just important to me what a product does for my hair or how it’s packaged, but also the mission of the company. Although, i’ve never met any of these woman personally. I get nothing but postive vibes from how they carry themselves on social media and in their communities. I sense nothing but hardwork, dedication, and passion. This is why these brands have changed me for the better. Yes, they make my hair better too…but seeing other women achieve their dreams inspires me to pursure my dreams with the same fire and determination. Of course it’s hard work, but it is possible. These four brands have shown me that.
This brand was created by @nenecouturehair. I’m not sure how I discovered her page but I fell in love

########
Rank: 16
Score: 51.15767
Retrieved Text: Today’s review is of something I’m sure you’ve all heard of – Moroccanoil Hair Treatment. I’ve been aware of this for a while but not actually had a chance to try it till recently. Unfortunately my hair is a bit of a sore subject, it’s not in great condition at all so I’m willing to try anything that might help!
So firstly, a little bit of history behind the brand. Moroccanoil was founded by Carmen Tal – whilst travelling in Israel her hair became damaged after colouring, a friend then took her to a hair salon where she received an oil repair treatment for her badly damaged hair. She was so impressed with the treatment that she set up her own business to share the product with the rest of the world!
So that’s enough about what it should do. What did I think?
To be honest I was a bit dubious about putting oil on my hair, my hair is very fine and I just imagined looking like a greasy mess! I used a fairly small amount of oil (which smells divine by the way) and ran it through my damp hair after showering. After my hair had dried there was officially no greasiness! My hair felt softer and stronger and well conditioned. The scent wasn’t strong enough to hang around which is a shame, nevertheless this is definitely a great product, if your hair is a bit ‘knackered’ 🙂 you should definitely give Moroccanoil a go!
You can purchase Moroccanoil here.
Have you tried Moroccanoli? I’d love to hear

########
Rank: 17
Score: 50.764545
Retrieved Text: I am really happy with this product. They match my color really well.I am very satisfied with these.
Got my order quick and the hair looks BEAUTIFUL!!!!! I love it!!!
wouaou excellent hair very soft no tangle I am very very pleased with the hair quality will order again soon. fast shipping and seller helpful during marketing..
It matches my hair texture, but it's a wee little too shiny. I've never ever ordered a hairpiece before now. But I'm happy with this product. I would order again.
I dont want to wash my hair every day and there are times I havent wanted to go out because my hair looked so bad. So I started thinking about a wig. A I began looking at the wig review videos on YouTube and got hooked. Some of the wigs I saw demonstrated looked better than others, but the Eva Gabor Premium was one of the very natural looking ones, so I decided to give it a try. I guessed on the right color for me, which is perfect.
My mother wanted me to tell you THANK YOU SO MUCH. She loves her new hair and she looks beautiful. She is really happy with her purchase."

########
Rank: 18
Score: 50.63647
Retrieved Text: Hooray! Hooray! has started a new Salen novel!
Razor stood in the shower with the ice cold water slipping down his scarred back. The skin infection caused by the phaser suit was slowly healing, but it still burned painfully. Other than going to Sick Bay for drugs the cold water was the only thing that seemed to truly help. Putting his head under the soothing spray Razor ran his hands through his dark spiky hair. It felt so good to be clean again after litterally rotting towards death in the tight fitting uniform. Turning off the water Razor stepped out and gingerly dried his delicate skin.
Joanna stepped out of a hot shower and dried herself off. She glanced in the mirror and noticed how dark the circles under her eyes were. Sighing heavily she put on her uniform and pulled her hair back into a tight bun. She still had to wear the illusion generator when she wanted to roam the ship. Although Salen, Razor, and Toby knew who she was as far as the rest of the crew was concerned she was 'John' not Joanna.
"This is insane." Razor sighed as he walked down to the brig. "How did Vulcans get to be so damn complicated?"
The Black Diamond didn't have many holding cells since they didn't usually take more than a couple of prisoners, and even those didn't tend to live long. The forcefields were set so that Razor could see in, but the occupants couldn't see out. Before he reached Sybok he was forced to walk

########
Rank: 19
Score: 50.41449
Retrieved Text: Clawdeen Wolf has a gorgeous long hair and she has tried a bunch of different styles, but she got bored of them quickly. But she has heard that you were the best hairstylist in town and she really needs your help to give her an amazing hairdo that will make her feel fabulous! Use your imagination to create a brand new look for her. You can use a hair brush to manipulate the direction of each lock, a hair dryer to bring volume to her new style, but surely the best part has to be the scissors, which you can use to cut her hair and really give her an edge. There are no ore-made patterns, no rules, just your creativity put on display! But don’t worry if you think you made a mistake and cut too much, you can always use a special potion to make the hair grow back. You can also dye the hair in beautiful colors and change its texture. Have a blast!

########
Rank: 20
Score: 50.132565
Retrieved Text: Well, those of you who do not live in hair for a profession might not understand the curiosity to change one's hair, but I do, and I did. Nothing Permanent, I was just desperately curious to see what my little curly cue would look like with straight hair, well, here's the verdict. I first blow dried it, which only made it bigger, so then I took the flatiron to it, that did the trick, at least for a while. Her sides were only about shoulder length, but the back is super long! It is so amazing to look at her with tight curls above her shoulders all the time and then see how long her hair is really. Weird. After a few hours, the curl started to come back, all on it's own. Usually you have to wash your hair out after using a flatiron to get any curl back, but nope, couple of hours and it was retracting on it's own. Presley was so funny, she would get so frustrated with her hair because it was long and would hang over in her eyes. she would swiftly brush it back and roll her eyes as it fell back forward; hence the boppy pin. Then she was o.k. She seemed to be o.k. with the straight thing, but she did look weird at first. When Conner came around the corner of the room and saw her, he screamed and jumped, and asked " what happened to her?" Funny. And when dad came home his reaction was

########
Rank: 21
Score: 50.032787
Retrieved Text: There are less delightful stories out there and a lot of women struggle on their journey because of the negative comments from friends and fros. The idea behind the "Kiss My Kurls" t-shirt was to combat those negative comments. By uplifting those on their journey, who struggle with negative comments about their hair. Kiss My Kurls which is comparative to Kiss My A$$, tells the world that "I don't care what you think about my hair. It is on my head and not yours..so you can kick rocks!
Most of the bashing that I've received when it comes to my hair are from relaxed or weave haired women. I can't seem to figure out what it is that they have a problem with...Are they bashing my hairstyle, hair texture or overall look? But to be honest, the only opinion that matters is my own.
Corinne Bailey Rae said it best...."There's a lack of confidence when it comes to relaxing your hair. It's like you're saying, 'My hair is not right in some way.' As though other people will think it's weird, or that you won't fit in."
It takes a lot of confidence, patience and courage to go natural. We not only have to deal with negative comments from those around us but the struggle of caring for our new found hair. Finding a style that suits our face, mastering the art of twisting, tucking and knotting, and finding products that work for our hair texture. If these women knew what we really went through, I believe they would

########
Rank: 22
Score: 49.975937
Retrieved Text: Leslie is amazing! She is honest and professional. My hair had been butchered by other stylists. I went to Leslie for help with my curls because they hadn’t been the same in years. She listened to my needs and wants and took very good care of my hair. I was very impressed and left feeling beautiful and happy. Thank you Leslie!
Finding a good hair stylist in New York is hard; especially if you have curly hair. After living in New York for 2 years, I was tired of getting bad hair cuts. Looking up different salons was exhausting - but when I came across Leslie, I knew I had to try her. I couldn't be more pleased! She is kind, professional, personable and really listens to what you want. Before going in, Leslie really likes to know what type of curls you have. She asks for pictures of your curls and what your expectations are. You truly feel that your time at the salon is for you. She makes sure you don't leave until you are happy with what she has done. I asked for color, which I was nervous about and she reassured me every step of the way that it would look great. I'm so beyond happy with my cut and color. I'm excited to return for my second cut and see how my hair continues to transform!
I've been coming to Leslie for over 15 years, I think that already speaks volumes. What can I say she does what I ask and always does

########
Rank: 23
Score: 49.776237
Retrieved Text: Writer Margaux Henquinet has her hair cut for donation at Restoration Salon.
In early December, after one round of intensive chemotherapy for cancer, Christine Adley started to lose her hair. And it came out bad, she said.
When the 23-year-old Chicagoan went to the American Cancer Society wig bank at the University of Illinois-Chicago hospital, she thought she would be getting another synthetic wig, like the two she already had, one black, one purple. But she was surprised when she was offered a different option: wigs made out of real human hair.
After trying on about six wigs, she chose a brown, just-above-the-shoulders wig, which she said she picked because it was made from real hair, and because it was a departure from her usual look of long, black hair—“I stepped on the wild side,” she said.
If you’re a long-haired person, chances are that the time will come when you want to cut off all those inches, for a new-job cut, a breakup cut or just a plain old I-want-a-makeover cut. What’s going to happen to that hair? It could end up on the floor, then in the trash. Or, if you send it to a program that turns donated hair into wigs, it could get a new life with someone who, because of cancer, burns, the autoimmune disease alopecia or another cause, doesn’t have hair of their own.
Writer Margaux Henquinet's hair sits after being cut for donation at Restoration Salon.
Every hair donation organization operates a little differently, but the general process is the same. Donors send in ponytailed

########
Rank: 24
Score: 49.55205
Retrieved Text: It helped achieve a salon-worthy style in minutes!
Mornings are usually a stressful affair for me. Whether I've slept through my alarm clock or just waited until the last minute to roll out of bed, getting ready for the day can be rough.
That's why I'm constantly on the hunt for products that cut down the time I need to spend on my morning routine.
When I heard about the Dafni ceramic straightening brush, it sounded like the perfect solution to my early morning lethargy.
With the push of a button, the brush heats up to 365 degrees in less than a minute. Then, it can straighten strands in one stroke.
The first time I used the tool, it was easy. I was able to comb through my hair the way I would with any other hair brush, but the heat transformed my air-dried, disheveled locks into a smooth style that looked like a professional blowout. The whole process was fast (around 5 minutes) and I found I got the best results brushing from underneath.
I have shoulder-length, relatively straight hair, so I enlisted the help of some co-workers with longer, curlier hair to try it out as well.
TODAY Editor Bryanna Cappadona took the brush for a spin. She has longer, curly hair that she straightens on occasion. Cappadona said she was definitely impressed by the brush's speed and some of the features that set it apart from a traditional straightening iron. "You can get really close to your root," Cappadona said of the brush's ability to combat the dreaded straightener crease.
She

########
Rank: 25
Score: 49.41831
Retrieved Text: The Long Hair Community Discussion Boards > Discussion Forums > The "Mane" Forum > Who had long hair before BDs?
View Full Version : Who had long hair before BDs?
I've only used a blowdryer about 5 times in my entire life. It just seems like an awful waste of time to sit around drying it when it'll dry by itself with no help from me.
I had nearly TB hair before hair dryers. Then I had TB hair still, after I used a blowdryer once and came to the same intelligent conclusion that DBF did, namely, that hair will dry quite satisfactorily on its own.
yeah i have as a child but I have vivid memories of my father making me sit close to the coal fire, turning me periodically until my hair dried, so still used heat!
As DBF said, there doesn't seem to be much point in making that much effort to do something to your hair that it will do quite effectively on its own.
I've also never used rollers on my hair. I was given a curling iron as a high school graduation present, and used it maybe half a dozen times, total, and then only to try and curl my bangs. It didn't seem to do much, except burn my forehead.
It all seems rather silly to me - hair will dry on its own, bangs will stay back much more quickly and easily with a couple of bobby pins, etc.
I'm not quite sure what people mean when they say they save the hair dryer for "special

########
Rank: 26
Score: 49.371544
Retrieved Text: Getting short hair done can be quite difficult and should be done by a professional, so when I was switching from long curls to short hair, I had to ask around for a really good hair stylist.
I had admired a lot of my friend’s short hair and they all praised Aunty Bisi who works at Fasino, so I decided to try her out.
Fasino is a female only salon. Independent stylists man their stands and pay the owner of Fasino to use the stalls, just like Hair planet. Typical services done at Fasino include braiding, fixing, mani and pedis.
There is parking for about 3 cars and street parking is also available.
The interior of Fasino is alright although quite small; one washing stand, one standing hair dryer, numerous hand dryers, etc. There was no electricity when I visited but the standby generator was on.
My friends particularly directed me to Aunty Bisi, so I was excited to see she was less busy. She is a mobile stylist as she also does home services.
I showed her the hairstyle of my choice and she assured me of recreating the same look. She also got the weave I needed for the look and it cost 2,000 NGN. One of her ladies washed my hair and it was really soothing. Blow drying was just there and pretty quick. She also braided my hair while Aunty Bisi did the sewing and styling.
Aunty Bisi is a Pro with short hair. She was ultra-careful while cutting the weave. I even complained she was too slow because

########
Rank: 27
Score: 49.330254
Retrieved Text: make it perfect: .She did it.
Today I was doing a quick stint of sewing (if I want to sew during the day I have to take 5 minute spurts here and there when I am lucky!) and she came into me and said, "Look at my hair Mum. Isn't it beautiful." This is not an uncommon thing for her to randomly say to me and I absent mindedly replied, "it is Lil, I love your hair." A few minutes later I had to go to my bedroom for something and as I walked up the hallway I noticed long clumps of hair along the way. It wasn't until I reached my bedroom and saw a big pile of beautiful blonde locks on the floor that I realised what had happened.
I didn't think I would react the way I did, but it was like my heart stopped beating for a moment and I started yelling, "No Lil, no! It is NOT beautiful hair!!"
Haha, I'm laughing at myself now. It was terribly dramatic - I may have exclaimed that it was the worst day of my life and I even started to cry!!! Which made her start to cry (alot) and when we asked her what was wrong with her she said, "I just want my Mum to be happy again"
After a helpful phone call from my hairdresser friend, Pip, I think I am just going to leave it for a little while. I don't want to cut her hair all off - it will be so short

########
Rank: 28
Score: 49.28943
Retrieved Text: Demi Lovato: Check Out My New Hair!
Looking to change up her look a bit, Demi Lovato took a trip to her hair stylist for a brand new stylish do.
The Skyscraper songstress took to her Twitter account to share a flirty selfie along with the brief-but-thrilling caption, New hair!!!!
And while Demi may be happy with her latest choice in coif, it seems she may try out something new before too long.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 49.211334
Retrieved Text: I gave Chance his first bath at our house as he has been romping in the mud. He was less than thrilled, but it wasn't too bad for a first. The dryer was a completely different experience. He will let me towel dry him to my heart's content, seems to enjoy the full body rub-down. But we was all over the place when the air hit him.
What is the best method of introducing a young puppy to the forced air drying? Is there a good way to ease them into this or do you just put them on the grooming table and insist? I want to keep the experience as upbeat as possible.
This is what we did with Ursa when she was a puppy. At supper time, we would take the hair dryer and put it on the floor several feet away from her bowl and turn it on low. We would then feed her. As she got used to it, we would move it closer. It took about two weeks for her to get used to it.
Simba learned the blow dryer in a similar way. I had it out first but switched off and later running while we were doing the towel drying. He got used to it slowly, I avoided forcing him to take the blow dryer but every time he showered I insisted that it was around then that it was on and finally I gradually used it longer and longer.
He never he really likes being blow dried and I have to control

================



======= Instance Index 3906 =========
Input Text: He was eating a roast beef sandwich on his sofa bed and spilled what spicy spicy sauce on it?
Choose the most suitable option to answer the above question.
Options:
- texas
- guest room
- horseradish
- living room
- basement

Target Text: horseradish

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 64.88594
Retrieved Text: If you enjoy eating sweet and spicy foods then this is the dish for you!
My Korean Bulgogi Steak Sandwich consist of chuck roast marinated in grated pear, spicy Asian sauces and lots of spices.
The end results is fork tender chuck roast that is smothered in a sweet and spicy Bulgogi sauce.
I must admit when I first tried Bulgogi I was immediately hooked!
I couldn’t put my finger on what was making this spicy dish so sweet and then I found out it was none other than Asian pear.
I was so hooked on this dish I was driving a really long distance to get Asian pears from the Asian market.
When I don’t have Asian pears available I go with regularly pears but the Asian pears give a better flavor.
I marinated my meat in the refrigerator overnight then I cooked it in the slow cooker on high for 5 hours.
You can easily prepare this in the oven covered with foil at 375 for about 4-5 hours.
The major success of this dish is Asian pear and marinating the meat.
I promise you that you will be hooked on this meat!
It’s not overly sweet, it’s actually the perfect amount of sweetness and the spice is just right!
I not only covered the meat with the meat juices, I used the juice to dip my sandwich in like a French Dip!
This sandwich is a 10!
Mix spice blend and brown sugar together and set aside.
Coat roast in olive oil, rub well.
Rub roast with seasoning blend.
Mix soy sauce, sesame oil, chili paste, sriracha and rice wine

########
Rank: 1
Score: 58.688908
Retrieved Text: You might want to sit down. This could take a while. We took the best of the Italian meats – pit-smoked ham, salami, and pepperoni, sliced them up thin, then stacked them higher than feasibly possible with melted Provolone cheese. But we didn’t stop there. We piled banana peppers, lettuce, tomato, and red onion on there too, and drizzled it all with a red wine vinaigrette, topped with garlic aioli, all on a toasted Italian roll. OK, you can get up now.
This Double Roast Beef has two times the amount of our signature roast beef on it than the Roast Beef Classic. Perfect for those times when you’re twice as hungry or would just like too much roast beef on a one sandwich.
Let Arby’s introduce you to the largest roast beef sandwich we’ve ever made, The Half Pound Roast Beef. We just kept adding more of our signature roast beef until the bottom bun could barely stand it anymore.
People said there was no way Arby's roast beef sandwich could get even better. We took our famous roast beef, topped it with Cheddar cheese sauce and zesty Red Ranch and served it on a toasted onion roll. And then we said "I told you so."
Arby’s Double Beef ‘n Cheddar features double the amount of tender roast beef as Arby’s Beef ‘n Cheddar Classic. This is great news for people who are tired of buying two Beef ‘n Cheddar Classics, then moving all the roast beef, cheddar cheese sauce, and Red Ranch onto one onion roll.
Prepared freshly when

########
Rank: 2
Score: 56.744785
Retrieved Text: Tenderloin chicken chunks marinated with water chestnut powder in spicy brown sauce. Served with white rice. Hot and spicy.
Served with your choice of side and pork fried rice. Hot and spicy.
Slices of chicken dipped in lotus flour and fried then mixed in an exquisite sesame sauce. Served with white rice.
Served with your choice of side and pork fried rice.
Lemongrass soup. Hot and spicy.
Soft noodles. Hot and spicy.
Served with 3 omelette cakes and white rice.
Shrimp, chicken and roast pork mixed with Chinese vegetables served with four crispy wontons on top. Served with white rice.
Sliced chicken, stir-fried with garden greens in special Hunan-Szechuan mixed sauce. The sauce makes this dish amazing and excellent. Served with white rice. Hot and spicy.
Chunks of chicken pan-seared to perfection with diced orange peels and flecked with garlic and ginger. Served with white rice. Hot and spicy.
Sliced chicken with chunks of pineapple, carrots and bok choy sauteed in clear Mandarin sauce. Served with white rice.
An excellent presentation of pork with black bean sauce and accompanied by shrimp with hot spicy sauce. It shows you a perfect balance of separation. Served with white rice. Hot and spicy.
A combination of jumbo shrimp, roast pork and white meat chicken with vegetables in brown sauce on top of a bed of crispy fried noodles. Served with white rice.
A combination of jumbo shrimp, lobster meat, beef, roast pork and white meat chicken all sauteed with mixed vegetables in a special sauce. Served with white rice.
A seafood lover's favorite. Fresh jumbo shrimp, lobster meat, scallops and crab meat with

########
Rank: 3
Score: 56.3588
Retrieved Text: Spicy shrimp tempura with avocado, cucumber and tobiko roll topped with thinly sliced eel and drizzled with unagi sauce. Spicy.
Fried, steamed or pan seared.
Tuna and cucumber with spicy mayo sauce. Spicy.
Salmon and cucumber with spicy mayo sauce roll. Spicy.
Crab stick, cucumber and avocado roll.
Spicy tuna, spicy salmon and spicy hamachi rolls. Spicy.
Served with pork fried rice or boiled rice and your choice of appetizer. Spicy.
Served with pork fried rice or boiled rice and your choice of appetizer.
A fine mixture of salmon, tomatoes, onion and cilantro in homemade spicy mayo. Served with fried wonton chips. Spicy.
Japanese style fried vegetables in a light batter.
Japanese style fried shrimp and vegetables in a light batter.
Spicy broiled scallops mixed with crab sticks, tobiko and cucumber. Spicy.
Broiled neck of a yellowtail fish, served with teriyaki and ponzu sauce.
Egg rolls, boneless ribs, chicken fingers, chicken wings, crab rangoons, fried shrimp and beef teriyaki.
Two piece egg rolls, boneless ribs, six piece chicken fingers, four piece chicken wings, six piece crab Rangoon, two piece fried shrimp and two pieces of beef teriyaki.
1 piece egg roll, boneless spare ribs, 4 chicken wings and 2 pieces of beef teriyaki.
1 egg roll, 6 pieces of crab Rangoon, 6 piece chicken fingers and 2pieces of fried shrimp.
Boneless spare ribs, four chicken wings, 6 chicken fingers and 2 pieces of beef teriyaki.
A Korean bouillabaisse made with an assortment of fresh fish, tofu and shrimp. Spicy.
Choice of regular noodles or flat rice noodles.
Octopus with a mixture of cucumber, crab sticks and flying fish roe in homemade spicy mayo. Spicy.
Pan seared black

########
Rank: 4
Score: 56.182545
Retrieved Text: Includes four beef on a stick.
Union of chicken, beef, shrimp and a few vegetables.
Chunks of crispy duck in special brown sauce.
Ten ingredients. Fresh sliced shrimp, chicken, pork, crab meat, black mushroom and vegetables sauteed in hunan chef's special sauce. Spicy.
Prawns, fresh scallops, sliced beef, white meat chicken and Chinese vegetables sauteed with chef's special sauce.
Chunks of chicken breast lightly fried with hot bean sauce. Spicy.
Fresh scallops sauteed with black mushrooms, broccoli and red peppers in house special sauce.
Tender fillets of marinated beef delicately sauteed and seasoned. Spicy.
Crispy jumbo shrimp and scallops sauteed with special sauce created by our chef.
Scallop, shrimp, beef, chicken, roast pork and mixed vegetables in chef's special sauce.
Succulent jumbo shrimp served over a high flame, seasoned with a gentle touch of ginger sauce and sprinkled with honey walnuts.
Hot fresh scallops and shrimps sauteed with water chestnuts and woodears in hot and spicy garlic sauce. Spicy.
Sauteed filet of chicken with fresh vegetable and on the right side is general tso's chicken.
A special noodle, mixed with our special marinated beef.
Union of beef, chicken, shrimp and a few vegetables.
Shredded beef deep fried and sauteed with celery and carrot in home made sauce. Spicy.
Shredded chicken deep fried and sauteed with celery and carrot in home made sauce. Spicy.
Breast of deep fried in batter served with a classic sweet and sour sauce.
Served with shrimp, chicken and roast pork.
Served with shrimp and roast pork.
Rice noodles with bean sprout, chicken, shrimp, egg and crushed peanuts. Spicy.
Served with shrimp and roast pork. Spicy.
Served only 11: 00 am. - 3: 00 pm.
Breast

########
Rank: 5
Score: 55.486595
Retrieved Text: Each boxed sandwich order Includes your choice of a fresh-made gourmet sandwich, potato salad, and a cookie.
Also included with every box lunch are condiments (mayo, hot sauce, mustard), salt, pepper, fork, knife, spoon and napkin all neatly packaged in our elegant recyclable boxes, providing a full sophisticated place setting for a casual meal and simple clean up.
All Box Lunches must be ordered 48 hours in advance. Call for pricing.
Boxed lunches come with a cookie and potato salad or chips.
Roc’s New York – Boars Head’s best New York corned beef or pastrami & imported Italian provolone cheese. Take a trip back in time to the classic delis of New York City with this big sandwich.
o Big Beef – Boars Head’s top round roast beef, fresh chèvre, onions, and our house made vinaigrette. Classic roast beef with a wonderful modern twist.
o Spicy Ham - Boars Head’s classic baked tavern ham, sliced tomatoes, soft cheese, fresh mozzarella, hot peppers and siracha. Not for the faint of heart, this one is spicy.
o Veggie – Freshly made mozzarella, tomatoes, pesto and olive mix, peppadews from South Africa, and imported Italian artichoke hearts. Hearty and filling.
o Ty’s Turkey – We start with Boars Head’s delicious Roast Turkey and dress the sandwich with fresh chèvre, sweet peppadew peppers from South Africa and marinated imported Italian artichoke hearts.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 55.429077
Retrieved Text: French Dip Meaty slices of roast beef topped with melted provolone cheese — served with a hearty Au jus for dipping. Chef Jeff is our go to person for meals at Dermatology Group of the Carolinas. I have bought meals from Chef Jeff almost four years. We regularly update our recommended products as well adding new product lines to the range. Do you feel like you've forgotten the true taste of a sandwich?. See more ideas about Pannini sandwiches, Paninis and Panini recipes. Southwestern Roll-Up Your choice of smoked turkey or roast beef rolled in a flour tortilla with cheddar cheese and a zippy salsa sauce.
Look out for the highlighted items on each menu. No Stingy Sandwiches Here How many times have you been assured a sandwich of substance? Warm dishes will be served in disposable chaffing dishes, if needed, so they remain hot, surrounded by your additional selections. Cajun Chicken Spicy Cajun chicken slices topped with Swiss cheese and sautéed onion relish with a smoky onion mayo. They have been a Godsend for me in my situation. We got excellent service and value for our money.
Shredded Chicken Taco Spicy shredded chicken and cheddar cheese wrapped in a flour tortilla with crisp lettuce and juicy tomatoes. Thank you Chef Jeff for all of the delicious meals and desserts I have enjoyed. The promised hearty portion of meat is practically non-existent. But, when it arrives, you are sorely disappointed. Maui Pulled Pork Flavorful slow-roasted pork shredded and topped with pineapple Cole slaw on a sweet Hawaiian roll.
Polynesian

########
Rank: 7
Score: 55.27808
Retrieved Text: 419 S. College Road, Wilmington, NC 28403 Welcome to Our Chinese Restaurant – Szechuan132 Wilmington Chinese Restaurant Szechuan132 was fathered by Joseph Hou, on October 8, 1988. During a visit to Wilmington in early 1988, Joseph fell in love with the local “collard green & grits” way of life and decided this was the place to raise his children and to prepare them to lead meaningful lives. Wilmington afforded him the opportunity to satisfy both his family needs and his desire to enjoy a quieter lifestyle. He has never looked back, nor regretted his decision. We are honored to reach this extraordinary 28 year milestone shortly. We could never have achieved this without the love, dedication and passion of our family and friends, who helped create so many cherished and unforgettable memories. Thank you again for these wonderful 28 years of help, support and encouragement. HERE’S TO MANY MORE.
Spicy! General Tso's favorite. Chunks of marinated chicken crisply fried with bell peppers, baby corn and broccoli in our special spicy & tangy sauce. White meat available for an extra charge.
Egg Noodles, Carrots, Onion, Scallions, Napa Cabbage Leaves Stir-Fried with your choice of Chicken, Beef, Veggies, or Roast Pork, Shrimp or Combo.
Chicken broth used in all soups unless otherwise specified.
Shrimp wonton, seasonal baby greens in light chicken broth.
Seasonal baby veggies in a light veggie broth.
Creamy corn chowder with chicken.
House baby greens tossed with homemade kung paonese creamy ginger dressing.
Stir-Fried 301 Rice, Eggs, Onions, Peas and Carrots with your choice of Chicken (Dark Meat), Beef, Pork, Vegetables, Shrimp or

########
Rank: 8
Score: 54.385696
Retrieved Text: For any order with Credit Card Payment, Minimum order is $10.00.
8 pieces. Pan fried or steamed. Vegetarian.
8 pieces. Pan fried or steamed.
Szechuan style. Served with white rice. Vegetarian. Spicy.
Chicken, shrimp and pork. Served with white rice.
Includes pork fried rice and egg roll.
Includes egg roll. No rice. Spicy.
Includes egg roll. No rice.
Includes pork fried rice and egg roll. Spicy.
Includes choice of rice and egg roll.
Includes choice of rice and egg roll. Spicy.
Broccoli, carrots, bok choy, corn, straw mushrooms, red pepper and green pepper in white sauce. Steamed without oil, sauce on the side and choice of sauce.
Bean curd, straw mushrooms, black mushrooms, sliced brown mushrooms, snow peas, carrots and broccoli in brown sauce. Steamed without oil, sauce on the side and choice of sauce.
Bean curd with imitation crabmeat, broccoli, carrots and corn in brown sauce. Steamed without oil, sauce on the side and choice of sauce.
Bean curd with carrots, bamboo shoots and broccoli. Steamed without oil, sauce on the side and choice of sauce.
Bean curd with carrots, broccoli, black and mushrooms in brown sauce. Steamed without oil, sauce on the side and choice of sauce.
Steamed without oil, sauce on the side and choice of sauce.
Shrimp, chicken and beef with mixed vegetables. Steamed without oil, sauce on the side and choice of sauce.
Broccoli, string bean and snow peas in brown sauce. Steamed without oil, sauce on the side and choice of sauce.
A delicious blend of lobster meat, chicken, pork and jumbo shrimp sauteed with a variety of Chinese vegetables in a brown sauce. Served with white rice.
A classic

########
Rank: 9
Score: 53.92841
Retrieved Text: Kanom Jeep– Thai style dumplings with minced pork, prawns, water chestnuts and mushrooms. Steamed and served with a sweet soy sauce.
Gung pat prik – King prawns lightly cooked with Thai herbs, chillies and red peppers.
Gang kio warn gai – Hot green chicken curry with aubergines fresh basil.
Pat pak namman hoi – A selection of fresh green vegetables in oyster sauce.
Sate’ – Tender slivers of chicken marinated in our own special sauce.
Bed Tord Grob – Crispy fried duck served with tamarind sauce and crispy kale.
Ner Loy Far – ‘Heavenly Beef’ Very tender marinated beef in a light sauce with a hint of star anise, served on a bed of crispy morning glory.
Gang Kio Warn Gai – Hot green chicken curry with pea aubergines and Thai basil.
Pat Pak Namman Hoi – A Selection of green vegetables in oyster sauce.
Dessert– Ice cream and sorbet with fruit salad.
Platter of mixed seafood – grilled Emperor prawns, crispy garlic squid, prawns in crispy pancakes and spicy Thai fish medallions- all with their own sauces.
Sie Sar Hai – ‘The Four Comrades’ A magnificent, garnished dish of mange tout, squid and king prawns lightly saute’ed with chillie and spices.
Pla Nung – Steamed wild sea bass with ginger, celery, coriander and pickled plums.
Pat pak namman hoi– A selection of fresh green vegetables in oyster sauce.
Tord Mun – Spicy Thai fish medallions.
Ner Pat Namman Hoi – Top side of Welsh beef with Thai mushrooms and Welsh leeks in oyster sauce.
Gang kio warn Gai – Hot green chicken curry with aubergines and fresh basil.
A platter of mixed

########
Rank: 10
Score: 53.751293
Retrieved Text: Steamed Chicken & Shrimp w.Mixed Veg.
Diced chicken stir-fried w.Diced broccoli,waterchestnuts w.peanuts in a spicy brown sauce.
Breast chicken sauteed w.broccoli,mushroom,baby corn,red pepper,waterchestnuts,tiger lily in hot spicy szechuan sauce.
Shredded White Meat Chicken with Shredded celery, carrots, water chestnuts, and tiger lily with delicious hot, spicy garlic sauce.
Jumbo shrimp,beef,chicken sauteed w.broccoli,mushroom,napa,bamboo shoot,carrots,snow peas, baby corn & waterchestnuts in special brown sauce.
Fresh scallops,jumbo shrimp,crab meat,chicken,beef,roast pork sauteed w.broccoli,snow pea,baby corn,mushroom,napa in our special sauce.
Jumbo shrimp,fresh scallops,crab meat,sauteed broccoli,napa,waterchestnuts,mushroom,snow peas,bamboo shoots,baby corn in house special white sauce.
Strips of white chicken breast coated with lotus flour, quickly fried until crispy brown with a delicious honey sauce.
Strips of white chicken breast dipped in a light batter & quick fried to a crispy perfection w.spicy tengy delicious sauce and jumbo shrimp w.onion,green pepper,in hot chili sauce.
Jumbo shrimp w.Chinese Vegetables in white sauce and sliced beef w.mixed vegetables in brown sauce.
Jumbo shrimp,chicken,roast pork,beef,w.mixed vegetables in rich brown sauce.
Sliced tenderloin sauteed with onion,green onions in brown sauce.
Shredded White Meat Chicken with Shredded celery, onions, green peppers, and carrots with delicious hot, spicy sauce.
Shredded pork w. shredded celery ,carrots,water chestnuts,tiger lily,sauteed in hot spicy Szechuan sauce.
Sliced tender pork cooked twice w.cabbage,green pepper, and red pepper in chef's special spicy brown sauce.
Combination of Chicken,Roast Pork & Shrimp w.Veg.
L15 Roast Pork w.Mixed Veg.
Combination of chicken,shrimp,roast pork w.veg.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 53.620464
Retrieved Text: Order a sandwich, wrap, or calzone for a quick, easy lunch!
We've got ham, turkey, roast beef, salami, provolone, and veggies too. Choose from nearly a dozen cheeses and maybe some spicy buffalo sauce too. Call ahead from home or the office, let us know what time you're going to get here, and we'll have your order bagged and ready to go when you arrive!

########
Rank: 12
Score: 53.369003
Retrieved Text: *1 order per each lunch special ordered.
House subs are served with cheese. All subs upon request: your choice of tomatoes, lettuce, onions, mayonnaise, vinaigrette, spicy Pungo Sauce, spicy brown mustard or chipotle mayonnaise.
Toppings (per slice) - $0.29 ea.
Our homemade mixture of ziti, ricotta, and meat sauce topped with mozzarella cheese and baked to perfection. Served with a breadstick.
Our very own alfredo sauce topped over a bed of fettucine. Served with a breadstick.
Four cheese stuffed ravioli with homemade marinara sauce. Served with a breadstick.
Spaghetti served with marinara sauce.
Pick one of our homemade soups to be served with your choice on a Kaiser roll: Ham, turkey, roast beef, tuna, or chicken salad served with cheese and your choice of tomatoes, lettuce, onions, mayonnaise, spicy brown mustard, or chipotle mayonnaise.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 53.125404
Retrieved Text: Half tender roast duck with 5-spice flavor and crispy outside.
BBQ ribs, fantail shrimp, beef teriyaki, egg rolls and chicken wings.
Served with your choice of wonton or egg drop soup, an egg roll and pork fried rice.
Spiced to your taste, served with your choice of wonton or egg drop soup, an egg roll and pork fried rice.
Tender chicken lightly breaded with garlic and red pepper in spicy brown sauce. Spicy.
Tender sliced beef with garlic and red pepper in spicy sauce with orange flavor. Spicy.
Tender chicken in garlic and pepper flavored sauce topped with peanuts. Spicy.
Tender squid in garlic and pepper flavored sauce topped with peanuts. Spicy.
Diced soybean curd with minced pork in spicy sauce. Spicy.
Sliced tender pork cooked with hot red pepper sauce. Spicy.
Large succulent shrimp with mushrooms and green pepper skillfully blended in spicy Szechuan sauce. Spicy.
This is chef's special. It consists of jumbo shrimp, scallops, squid, green pepper, snow peas, bamboo shoots and mushrooms sauteed in hot spicy sauce. Spicy.
Tender beef and assorted vegetables with Oriental spices. Spicy.
Tender sliced chicken stir fried in spicy garlic sauce. Spicy.
Tender sliced pork stir fried in spicy garlic sauce, spiced to your taste.
Tender beef sliced in spicy garlic sauce. Spicy.
Jumbo shrimp in spicy garlic brown sauce. Spicy.
Fresh chunks of scallops in spicy garlic sauce. Spicy.
Shredded pork, egg, bamboo shoots and Chinese vegetables, served in 4 of our homemade Chinese pancakes.
Chicken, egg, bamboo shoots and Chinese vegetables, served in 4 of our homemade Chinese pancakes.
A delicious array of roast pork, duck, chicken, shrimp and blended Chinese vegetables, served with crispy

########
Rank: 14
Score: 53.110966
Retrieved Text: Served with spicy rotini pasta.
Served on a classic sesame hero.
Served on a sweet semolina roll.
Always the corner piece! Topped with ricotta.
Char-siu-style Chinese ribs for the table.
House turkey, spicy sauce, lettuce, tomato, red onion served on a classic sesame hero.
Classic Italian cold-cut sandwich with mortadella, sopressata, Genoa salami, pepperoni, ham, provolone, lettuce tomato, sweet deli peppers and house-made Italian dressing, all served on a classic sesame hero.
House roast beef, mozz and pepperoncini, all served on a classic sesame hero.
Chicken cutlet, fresh mozz, tomato and basil served on a classic sesame hero.
Avocado, zesty tomatoes, arugula and spicy sauce served on a classic sesame hero.
Fresh mozz, zesty tomato and basil served on a classic sesame hero.
Genoa salami, mild provolone, lettuce and tomato served on a classic sesame hero.
Ham, American cheese, lettuce and tomato served on a classic sesame hero.
Topped with parmesan and parsley.
Crispy potatoes topped with parmesan and parsley.
Iceberg lettuce, house made zesty dressing.
Rotini, house made zesty dressing.
Toasted Marshmallow, Chocolate and Graham Cracker.
House-made fudge brownie served with vanilla gelato and chocolate sauce.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 52.93191
Retrieved Text: Smokin' Joe's Bar-B-Q opened in Olathe, Kansas in 1989. The original owner went on to open restaurants in Kansas City, Missouri and this location was owned and operated by his brother, Matt Sander, until 2018. New management took over Smokin' Joe's in the spring of 2018 and took over ownership for 2019.
The daily lunch special at Smokin' Joe's Barbeque is good value: $10.00 including tax for a large BBQ sandwich, generous serving of well cooked crinkle cut French fries and soda. Or get the same deal on a 3 rib combo, but only on Mondays. Place your order with the friendly people at the counter and the food comes out fast. I've found the food a little less consistent at nights and weekends.
All of the meat smoking at Smokin' Joe's is done with hickory wood and Joe's will also custom smoke turkeys, hams or other meats. Smokin' Joe's also caters.
Smoked meats served include pork ribs, beef, ham, turkey, pork, pulled pork, sausage, burnt ends, and chicken. Chicken strips and hot dogs are also available, as well as chili in the winter. After ribs, my favorite meats are the pork and sausage. Smokin' Joe's most popular sandwich may be the Poor Joe which includes several meats. The creamy garlic coleslaw is another good choice.
All day on Wednesdays and Sundays, slabs of barbeque pork ribs are only $13.99. Smokin' Joe's has a giant $15.99 sandwich, the Big Bad Joe - a 1 lb sandwich with beef, turkey, pork, sausage, 2 pieces of bacon, pepper Jack & American cheese,

########
Rank: 16
Score: 52.49442
Retrieved Text: At the Bax Castle we are delighted to host our famous carvery every Sunday. We pride our roast with all local produce, offering a choice of three meats, homemade Yorkshire puddings, with unlimited helpings of roast potatoes, seasonal vegetables and gravy.
We advise you and your party to contact us to book a table in advance to avoid disappointment.
Served with homemade red onion jam and sliced ciabatta.
Prawns in a Marie Rose sauce with sliced ciabatta.
Sliced halloumi on a bed of friarielli broccoli with a balsamic glaze.
Vegetarian soup served with sliced ciabatta.
Golden breaded brie wedges served with homemade red onion jam.
Whole whitebait in crispy breadcrumbs served with salad and tartare sauce.
Tail on king prawns in crispy breadcrumbs served with salad and sweet chilli dip.
Roast carvery serving locally sourced beef (medium), gammon and turkey with roast potatoes, homemade Yorkshire puddings and unlimited top ups of fresh seasonal vegetables and gravy. A vegetarian option is also available on request.
Please note that our carvery is buffet style, while all other dishes from the menu are cooked fresh to order, so will be subject to waiting times.
Served with tortilla crisps and homemade coleslaw.
Lettuce and tartare sauce, served with tortilla crisps and homemade coleslaw.
Tuna, mayonnaise and lettuce, served with tortilla crisps and homemade coleslaw.
Upgrade: Add chunky chips for an additional £1.
Tomato sauce, mozzarella, spicy beef, chorizo, jalapeños and chillies.
Tomato sauce, mozzarella, goats cheese, onions and Italian broccoli.
Tomato sauce, mozzarella, freshly sliced tomato & green pesto.
BBQ sauce, mozzarella, spicy beef, ham and mushroom.
Tomato sauce, mozzarella, ham, chorizo, beef and red onion.
Tomato sauce, shredded hoisin

########
Rank: 17
Score: 52.46532
Retrieved Text: Here we go... Another sandwich joint. Just like the ramen craze, there seems to be a new player in the gourmet sandwich scene every month. Hey, it's not a bad idea. Sure, there are places where one can get a sandwich; however the days of relying on the Sandwich Tree and Skyway are over. And let's not get into a discussion about Subway or Quizno's either, despite the fact I don't mind them personally. Then we also have ethnic sandwiches in the torta and the beloved Banh Mi. Add the ever popular pulled pork sandwich at Re-Up and the prosciutto and pear sandwich at Finch's, you can see that there are lots of sandwiches o ut there. Yet, the gourmet sandwich is a different animal. Following in the footsteps of Meat & Bread and the Dirty Apron, Big Lou's combines a butcher shop that happens to sell sandwiches. The brainchild of the owners of Two Chefs and a Table, Big Lou's is located not too far away, kitty-corner to Sunrise Market.
On the topic of Banh Mi, there is one available here. Of course it is not exactly what you'd find at a Vietnamese shop; but that wouldn't be any fun would it? Served on crusty bread, there is no absence of pulled pork shoulder. Bathed in a sweet sauce and spicy mayo, it went well with the predominantly tart pickled carrots. With that being said, it was still a bit too sweet for me. 2 long "sticks" of pate and cilantro completed the sandwich. Although I

########
Rank: 18
Score: 52.19054
Retrieved Text: The counter person was efficient and polite, if not overly perky. That’s fine by me – I don’t necessarily want to be waited on by the battery bunny on happy pills. She took our order – a whole Empire Combo and a Pastrami on rye with spicy mustard. It appears they only serve bottled drinks – no fountain service. I know some people who get ticked over things like that, but a bottle of diet was fine by us. The sandwiches were delivered in short order, and we took them to a booth by the front door. Total bill was just under a $20 bill.
Okay, bad part first. The floor was dirty, and someone had obviously spilled something with a lot of sugar on the floor by the booth. They had 4 or 5 people behind the counter, and at least one was just standing there – the others all seemed to be busy. I would have hustled someone out there to mop the floor. Yeah, a constant job in the winter, but it would have raised the ambiance by a factor of 10.
The wife thought her sandwich could have used more pastrami. Especially since the only other thing it had on it was a spicy mustard. I thought it was pretty hefty, but the bread was thick. My fault with her sandwich: they didn’t seem to know what “deli mustard” was. Instead of a spicy brown mustard, they put on a thin, aromatic mustard. Eh, it wasn’t my sandwich.
Now for the good stuff. My large

########
Rank: 19
Score: 51.912468
Retrieved Text: ro-tel cheese dip, sliced jalapenos and tortilla chips.
traditional or veggie.chili, cheddar-jack cheese, tomatoes, sour cream, black olives, sliced jalapenos and tortilla chips.
black forest ham, salami, olive salad, roasted red peppers, provolone, red onions, cucumbers and tomatoes. chefs dressing selection: olive oil & balsamic vinaigrette, olives are a natural product and a pit or fragment may be present.
grilled chicken breast, applewood smoked bacon, cheddar-jack cheese, tomatoes, cucumbers and croutons.
black forest ham, butterball smoked turkey, applewood smoked bacon, cheddar-jack cheese, tomatoes, cucumbers and croutons.
grilled chicken breast, romaine, parmesan and croutons, tossed with caesar dressing.
with traditional or veggie chil.chili, tortilla chips, cheddar-jack cheese, jalapenos, red onions, tomatoes, guacamole and sour cream.
Maximize Your Spud. Add Ranch Or Bleu Cheese Dressing For $0.50 Each Gravy, Ro-tel Cheese Sauce, Traditional Or Veggie Chili For $1.00 Each.
black forest ham, butterball smoked turkey, applewood smoked bacon, cheddar-jack cheese, green onions and black olives with sour cream on the side.
with traditional or veggie chili covered with chili, cheddar-jack cheese and sliced jalapenos.
red onions, bell peppers, diced tomatoes, black olives and mozzarella.
loaded with melted cheddar-jack cheese.
a quarter pound of usda choice black angus roast beef and sharp cheddar on a baguette, served au jus.
gambinos authentic muffuletta bread with olive oil, black forest ham, salami, gambinos olive salad and provolone.olives are a natural product and a pit or fragment may be present.
corned beef, sauerkraut, swiss and thousand island dressing on toasted rye bread.
turkey, roast beef or ham.butterball smoked turkey, black angus roast beef or black forest ham, sharp cheddar, applewood smoked bacon, lettuce, tomatoes, spicy brown mustard

########
Rank: 20
Score: 51.856606
Retrieved Text: Show All Most Popular Add Utensils & Napkins? Appetizers Soups Fried Rice Egg Foo Young Chow Mein Mei Fun Lo Mein Combination Platters Pork Beef Seafood Chicken Vegetables Chef Specialties American Dishes Side Orders Misc.
Wings, Chicken Sticks, Cheese Dumplings, Egg Roll, Crab Puff, Shrimp Cream Cheese Wontons.
With Crab Meat, Shrimp, Pork, Chicken And Veggies.
With Shrimp, Crab Meat, And Scallops.
Egg Cooked With Pork, Chicken, And Shrimp.
With Crispy Noodles. Soft Noodles Are $4.95.
With White Or Fried Rice.
Lobster Meat, Jumbo Shrimp, Roast Pork, Chicken With Celery, Mushrooms, Snow Peas, Broccoli, And Chef's Special Sauce.
Chicken, Beef And Shrimp Deep Fried Until Crispy And Sauteed In A Sweet Spicy Sauce.
Lobster Meat, Jumbo Shrimp, Scallops, Sauteed Broccoli, Mushrooms, Snow Peas, Bamboo Shoots, And Baby Corn In A House Special White Wine Sauce.
Chicken, Beef And Shrimp With Chili Pepper In A Rich Hot, Spicy Sauce, Szechuan Style.
Chicken And Beef With Chef's Spicy, Hot Sauce And Sauteed Vegetables, Hunan Style.
Tender Fillet Of Marinated Beef Or Chicken With Delicately Sauteed And Seasoned With Imported Orange Peels.
Chunk Chicken Or Beef Specially Prepared And Blended Chef's Special Sauce, Covered With Sesame Seeds And Garnished With Broccoli.
Dark Meat Chicken Deep Fried Until Crispy And Sauteed In A Sweet And Spicy Sauce.
Shrimp Specially Prepared And Blended Chef's Special Sauce, Covered With Sesame Seeds And Garnished With Vegetables.
Chicken, Beef, Pork With Chinese Mixed Vegetables In Hot Spicy Red Oil And Chefs Special Sauce.
With Our Chof Special Sauce.
Jumbo Shrimp And Fresh Scallops With Chef's Special Sauce And Suteed Mixed Vegetables.
Sauteed Jumbo Shrimp, Beef, Chicken, Roast Pork, And Mixed Vegetables In Special

########
Rank: 21
Score: 51.793236
Retrieved Text: 2 egg rolls, 2 chicken wings, 2 fried wontons, 2 beef teriyaki and 2 BBQ spare ribs.
Jumbo special fried rice, crab Rangoon, pepper steak and honey chicken.
Chicken, roast pork, beef, shrimp. With ham fried rice and egg roll.
A combination of chicken, beef and shrimp with mixed vegetables and cooked in oyster sauce. Hot and spicy.
Fresh shrimp, sliced chicken and roast pork with mixed Chinese vegetables in house special sauce.
Tender pieces of chicken on 1 side and shrimp on the other side in chef's special sauce.
Chicken, shrimp, beef or roast pork. Includes ham fried rice and 12 oz. can of soda or bottled water.
Chicken, shrimp, beef or roast pork. 12 oz. can of soda or bottled water.
Includes ham fried rice and 12 oz. can of soda or bottled water.
Includes ham fried rice and 12 oz. can of soda or bottled water. Hot and spicy.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 51.65195
Retrieved Text: Spicy. Served with egg roll and pork fried rice.
Fried shrimp, cucumber and avocado with eel sauce.
Sweet potato topped with eel.
Fried shrimp with avocado topped with slices of fresh mango and special sauce.
Spicy tuna and avocado topped with tuna and mayo, served with miso and eel sauce.
Spicy white tuna and avocado topped with white tuna and caviar.
Crunchy lobster with avocado topped with salmon and tuna.
Tuna, salmon, white tuna, asparagus inside top with shrimp and spicy mayo.
2 California rolls, 2 shrimp tempura rolls, 2 spicy tuna rolls, 2 Boston rolls and 1 spicy salmon roll.
14 pieces of sushi and 14 pieces of sashimi, 1 tuna roll, 1 California roll, 1 dragon roll, 1 salmon roll and 1 spicy tuna roll.
Choose 2 rolls from the selection below.
3 pieces sushi, 6 pieces sashimi, tuna roll.
Served with roast pork fried rice and your choice of side. Spicy.
Served roast pork fried rice and your choice of side. Spicy.
Served with crisp noodles. Spicy.
Served with rice and pancake.
Special mixed vegetables. Served with white rice.
Not noodles. Want something with noodles? Go to the Lo Mein section of the menu.
Ho Fun = Rice Noodle. Mai Fun = Chinese Thin Noodle.
No Salt, Oil or Corn Starch. Low Calories. Served with Rice.
No salt, M.S.G., oil, corn starch, low calories. With rice. Steamed with choice of sauce on the side.
Sliced chicken, red and green peppers, celery and bamboo shoots sauteed in Szechuan sauce. With white rice. Spicy.
Sliced pork, red and green peppers, celery and bamboo shoots sauteed in Szechuan sauce. With white rice. Spicy.
Sauteed shrimp with hot chili sauce

########
Rank: 23
Score: 51.64905
Retrieved Text: West Wing Cafe has multiple locations, make sure this is the one you want to go to.
Choice of grilled or spicy chicken, boiled eggs, avocado ,crumbled bacon, romaine lettuce, tomato, black olives & blue cheese crumble. Dressing served on the side.
Grilled chicken, fresh mozzarella cheese, sundried tomato pesto & basil pesto.
Cappy ham, pepper ham, Genoa salami, pepperoni, provolone cheese, lettuce, tomato, red onion, pickles, hot & sweet peppers, oregano, olive oil & vinegar on a sub.
Avocado, lettuce, tomato, red onion, spinach, alfalfa sprouts & cucumber on a multigrain.
Corned beef, melted Swiss cheese, sauerkraut & Russian dressing on a marble rye.
Rice & assorted fried veggies.
Mixed rice bowl with bulgogi, assorted fresh veggies & choice of Gochujang (Korean chili pesto) or soy sauce.
Kale, quinoa, avocado, feta cheese, almond, red pepper, cucumber & tomato with balsamic vinaigrette. Mixed in dressing.
Crispy bacon, lettuce, tomato & choice of sandwich bread.
Mesquite wood smoked turkey, smoked gouda cheese, spinach, red onion & roasted red peppers on a multigrain.
Maple honey ham, smoked gouda cheese, tomato & honey mustard on marble rye.
Mesquite wood smoked turkey, fresh mozzarella, artichoke, roasted red peppers & basil pesto on sourdough.
Virginia ham, provolone cheese, lettuce, tomato, mayo & honey mustard on focaccia.
Grilled chicken, avocado, lettuce, tomato & honey mustard on focaccia.
Deluxe ham, ovengold turkey, crispy bacon, lettuce, tomato & mayo on focaccia.
Mesquite wood smoked turkey, bacon, avocado, lettuce, tomato, red onion & mayo on a sub.
Rare roast beef, cheddar cheese, lettuce, tomato & horseradish sauce on a sub.
Tuna salad, melted provolone cheese, lettuce, tomato, red onion & sprouts on a

########
Rank: 24
Score: 51.62431
Retrieved Text: My vegetarian Sandwich Quest search has finally found a sandwich worth recomending to omnivores. The Crispy HipCity Ranch from HipCityVeg more than met my expectations for a solid sandwich. Period. Veggie or not.
Unlike the disappointing vegetarian cheesesteaks from Govinda's and Blackbird, the battered "chick'n" didn’t leave a bland aftertaste and the chick'n was solid enough to sink your teeth into. The batter was even extra crispy like the name implies. Plus the peppercorn ranch sauce was excellent - and I do not care much for ranch flavors.
At $8.50, the crispy chick'n is not cheap, but still comparable on price to other good sammies such as Paesano's Bolognese at $8.
I would agree with a post from Philly Phoodie that the sauce is all over the place when opening the sandwich, so watch out. Still, many good sandwiches are messy - the roast beef at John’s Pork is another messy one I ate recently. His analogy of the taste being like a sassy fried chicken from McDonald's is fair except my stomach didn't feel like a ton of bricks after eating or give me that inadequate disgusted feeling. I'm sure the HipCityVeg folks would have a fit over even a subtle comparison to McDonald's.
I’m sticking to my guns about vegetarian sandwich observations and wish they were not compared to real chicken. The HipCityVeg sandwich still did not offer the juiciness of actual chicken meat and I’m inclined to think first-timers will not like it because of their pre-conceived expectations. Just call the dang thing a battered soy sandwich

########
Rank: 25
Score: 51.5303
Retrieved Text: (For Little One's 12 and Under Please) Small Drink Included.
grilled american cheese sandwich served with french fries.
pure ground beef patty served on a toasted bun with french fries.
a favorite rich meat sauce served over spaghetti.
two pieces of cod served with french fries.
one egg scrambled, served with a strip of bacon or sausage and choice of bread.
two pieces of french toast served with two strips bacon or sausage links.
two pieces of chicken strips served with french fries.
one egg scrambled served with a strip of bacon or sausage and pancakes.
oven roasted turkey, swiss cheese, bacon and tomato on grilled sourdough.
roast beef, swiss cheese, onions, mushrooms and green peppers on grilled sourdough.
1/3 lb. 100% all beef patty charbroiled served with lettuce, tomato, pickle, and onion. add cheese $0.40, add bacon $1.00, made it double $1.50.
1/3 lb. 100% all beef patty charbroiled, pastrami, swiss cheese, mustard and pickle.
pastrami, swiss cheese, mustard and pickle.
country fried steak, swiss cheese, lettuce, tomato, onion on hoagie roll.
a triple decker sandwich of tender sliced turkey, bacon, lettuce, tomato, and american cheese.
layers of hot ham and american cheese grilled on white bread.
a 1/3 lb. of pure ground beef, swiss and american cheese, with grilled onion on grilled rye bread.
crisp bacon, lettuce and tomato on toasted white bread.
toast beef piled high and served on hoagie roll with au jus.
a tender white chicken filet served on a grilled bun.
a tender breast of chicken broiled to perfection. add cheese $0.50. add cheese and bacon $1.50.
fish fillet on a toasted bun with american cheese, lettuce and tartar sauce.
everybody's favorite greek

########
Rank: 26
Score: 51.518257
Retrieved Text: Siga tibs, siga wot, kitfo, doro wot and all veggie dishes.
Red lentils stewed in onion, spices and berbere (ground pepper-sauce). Vegetarian.
Miser wot, kik wot, gomen, cabbage and salad. Vegetarian.
Cooked beans mixed with tomato, onion and jalapeno. Spicy. Vegetarian.
Cracked wheat cooked in spiced butter. Vegetarian.
Spicy tender chicken sandwich in French bread. Spicy.
Tomato, green pepper, onion and lemon. Vegetarian.
Diced potatoes, jalapeno peppers in fresh garlic, lemon and olive oil. Spicy. Vegetarian.
Minced beef seasoned with butter and hot pepper. Spicy.
Minced beef seasoned with butter, hot pepper, cheese and collard greens. Spicy.
Minced beef seasoned with butter and hot pepper, jalapeno and minced onions. Spicy.
Raw beef cubes seasoned with butter and hot pepper. Spicy.
Tender beef cubes sauteed crispy with onion, jalapeno and spices. Spicy.
Tender beef cubes lightly sauteed with onion, jalapeno and spices. Spicy.
Tender beef seasoned with butter, onion, garlic, ginger, hot sauce and spices. Spicy.
Marinated strips of beef sauteed in onion, jalapeno and spiced butter. Spicy.
Beef sauteed in hot sauce, onion, garlic, chili and tomato mixed with injera shreds. Spicy.
Lean beef sauteed in herbs and spices with collard greens.
Seasoned beef cooked with collard greens, onions and garlic.
Tender beef jerky sauteed and cooked with special seasonings poured over pieces on injera-served soft and moist.
Sauteed tender lamb stew in red pepper sauce seasoned with onions, garlic and special Ethiopian spices.
Tender lamb stew seasoned with spiced curry onions, garlic, ginger and jalapenos. Spicy.
Succulent tender pieces of lamb cooked with onions and garlic and served with awaze sauce.
Succulent tender pieces of lamb cooked with onions and garlic.
Boneless chicken sauteed in herbs and spices with

########
Rank: 27
Score: 51.515244
Retrieved Text: Chicken, shrimp, beef and vegetables.
Shrimp, pork and chicken. Served with steam rice.
Choice of chop suey or chow mein. Served with steam rice.
Choice of chop suey or chow mein. With steam rice.
Shrimp, pork and chicken. Soft noodles.
Shrimp, scallop and crabsticks. Soft noodles.
Shrimp, chicken, beef or pork. Soft noodles.
Chicken, pork and shrimp. Served with steam rice.
3 pieces. Served with french fries, coleslaw and roll.
8 pieces. Served with french fries, coleslaw and roll.
4 pieces. Served with french fries, coleslaw and roll.
21 pieces. Served with french fries, coleslaw and roll.
10 pieces. Served with french fries, coleslaw and roll.
2 pieces. Served with french fries, coleslaw and roll.
2 jumbo shrimp, 1 crab cake, 2 scallops, 1 fish fillet, 1 crab stick and 1 oyster. Served with french fries, coleslaw and roll.
5 pieces. Served with french fries, coleslaw and roll.
Served with steam rice, no oil, low fat, no msg and no soy sauce.
5 pieces. Served with french fries or fried rice.
10 pieces. Served with french fries or fried rice.
12 pieces. Served with french fries or fried rice.
2 pieces. Served with french fries or fried rice.
Served with french fries or fried rice. Hot and spicy.
10 pieces. Served with french fries or fried rice. Hot and spicy.
Served with lettuce, tomato, mayo and onion.
Served with ketchup, mustard, relish and onion.
A unique combination of jumbo shrimp, chicken and beef sauteed with vegetables in tasty brown sauce. Served with steam rice.
Fresh shrimp, scallop, crab meat and lobster meat with mixed vegetables in a delicate white sauce. Served with steam rice.
Combination of chicken, roast pork, beef and jumbo shrimp

########
Rank: 28
Score: 51.157936
Retrieved Text: Eight pieces, Served with your Fried or Steamed.
Fried shrimp, fried wonton, teriyaki beef, chicken wings, shrimp toast, egg roll and spare ribs. Serves two.
Broccoli, string bean and snow peas. Steamed, with sauce on the side.
Chunks of tender chicken, sauteed orange peel and dry hot pepper in house special sauce. With white rice and broccoli. Hot and spicy.
Crispy coated chicken chunks seasoned and sauteed with Chinese garlic sauce and broccoli on the side. With white rice. Hot and spicy.
Chunks of chicken with special sesame sauce and broccoli on the side. With white rice.
Jumbo shrimp and scallops with garlic sauce. With white rice. Hot and spicy.
Lobster meat, scallops and jumbo shrimp with Chinese vegetable. With white rice. Hot and spicy.
Baby shrimp and diced chicken sauteed with brown sauce. With white rice.
Jumbo shrimp, beef, chicken sauteed with mixed vegetables in chef's special sauce.
Shredded beef with onions, scallion and snow peas in the tangy sauce. With white rice. Hot and spicy.
Shrimp deep fried until crispy with our chef's special hot sauce and served with broccoli and Hunan sauce. With white rice. Hot and spicy.
Jumbo shrimp, sliced beef and chicken sautéed with mixed vegetables in special Hunan sauce with white rice. Hot and spicy.
Sliced beef and scallops with broccoli and snow peas in brown sauce. With white rice.
Jumbo shrimp, sliced pork, beef, chicken and lobster with mixed vegetable stir-fried with brown sauce. With white rice.
Jumbo shrimp, scallop and lobster stir-fried with vegetables in light sauce. With white rice.
Jumbo shrimp sauteed with broccoli in egg white sauce.
General Tso's chicken & Szechuan shrimp.
Chicken,

########
Rank: 29
Score: 51.103024
Retrieved Text: View menus and order from Peking House in Royal Oak, Michigan quickly and easily online. Call RC offers fast delivery and catering from the best restaurants in the Royal Oak area. Get great food delivered straight to your office, hotel, or home!
All white meat - breaded.
Broccoli, peapods, water chestnuts, mushrooms, bok choy and carrots.
Breast of chicken marinated with curry BBQ sauce on a sizzling plate with green pepper and onion.
Chunks of chicken sauteed with jalapeno pepper, celery, Chinese black mushrooms and green pepper in light brown sauce.
Jumbo shrimp, scallops, and calamari with mixed vegetables in a taro nest.
Shrimp, scallops, and calamari sauteed with vegetables in tomato sauce. Served with sizzling rice.
New York strip steak broiled to order, topped with Chinese vegetables.
(1/2 duck) - Twice cooked duckling, marinated in spices, steamed, then fried golden brown. Served with hoisin sauce.
Rice noodles with curry, chicken, shrimp and roast pork.
Beef, chicken, green pepper and Spanish onion in black bean sauce.
Chicken, beef, scallops and water chestnuts in a spice sauce.
Bed of pan fried noodles with black mushrooms, chicken and mixed vegetables.
With broccoli, peapods, mushrooms, baby corn, water chestnuts and carrots.
Spicy brown sauce, peanuts, water chestnuts and mushrooms.
Celery, onion, peapods, carrots and broccoli in spicy red sauce.
Thick & short rice noodles.
Peapods, carrots and peas in with sauce with egg.
Celery, onion, peapods, carrots and broccoli in red spicy sauce.
Spicy brown sauce with peanuts, water chestnuts and mushrooms.
Light brown sauce with Napa, cabbage and mushrooms.
Broccoli, water chestnuts, baby corn, mushrooms & peapods in a brown sauce.
With broccoli, water chestnuts, baby corn, mushrooms, carrots &

================



======= Instance Index 2784 =========
Input Text: The star had 4 rocky planets and 4 gaseous planets orbiting it, what was it part of
Choose the most suitable option to answer the above question.
Options:
- hollywood
- night sky
- constellation
- aliens
- solar system

Target Text: solar system

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 64.544
Retrieved Text: They're big, they're round and they circle a giant ball of hot gas. Can you guess what they are? Planets are amazing places full of mystery and wonder. This lesson will teach you the basics of planets and even those in our own solar system.
What do you think of when you hear the word planet? I'll bet you think of Earth or Mars or maybe even Saturn or Jupiter. But did you know that a planet is just a celestial body that makes a circular or elliptical orbit around a star? That's what the definition of a planet is. Notice how I said star and not Sun. While the planets in our solar system orbit around the Sun, there are planets in other solar systems and other galaxies that orbit around their own stars. Just imagine that many of the billions of stars we can see at night have their own planets orbiting around them. That's pretty amazing.
Planets usually come in two major categories; rocky planets and gas giants. Rocky planets have a rocky surface and can have varying types of atmospheres. Astronauts could walk on the surface of a rocky planet. Earth and Mars are both rocky planets. Gas giants are made of various condensed gases and don't have a hard rocky surface, so we would not be able to land and walk around on them. Jupiter and Saturn are example of gas giants.
Right in our own solar system we have eight planets and several dwarf planets. Dwarf planets resemble the shape of regular planets,

########
Rank: 1
Score: 61.493435
Retrieved Text: Data is largely taken from the Exoplanet Orbit Database, the Extrasolar Planet Encyclopedia and from the Open Exoplanet Catalogue although I also use published papers, NASA websites and other sources. Before reading further, you may find it helpful to read about planet-naming conventions and about the various methods used to detect exoplanets.
Kepler-37 b is probably similar to the planet Mercury in our own Solar System although it is even smaller and hotter. This planet was discovered in 2013 and has a radius of just 1900 km. This compares to 6371 km for the Earth, 2440 km for Mercury and 1737 km for our Moon. This tiny world orbits just 15 million km from a star that’s a little smaller than the Sun and she shares her planetary system with at least two other worlds.
Mercury as seen by NASA’s Messenger spacecraft. Is this what Kepler-37 b looks like too?
Alien worlds come in all possible sizes. Planets just grade into stars and it’s hard to say where, exactly, the cut-off is between a large planet and a small star. To make matters even more complicated, planet masses have significant uncertainties and so there is much room for debate about whether any given large world should actually be classed instead as a brown dwarf (i.e. a small star). A good example is CT-Chamaeleontis b which is estimated to be 17 times more massive than Jupiter (i.e. 5400 times more massive than the Earth) and which orbits a young star 530 light years from Earth. This planet is so large

########
Rank: 2
Score: 61.414906
Retrieved Text: An exoplanet is a planet orbiting a star other than ours. Rogue planets , planets that drift through deep space instead orbiting a star, also exist.
The first exoplanet discovered was found orbiting a pulsar, PSR B1257+12, during a 1993 study led by Alex Wolszczan of Pennsylvania State University. It wasn't until 1995 that Michel Mayor and Didier Queloz of the University of Geneva confirmed an exoplanet around a main sequence star, 51 Pegasi.
As of October 2013, approximately 999 exoplanets, scattered over dozens of star systems, have been found. Most of these exoplanets are gas giants; this is most likely due to the limits of current detection methods. Some rocky planets have been found as well. Unlike gas giants, rocky planets may, given the right conditions, be able to sustain life.
Currently, the most notable of these rocky planets is the relatively nearby (20 light-years) planet Gliese 581c. Of all the known exoplanets, this one comes closest to being capable of sustaining life, though its existence is disputed.
Epsilon Eridani is a star system 10.5 light years away from Earth. It is an orange dwarf star approximately 850 million years old. There are currently two confirmed planets in the system: A Jupiter-sized planet orbiting outside of ε Eridani's first asteroid belt, and a Saturn-sized planet at about the same distance from the star as Pluto is from the Sun. It is expected that more planets will be found in the system within a decade when there are better telescopes.
Many scientists cite the number of exoplanets and their rate of

########
Rank: 3
Score: 61.057034
Retrieved Text: Another Earth may be orbiting the star next door, and we could detect its presence within a few years, a new study argues. A telescope trained permanently on Alpha Centauri should be able to pick up the slight stellar wobbles induced by a small, rocky, Earth-like planet.
Alpha Centauri lies just over 4 light years away and is the closest star system to the Sun. It appears to be a triple system, with two Sun-like stars orbiting each other relatively closely (about 23 times the Earth-Sun distance). The two stars have high concentrations of heavy elements, which is characteristic of stars that are born surrounded by dusty, planet-forming discs.
Previous computer simulations suggested terrestrial planets probably formed around one or both stars. That is borne out by the work of Javiera Guedes at the University of California, Santa Cruz (UCSC), US, and colleagues, who have gone a step further and worked out how to detect such planets.
“If our understanding of terrestrial planet formation is at all correct, then there should definitely be terrestrial planets orbiting both members of the Alpha Centauri binary pair,” team member Greg Laughlin of UCSC told New Scientist.
What’s more, any such planets might boast the conditions thought to be necessary to support life. In the team’s simulations of planet formation around the smaller star, Alpha Centauri B, an Earth-like world often coalesced in or near the star’s habitable zone, where liquid water could exist on the planet’s surface.
Finding these planets could be time-consuming, but it does not require any new techniques, they say. They

########
Rank: 4
Score: 60.106575
Retrieved Text: Of all the kinds of planets we’re finding around other stars—hot Jupiters and mini-Neptunes and those dubiously called “Earth-like”—super-Earths orbiting close to their stars are among the most abundant. About half of sun-like stars are thought to host planets with radii one to four times that of Earth’s, with orbital periods of less than 100 days. While planets so close to their stars are poor candidates for habitability, they are important to understanding the possibility of other habitable planets in these seemingly common systems.
It is thought that, in our system, the big gaseous planets formed more quickly than Earth and its rocky compatriots; it’s reasonable to think, then, that super-Earths will also form more quickly than terrestrial planets in their systems. So a migrating super-Earth, forming out past the habitable zone (HZ) but migrating through the zone to its tight orbit, has the potential to wreak havoc on the formation of Earth-like planets in the HZ. The super-Earth will be fully formed and migrating in while the material that will come to form terrestrial planets—rocky worlds in the HZ—is still in debris, smaller planetesimals, and larger planetary embryos.
So we’ve got a super-Earth migrating in from beyond the HZ to a point closer in to its star, basically barreling through the band of material that could come to form Earth-like planets. Is that a problem?
A big variable is how quickly the super-Earths migrate. And this ends up being the deciding factor in the fate of rocky planets around super-Earths. When super-Earths migrate inward quickly, they do little

########
Rank: 5
Score: 59.757328
Retrieved Text: A gigantic cloud of hydrogen evaporating from a planet orbiting a nearby star has been discovered with the Hubble Space Telescope by astronomers.
Dubbed “The Behemoth”, the massive, comet-like object is around 50 times the size of it’s parent star. The hydrogen is venting from a warm, Neptune-sized planet, because extreme radiation from the star.
Due to its size and because it is much closer to its star than Neptune is to our sun, the planet, named GJ 436b, is considered to be a “Warm Neptune.”. Even though it is in no danger of having its atmosphere totally evaporated and stripped down to a rocky core, this planet could explain the existence of so-called Hot Super-Earths that are very close to their stars.
Such a phenomenon has never been observed around an exoplanet so small.
It may give clues to how other planets with hydrogen-enveloped atmospheres could have their outer layers evaporated by their parent star, leaving behind solid, rocky cores. Hot, rocky planets such as these that roughly the size of Earth are known as Hot-Super Earths.
Hot Super-Earths could be the remnants of more massive planets that completely lost their thick, gaseous atmospheres to the same type of evaporation. These hot, rocky worlds were revealed by the Convection Rotation and Planetary Transits (CoRoT) and NASA’s Kepler space telescope.
Sice Earth’s atmosphere blocks most ultraviolet light, astronomers needed a space telescope with Hubble’s ultraviolet capability and exquisite precision to find the Behemoth.
Because the planet’s orbit is tilted nearly edge-on to our view from Earth, the planet can be seen passing in

########
Rank: 6
Score: 59.69949
Retrieved Text: NASA – NASA’S Kepler Mission Discovers Its First Rocky Planet. It is a little bigger than the Earth, but it orbits its star every 20 hours. This makes its temperature something like 1800 K / 3300 F, as hot as a lightbulb filament in action.
This is only the latest in a remarkable revolution in astronomy: the discovery of extrasolar planets. Since the 1990’s, over 400 of them have been discovered, and some of them have very startling properties. Several of them are “hot Jupiters”, gas-giant planets that are unexpectedly close to their primary stars. They most likely formed much farther out, then spiraled in. Even more oddly, many of them have very eccentric orbits, with eccentricities typically around 0.4 and as much as 0.7 — 2 to 6 times farther at farthest distance than at closest distance. Near-collisions between inspiraling planets? (More on this mystery) If they get close enough, their outer layers may evaporate off into outer space, leaving a rocky core, like the planet I mentioned above.
There are even planets orbiting pulsars, of all places. How did they get there?
To date, all the planets discovered orbiting “normal” stars are at least a few times more massive than the Earth, but that’s a side effect of detection sensitivity. The smaller the planet, the smaller the effect. But as astronomers improve their techniques, they may eventually detect Earth-mass planets.
Despite that, astronomers have often been able to detect more than one planet orbiting a star, and in the case of Gliese 581, at least 4 and possibly

########
Rank: 7
Score: 58.953087
Retrieved Text: A planet is a celestial body, directly orbiting a star, not sufficiently massive enough to generate photons in the range of visible light, but larger than a comet or asteroid. On both ends of the mass spectrum, it is a subjective call whether a body is a planet or not.
Planets can have atmospheres ranging from thick to none, and they can have lesser bodies orbiting them as satellites. The largest satellite (Ganymede) of the largest planet (Jupiter) is bigger than the smallest planet (Mercury). Humans have taken close-up photographs of all the planets in the Solar System with probes.
Pluto isn't a planet, however. Some people decided it, plainly and simply, sucked too much to be a legitimate planet. Sorry Hades.
The four rocky planets of our solar system.
A rocky planet, also called terrestrial planet is a planet made primarily of rock and often with metallic cores. According to theories on the development of solar systems and observations of our own, this is because heavier elements stay close to the centre of the solar system, close to the star, and form planets there. Rocky planets are one of two types of planets, the other being the Gas Giants where the atmosphere composes the majority of the planet's volume, rather than just a thin skin close to the surface. Rocky planets can also be classed as dwarf planets like Pluto when they're too small to be classed as actual planets.
In our solar system, the inner planets (Mercury, Venus, Earth and Mars) are rocky planets. The famous exoplanet Gliese 581c

########
Rank: 8
Score: 58.503387
Retrieved Text: ESO Supernova Exhibition — What is a planet?
Two types of planet orbit the Sun: small, rocky worlds and large giants of gas and ice. Objects orbiting the planets are called moons. There are also many smaller bodies in the Solar System, which are harder to classify.
Rocky worlds: The four terrestrial planets, shown to scale. All four have cores of iron and nickel, and thick mantles of silicate rock. Venus and Earth are the only two with significant atmospheres; and Earth is the only one with liquid surface water.
Gaseous giants. The four giant planets, shown to scale. Jupiter and Saturn are mainly hydrogen and helium; Uranus and Neptune contain large amounts of heavier elements. All four have ring systems, the most impressive of which is Saturn’s.
A planet is an object which orbits a star, and which is massive enough to have become rounded by its own gravity. It must also have cleared most of the debris from its path around the star. In our Solar System, the inner four planets are small and consist of metals and rocks. The outer four are larger and mainly composed of hydrogen and helium. Pluto is an example of a dwarf planet: massive enough to have become spherical but not massive enough to have gravitationally cleared its own orbit. Even smaller bodies are classified as asteroids, comets, or Kuiper Belt objects, but the distinctions between these categories are not well- defined.
Moon business: Jupiter’s largest moons cast dark shadows on its turbulent atmosphere. Some planetary satellites are larger than the planet Mercury,

########
Rank: 9
Score: 57.01763
Retrieved Text: Exoplanets are planets those exist beyond the solar system. In the past two decades thousands of such exoplanets have been discovered, majority with the Kepler Space Telescope of NASA. These group of planets that are identified by the scientists outside the solar system, consist similar chemical conditions capable of leading life just like on earth. Astronomers have invented and confirmed about the three smallest planets ever noticed outside solar system. All of the three planets orbit a single star and are smaller compare to earth and are rocky. The researchers from the “Medical Research Council Laboratory of Molecular Biology and the Cambridge University found that chance of growing life on the surface of these rocky planets like Earth are related to the strength and type of light delivered by its host star.
A study published in the Science Advances journal suggests; stars that give off adequate ultraviolet ray could be reason behind the kick-start of life on their orbiting rocky planets in similar way most probably that happened on Earth. Till date, astronomers discovered almost four other rocky planets, which are also known as terrestrial planets, orbiting around other stars. These new trio planets orbit close to the central star to stay in its habitable zone; the ring shaped area across a star where there’s mild temperature that’s enough for liquid water, most possibly existence for life. But these rocky planets are the first ever to orbit a dim type, small star named as the “red dwarf”, the most common type in the Milky Way. This occurrence

########
Rank: 10
Score: 56.955147
Retrieved Text: The universe wouldn’t know about a newly-discovered solar system full of Earthlike planets, all of which could have liquid water, without the ingenuity and skill of Machinists Union members.
Astronomers announced Wednesday that a telescope orbiting Earth had detected seven warm, rocky planets orbiting a star just 39 light-years away. It’s the most terrestrial planets orbiting a single star that scientists have ever found, and it could be the best place in the galaxy to search for life beyond Earth.
“It’s beyond anything I could’ve ever dreamt of,” said Nikole Lewis, an astronomer on the research team that found TRAPPIST-1, the ultra-dwarf star at the new solar system’s center.
The telescope that made the landmark discovery, the Spitzer Space Telescope, was put into Earth’s orbit on a Delta rocket built by IAM Local 44 members in Decatur, AL. IAM Local 610 members at the NASA Space Center in Cape Canaveral, FL launched the telescope in August 2003.
Learn more about this exciting discovery from NASA.
The post IAM Members Had Hand in a Groundbreaking Planet Discovery appeared first on IAMAW.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 56.600044
Retrieved Text: This video depicts artist's concepts of each of the seven planets orbiting TRAPPIST-1, an ultra-cool dwarf star. Over 21 days, NASA's Spitzer Space Telescope measured the drop in light as each planet passed in front of the star. Spitzer was able to identify a total of seven rocky worlds, including three in the habitable zone where life is possible. The study established the planets' size, distance from their sun and, for some of them, their approximate mass and density. It also established that some, if not all, these planets are tidally locked, meaning one face of the planet permanently faces their sun.
The planets appear in the order of innermost to outermost planets.
These artist's concepts were designed as follows: TRAPPIST-1b, closest to the star, was modeled on Jupiter's moon Io, which has volcanic features due to strong gravitational tugs. TRAPPIST-1c is shown as a rocky, warm world with a small ice cap on the side that never faces the star. TRAPPSIT-1d is rocky and has water only in a thin band along the terminator, dividing the day side and night side.
TRAPPIST-1e and TRAPPIST-1f are both shown covered in water, but with progressively larger ice caps on the night side. TRAPPIST-1g is portrayed with an atmosphere like Neptune's, although it is still a rocky world. The farthest planet, TRAPPIST-1h, is shown as covered in ice, similar to Jupiter's icy moon Europa.
The background stars are what you would see if you were in the TRAPPIST-1 system. Orion passes behind the planets, recognizable but distorted from what we're familiar with,

########
Rank: 12
Score: 56.393208
Retrieved Text: The stargazers uncovered 60 new planets including a hot rocky "super-Earth" called Gilese 411b which is the fourth nearest in the star system to the sun.
One planet - Gliese 411-b - strongly resembles Earth and tells researchers that it is possible for stars close to the sun to have their own planets with orbits potentially supporting alien life.
Dr. Mikko Tuomi, who led the study, said: 'It is fascinating to think that when we look at the nearest stars, all of them appear to have planets orbiting them.
"This is something astronomers were not convinced about, even as little as five years ago".
Along with the 60 new planets, the researchers found additional evidence of a further 54 planets, bringing the total number of potential new worlds to 114.
A hot "super-Earth" with a rocky surface located in the fourth nearest star system to the sun was among the extrasolar planets discovered.
A global group of astronomers has discovered what they're called a "super-Earth" and it's not too far from our own solar system.
The results have come to light after 61,000 individual observations of 1,600 stars were taken over a 20-year period by United States astronomers.
Research by a team of global scientists has found 54 potential planets.
"Keck-I telescope and its instruments have been wonderful tools in establishing the current consensus that virtually all stars have planets orbiting them".
They say the planets are in our "immediate Solar neighborhood" but that Gliese 411b is of particular interest.
Dr. Butler hailed this as "crowning" his achievements as an astronomer. "It represents a good chunk of

########
Rank: 13
Score: 56.33528
Retrieved Text: An article published in the journal “The Astrophysical Journal” describes a new research on the possible climate existing on the seven rocky planets of the star TRAPPIST-1’s system. A team of astronomers coordinated by the University of Washington (UW) used updated climate models to try to understand what kind of atmospheres they can have as a result of environmental evolution based on the observations collected. The result is that the planet TRAPPIST-1 e is the one most likely to have liquid water on its surface.
The confirmation of seven rocky planets orbiting the ultra-cool dwarf star TRAPPIST-1 in February 2017 attracted enthusiasm because it offered considerable possibilities for studying exoplanets with a mass comparable to the Earth’s that have very different orbits. Never before seven super-Earths were discovered in one system and they’re 39 light-years from Earth, in the neighborhood in astronomical terms.
The collection of data on TRAPPIST-1’s planets is facilitated by the fact that the star is very small and its planets are very close to it so they pass in front of it every few days, between 1.5 and almost 19. At the same time they receive an amount of energy that according to initial optimistic estimates determined the possibility that on all of them there was an atmosphere and liquid water on at least part of their surface.
The study of exoplanets began just over 20 years ago and that of super-Earths orbiting dwarf stars only a few years ago. The consequence is that each new exoplanet of this type that gets discovered offers new

########
Rank: 14
Score: 56.117054
Retrieved Text: The primary goal of PLATO (PLAnetary Transits and Oscillations of stars) is to open a new way in exoplanetary science by detecting terrestrial exoplanets and characterising their bulk properties, including planets in the habitable zone of Sun-like stars. PLATO will provide the key information (planet radii, mean densities, stellar irradiation, and architecture of planetary systems) needed to determine the habitability of these unexpectedly diverse new worlds. PLATO will answer the profound and captivating question: how common are worlds like ours and are they suitable for the development of life?
Understanding planet habitability is a true multi-disciplinary endeavour. It requires knowledge of the planetary composition, to distinguish terrestrial planets from non-habitable gaseous mini-Neptunes, and of the atmospheric properties of planets.
identification of bright targets for atmospheric spectroscopy.
The mission will characterise hundreds of rocky (including Earth twins), icy or giant planets by providing exquisite measurements of their radii (3 per cent precision), masses (better than 10 per cent precision) and ages (10 per cent precision). This will revolutionise our understanding of planet formation and the evolution of planetary systems.
PLATO will assemble the first catalogue of confirmed and characterised planets with known mean densities, compositions, and evolutionary ages/stages, including planets in the habitable zone of their host stars.
While the structure and mass distributions of bodies in our Solar System are well known, we only have indirect and partial knowledge of its formation and evolution. To place our system in context we must look to other systems and study their architectures and composition. From current observations, it has become obvious that the

########
Rank: 15
Score: 55.962646
Retrieved Text: In May 2013, when the second of Kepler’s four reaction wheels failed, its four-year mission of constantly monitoring 150,000 stars ended. A year later, the telescope was re-purposed for what became known as its K2 mission after mission scientists came up with a new method to search for exoplanets based on 80-day observations of specific regions of the sky.
Just released, the data from Kepler’s final imaging sequence also features new discoveries made in early 2019, including one system with a super-Earth and one with a Saturn-sized planet orbiting a Sun-like star.
In early January 2019, citizen scientists at the 233rd meeting of the American Astronomical Society (AAS) announced their discovery of a Neptune-sized planet orbiting in the habitable zone of a small, dim star known as K2-288B, approximately one-third the size and mass of our Sun. K2-288B is the dimmer star in a binary system; its twin is about half the Sun’s mass and size, and both are M-dwarfs.
Orbiting at approximately 5.1 billion miles (8.2 billion kilometers) from its parent star, roughly the distance of Saturn from our Sun, the unusually-sized planet may be either rocky or gaseous and could host liquid water on its surface. Known as K2-288Bb, the planet had been missed in previous analyses of Kepler data.
Also present in Kepler’s “last light” images is the relatively nearby GJ 9827 system, where a planet circling a bright star has been targeted for future observations with new telescopes, such as the James Webb Space Telescope (JWST), scheduled for launch in 2021, to probe its atmosphere.
Dark areas

########
Rank: 16
Score: 55.752632
Retrieved Text: The climate of early Mars has been hotly debated for decades. Although most investigators believe that the geology indicates the presence of surface water, disagreement has persisted regarding how warm and wet the surface must have been and how long such conditions may have existed.
Oxygen isotopes in marine cherts have been used to infer hot oceans during the Archean with temperatures between 60 deg C (333 K) and 80 deg C (353 K). Such climates are challenging for the early Earth warmed by the faint young Sun.
As part of a wider search for radio emission from nearby systems known or suspected to contain extrasolar planets ϵ Eridani was observed by the Jansky Very Large Array (VLA) in the 2-4 GHz and 4-8 GHz frequency bands.
Magnetically active stars possess stellar winds whose interaction with planetary magnetic fields produces radio auroral emission. We examine the detectability of radio auroral emission from Proxima b, the closest known exosolar planet orbiting our nearest neighboring star, Proxima Centauri.
Since the mid-1990s, when the first planet around another Sun-like star was discovered, astronomers have been amassing what is now a large collection of exoplanets -- nearly 3,500 have been confirmed so far.
With continued improvement in telescope sensitivity and observational techniques, the search for rocky planets in stellar habitable zones is entering an exciting era. With so many exoplanetary systems available for follow-up observations to find potentially habitable planets, one needs to prioritise the ever-growing list of candidates.
The recent discovery of the planetary system hosted by the ultracool dwarf star TRAPPIST-1 could open new

########
Rank: 17
Score: 55.443027
Retrieved Text: The phrase 'big fish eat little fish' may hold true when it comes to planets and stars. Perhaps as many as 100 million of the sun-like stars in our galaxy harbor close-orbiting gas giant planets like Jupiter, or stillborn stars known as brown dwarfs, which are doomed to be gobbled up by their parent stars. Space Telescope Science Institute astronomer Mario Livio and postdoctoral fellow Lionel Siess did not directly observe the planets, because they had already been swallowed by their parent stars. But Livio did find significant telltale evidence that some giant stars once possessed giant planets that were then swallowed up. The devouring stars release excessive amounts of infrared light, spin rapidly, and are polluted with the element lithium.
About 4 to 8 percent of the stars in our galaxy display these characteristics, according to Livio and Siess. This is consistent with estimates of close orbiting giant planets, based on discoveries of extrasolar planets by radial velocity observations, which measure the amount of wobble in a star due to the gravitational tug of an unseen companion. An aging solar-type star will expand to a red giant and in the process engulf any close-orbiting planets. If the planets are the mass of Jupiter, or greater, they will have a profound effect on the red giant's evolution. First, according to Livio's calculations, such a star is bigger and brighter because it absorbs gravitational energy from the orbiting companion. This heats the star so that it puffs off expanding shells of dust, which radiate excessive amounts of infrared

########
Rank: 18
Score: 55.32914
Retrieved Text: U.S. scientists have spotted the first Earth-size planets which are orbiting a sun-like star outside our solar system, NASA announced on Tuesday. The planets are unlikely to support life.
NASA said its Kepler mission, which was launched in March 2009 and was named after German astronomer Johannes Kepler who lived in the 17th century, has discovered the first planets, identified as Kepler-20e and Kepler-20f, which are similar in size to Earth and orbiting a sun-like star. But they are too close to their star to be in the so-called habitable zone where liquid water could exist on a planet’s surface.
The newly discovered planets, which NASA considers to be an important milestone in the ultimate search for planets like Earth, are thought to be rocky.
Kepler-20e is slightly smaller than Venus, measuring 0.87 times the radius of Earth, while Kepler-20f is slightly larger than Earth, measuring 1.03 times its radius. Both planets reside in a five-planet system called Kepler-20, approximately 1,000 light-years away in the constellation Lyra.
Kepler-20e’s and Kepler-20f’s orbital periods, which are every 6.1 days and every 19.6 days respectively, mean very hot, inhospitable worlds. Kepler-20f, at 800 degrees Fahrenheit (426 degrees Celsius), is similar to an average day on the planet Mercury. The surface temperature of Kepler-20e, at more than 1,400 degrees Fahrenheit (760 degrees Celsius), would melt glass.
The Kepler-20 system includes three other planets that are larger than Earth but smaller than Neptune. Kepler-20b, the closest planet, Kepler-20c, the third planet, and Kepler-20d, the fifth planet, orbit their star every 3.7, 10.9 and 77.6 days. All

########
Rank: 19
Score: 55.306923
Retrieved Text: A terrestrial planet is a planet which is mostly composed of silicate rocks.
Terrestrial planets are substantially different from gas giants, which may not have solid surfaces and are composed mostly of some combination of hydrogen, helium, and water -- existing in various physical states.
Terrestrial planets all have roughly the same structure: a central metallic core, mostly iron, with a surrounding silicate mantle.
the earth or a planet that resembles the earth in its physical characteristics.
The terrestrial planets in the solar system are the earth, Mercury, Venus, and Mars; Pluto is sometimes also classified as a terrestrial planet.
They are considerably denser than the Jovian planets, ranging from a specific gravity of 4 for Mars to 5.5 for the earth.
A terrestrial planet or telluric planet is a planet which is primarily composed of silicate rocks.
Terrestrial planets are substantially different from gas giants, which may not have solid surfaces and are composed mostly of some combination of hydrogen, helium, and water existing in various physical states.
Three possible terrestrial planets have been discovered orbiting the stars Mu Arae, 55 Cancri and GJ 436.
terrestrial planet the earth or a planet that resembles the earth in its physical characteristics.
The terrestrial planets in the solar system are the earth, Mercury, Venus, and Mars.
A bibliography of Idaho freshwater and terrestrial mollusks.
Terrestrial Planet Finder will take family portraits of stars and their orbiting planets and determine which planets may have the right chemistry to sustain life.
One great challenge is how to detect planets against the blinding glare of their parent star, an effort that has been

########
Rank: 20
Score: 55.303757
Retrieved Text: Astronomers have discovered that a huge, searing-hot planet orbiting another star is loaded with an unusual amount of carbon. The planet, a gas giant named WASP-12b, is the first carbon-rich world ever observed. The discovery was made using NASA's Spitzer Space Telescope, along with previously published ground-based observations.
"This planet reveals the astounding diversity of worlds out there," said Nikku Madhusudhan of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Cambridge, lead author of a report in the Dec. 9 issue of the journal Nature. "Carbon-rich planets would be exotic in every way -- formation, interiors and atmospheres."
It's possible that WASP-12b might harbor graphite, diamond, or even a more exotic form of carbon in its interior, beneath its gaseous layers. Astronomers don't currently have the technology to observe the cores of exoplanets, or planets orbiting stars beyond our sun, but their theories hint at these intriguing possibilities.
The research also supports theories that carbon-rich rocky planets much less massive than WASP-12b could exist around other stars. Our Earth has rocks like quartz and feldspar, which are made of silicon and oxygen plus other elements. A carbon-rich rocky planet could be a very different place.
"A carbon-dominated terrestrial world could have lots of pure carbon rocks, like diamond or graphite, as well as carbon compounds like tar," said Joseph Harrington of the University of Central Florida, in Orlando, who is the principal investigator of the research.
Carbon is a common component of planetary systems and a key ingredient of life on Earth. Astronomers often measure carbon-to-oxygen ratios to get an idea of a star's

########
Rank: 21
Score: 55.217762
Retrieved Text: We present the discovery of a transiting exoplanet candidate in the K2 Field-1 with an orbital period of 9.1457 hours: EPIC 201637175b. The highly variable transit depths, ranging from ∼0% to 1.3%, are suggestive of a planet that is disintegrating via the emission of dusty effluents. We characterize the host star as anM-dwarf with Teff ≃ 3800. We have obtained ground-based transit measurements with several 1-m class telescopes and with the GTC. These observations (1) improve the transit ephemeris; (2) confirm the variable nature of the transit depths; (3) indicate variations in the transit shapes; and (4) demonstrate clearly that at least on one occasion the transit depths were significantly wavelength dependent. The latter three effects tend to indicate extinction of starlight by dust rather than by any combination of solid bodies. The K2 observations yield a folded light curve with lower time resolution but with substantially better statistical precision compared with the ground-based observations. We detect a significant “bump’ just after the transit egress, and a less significant bump just prior to transit ingress. We interpret these bumps in the context of a planet that is not only likely streaming a dust tail behind it, but also has a more prominent leading dust trail that precedes it. This effect is modeled in terms of dust grains that can escape to beyond the planet’s Hill sphere and effectively undergo ‘Roche lobe overflow’, even though the planet’s surface is likely underfilling its Roche lobe by a factor of 2.
KEPLER find two moons around a Neptune !!!
That's our

########
Rank: 22
Score: 55.0457
Retrieved Text: Scientists say that the new found 'super earth' is too hot for life to exist there.
An international team of astronomers has found more than 60 new planets, including a rocky ‘super earth’ revolving close to our earth’s solar system. The astronomers also found an evidence of additional 54 planets which brings the potential discovery of new worlds to 114.
According to the UK’s University of Hertfordshire, a particular planet named Gliese 411b has been generating a lot of attention. Astronomers describe the planet as ‘hot super-Earth with a rocky surface’, which is located in the fourth-nearest star system to the sun, making it the third-nearest planetary system to the Sun.
Dr Mikko Tuomi from the University said that, despite the ‘super earth’ label given to the planet, it is too hot for life to exist on its surface.
The planet Gliese 411b orbits the star Gliese 411 and they both are located 8 light years away from the Earth. A light year is a unit of astronomical distance equivalent to the distance that light travels in one year which is nearly 6 trillion miles.
Dr Tuomi, who was involved in this discovery said that the latest batch of planets marks a significant discovery.
“Over the recent years, it has been established as a scientific fact that there are more planets in the Universe than there are stars. This means that virtually every star has a planet, or several of them, orbiting it,” he said in an interview given to the New Your Post.
“Our discovery of dozens of new nearby planets highlights

########
Rank: 23
Score: 54.985218
Retrieved Text: • In the year since NASA announced the seven Earth-sized planets of the TRAPPIST-1 system, scientists have been working hard to better understand these enticing worlds just 40 light-years away. Thanks to data from a combination of space- and ground-based telescopes, we know more about TRAPPIST-1 than any other planetary system besides our solar system.
• Since 2017, we knew the TRAPPIST-1 system had seven earth-sized planets. Now in 2018, a study using new data--including extensive observations by NASA's Spitzer and Kepler space telescopes--has provided more information about this amazing system.
• This video shows artist's concepts of the seven Earth-sized planets of TRAPPIST-1, an exoplanet system about 40 light-years away, based on data current as of February 2018. Each planet is shown in sequence, starting with the innermost TRAPPIST-1 b and ending with the outermost TRAPPIST-1 h.
• One year ago, astronomers announced the discovery that seven roughly Earth-sized worlds orbited around the nearby star TRAPPIST-1. Now a year later, additional data have refined our understanding of these planets.We now know more about the TRAPPIST-1 system than any other solar system other than our own.
• NASA's Spitzer Space Telescope has revealed the first known system of seven Earth-size planets around a single star. Three of these planets are located in an area called the habitable zone, where liquid water is most likely to thrive on a rocky planet. The system sets a new record for greatest number of habitable zone planets found outside our solar system.
• This video details a system of seven planets orbiting TRAPPIST-1, a discovery

########
Rank: 24
Score: 54.70862
Retrieved Text: The first planet around another star was discovered as recently as 1995, and already today we know from the use of several different techniques that a few thousand of them exist. We are now able, for the first time, to put a number on how many Earth-like planets exist in the Galaxy.
Our team at the MiNDSTEp Consortium uses the so-called microlensing method, which is particularly sensitive to planets like those in our own solar system. The results complement those of the Kepler satellite and many years of radial velocity planet hunting. Put together, the three methods estimate that 10 billion stars in the Milky Way will have a planet in its habitable zone. This means that a typical star in the Milky Way Galaxy has 1.6 planets of 5 Earth-masses or more, orbiting in the region corresponding to that between Venus and Saturn in our solar system.
The habitable zone is the distance from the star where the temperature is right for liquid water, and, therefore, in principle right for the existence of life as we know it on Earth. On average, a typical star will have about 4 small rocky planets in the inner part of its planetary system. This is the region where we find Mercury, Venus, Earth, and Mars in our own solar system. In the outer part, where we find the gas-giants Jupiter, Saturn, Uranus and Neptune in our own solar system, a typical solar system is empty. Our solar system is, therefore, fairly typical in its inner part, but very atypical in

########
Rank: 25
Score: 54.430134
Retrieved Text: This story was updated at 10:16 p.m. ET.
SEATTLE — Astronomers announced the discovery today (Jan. 10) of the first "unquestionably rocky" alien world — a planet called Kepler-10b.
Scientists have announced other rocky exoplanets in the past, but Kepler-10b earns its title, researchers said, because they're sure of its composition. And that's because they know its host star so well. In fact, the Kepler-10 star is one of the most well-characterized planet-hosting stars in the universe.
Once researchers first picked up Kepler-10b's signal, back in 2009, they trained the Kepler Space Telescope on its parent star, located about 560 light-years from Earth. Scientists took extremely detailed measurements of the star's brightness oscillations, using this information to probe its interior, in much the same way that geologists use earthquakes to study Earth's interior.
This method, called asteroseismology, allows researchers to learn a great deal about a star's structure, including its size. Once the scientists had this information in hand, they used it to deduce how big, and how dense, Kepler-10b was.
Researchers now know the properties of the parent star within 2 to 6 percent, Natalie Batalha, leader of the study announcing the new planet's discovery, told reporters here today at the winter meeting of the American Astronomical Society.
"We know what this star is," Batalha said.
Batalha and her colleagues made their discovery using NASA's Kepler Space Telescope, whose primary mission is to hunt down potentially habitable Earth-like planets in our galaxy. Kepler finds alien planets that pass in front of their host stars, picking up on the tiny brightness dips that

########
Rank: 26
Score: 54.415653
Retrieved Text: Yesterday, NASA released the first photographs of the dwarf planet Pluto and its main satellite Charon taken by the space probe New Horizons after its awakening. The spacecraft was still over 200 million kilometers (about 126 million miles) away from Pluto but February 4, 2015 was the 109th anniversary of the birth of Clyde Tombaugh, who in 1930 discovered the dwarf planet. A small portion of Tombaugh’s ashes were placed aboard New Horizons.
Using data collected by the Kepler space telescope, a group of researchers led by asteroseismologists from the University of Birmingham discovered five planets orbiting the star Kepler-444. They’re small rocky planets: the smallest has a size similar to Mercury, the largest has a diameter about three-quarters of the Earth. Another special feature is that the star Kepler-444 is very ancient, with an age estimated to around 11.2 billion years.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 54.27371
Retrieved Text: Planetary ping-pong might have built the strange worlds known as hot Jupiters. Fresh research suggests that collisions between young planets could have formed the cores of these massive gas giants, challenging the long-held idea that they migrated in from the outer edges of their systems.
Most of the first exoplanets identified were hot Jupiters, gas giants that orbit their stars in days or even hours.
“The presence of hot Jupiters has been a major surprise with planet-hunting, and their existence has immediately challenged planet-formation theory,” says Aaron Boley of the University of British Columbia in Vancouver, Canada.
Early theories suggested that these worlds must have formed at least as far from their stars as Earth is from our sun, before moving inward.
But the influx of planets discovered with NASA’s Kepler telescope challenged that idea. Kepler has spotted large, rocky planets called super-Earths and mini-Neptunes orbiting near their stars. Such planets should have gathered gas and dust as they travelled inward, ultimately becoming gas giants. The fact that they remained rocky suggested they could have formed closer to their stars.
In addition, the telescope has turned up systems where several rocky planets are packed closely with their star, which researchers call systems of tightly packed inner planets (STIPs). Most of these systems will eventually become unstable and send their planets crashing into one another.
If those collisions happened slowly enough, the planets could stick together and form the core of a new planet. And if they happened before the material around the star dissipated, which takes about 10 million years, that core

########
Rank: 28
Score: 54.21691
Retrieved Text: MIAMI (AFP) - Astronomers hunting for another Earth have found what may be the closest match yet, a potentially rocky planet circling its star at the same distance as the Earth orbits the Sun, Nasa said Thursday.
Not only is this planet squarely in the Goldilocks zone - where life could exist because it is neither too hot nor too cold to support liquid water - its star looks like an older cousin of our Sun, the US space agency said.
That means the planet, which is 1,400 light-years away, could offer a glimpse into the Earth's apocalyptic future, scientists said.
Known as Kepler 452b, the planet was detected by the US space agency's Kepler Space Telescope, which has been hunting for other worlds like ours since 2009.
"Kepler 452b is orbiting a close cousin of our Sun, but one that is 1.5 billion years older," Nasa said in a statement.
Its star is 4 per cent more massive than the Sun and 10 per cent brighter.
If the planet is rocky, and scientists believe that it has a better than even chance of being just that, then it could be in the midst of a fearful scenario, as the heat from its dying star evaporates Kepler 452b's lakes and oceans.
"If Kepler 452b is indeed a rocky planet, its location vis-a-vis its star could mean that it is just entering a runaway greenhouse phase of its climate history," said Doug Caldwell, a Search for Extraterrestrial Intelligence (Seti) Institute scientist working on the Kepler mission.
"The increasing energy from its ageing sun might be

########
Rank: 29
Score: 54.148914
Retrieved Text: n November 12, 2002, Dr. John Chambers of the NASA Ames - search Center gave a seminar to the Astrobiology Group at the OUniversity of Washington. The audience of about 100 listened with rapt attention as Chambers described results from a computer study of how planetary systems form. The goal of his research was to answer a dec- tively simple question: How often would newly forming planetary systems produce Earth-like planets, given a star the size of our own sun? By “Ear- like” Chambers meant a rocky planet with water on its surface, orbiting within a star’s “habitable zone. ” This not-too-hot and not-too-cold inner - gion, relatively close to the star, supports the presence of liquid water on a planet surface for hundreds of million of years—the time-span probably n- essary for the evolution of life. To answer the question of just how many Earth-like planets might be spawned in such a planetary system, Chambers had spent thousands of hours running highly sophisticated modeling p- grams through arrays of powerful computers. x Preface to the Paperback Edition The results presented at the meeting were startling. The simulations showed that rocky planets orbiting at the “right” distances from the central star are easily formed, but they can end up with a wide range of water c- tent.

================



======= Instance Index 1436 =========
Input Text: John wanted respect, but  Lud didn't even act like he was alive.  What was Lud doing?
Choose the most suitable option to answer the above question.
Options:
- befriending
- disparagement
- ignoring
- dishonor
- contumely

Target Text: ignoring

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 60.803806
Retrieved Text: Welcome to the first in what we hope to be a successful set of short stories on Knights and Dames in the American Association that are doing great works, not only within the Order of Malta but extraordinary service to humanity in their lives. The first story in the series is about a gentleman that was recommended by his Area Chair in Michigan. I sincerely hope you enjoy learning about Ludvik (Lud) Koci, KM and his incredibly extraordinary life of 81 years.
I would first like to describe Lud as a gentleman that sees no restrictions or boundaries when he has a mission to serve God. He has an unreserved submission to the present moment of living a full life focused clearly on his faith and his 60-year marriage. He exhibits a beautiful essence of love for his wife Trudy. Together, 25 years ago they, with another couple that had a child disabled from an auto accident, founded a facility called Mary’s Children to serve the needs of disabled young adults. Lud and Trudy had 8 children, several adopted from countries from around the world. One of their adopted sons, Adam, from India, was diagnosed with a rare form of degenerative brain disease at the age of 17, with a life expectancy of a few years. The limitations in this article pale in comparison to the story of their 8 children and the astonishing love and complete commitment they have for all of their children, and now grandchildren. Adam’s diagnosis brought Lud and Trudy to a new

########
Rank: 1
Score: 46.819073
Retrieved Text: haha.. comel n klakaaa sangat2!!!
beladaaa....not funny!!!!hahahahaha...so cute..what was he trying to say actually? there's a chilli stuck in his brother's tooth ke apa???
tu laa.. so cute!! he was trying to tell his daddy that there's blood on his bro's cheek..
but he pronounced it as buh-lud-der..
i watched this video like a zillions times already..

########
Rank: 2
Score: 45.899597
Retrieved Text: A novel highly conserved protein domain, DUF162 [Pfam: PF02589], can be mapped to two proteins: LutB and LutC. Both proteins are encoded by a highly conserved LutABC operon, which has been implicated in lactate utilization in bacteria. Based on our analysis of its sequence, structure, and recent experimental evidence reported by other groups, we hereby redefine DUF162 as the LUD domain family.
JCSG solved the first crystal structure [PDB:2G40] from the LUD domain family: LutC protein, encoded by ORF DR_1909, of Deinococcus radiodurans. LutC shares features with domains in the functionally diverse ISOCOT superfamily. We have observed that the LUD domain has an increased abundance in the human gut microbiome.
We propose a model for the substrate and cofactor binding and regulation in LUD domain. The significance of LUD-containing proteins in the human gut microbiome, and the implication of lactate metabolism in the radiation-resistance of Deinococcus radiodurans are discussed.
We are now in an era when we can routinely sequence the complete genomes of microbes and rapidly identify their protein coding complements. The sequences of millions of proteins are now known. Despite this wealth of information we are still far from understanding how all of these proteins operate to give rise to a living organism. At present, in a consistent percentage of proteins the predicted function remains unknown [1, 2]. From our analysis of 23 million proteins in the Pfam sequence database (Pfam release 27.0), 20% of them have no associated Pfam domain  and more are classified into DUF (Domains of Unknown Function) families . This uncharacterized set

########
Rank: 3
Score: 45.55063
Retrieved Text: Christmas might be next month, but we wanted to celebrate a little early. Welcome to the November 2013 Prize Vault!
This month, one community member (as voted on by the Game Podunk Moderators) will win their choice of any game (console or handheld only, no PC games), chosen from a list of five games that you give us. You will also get a number of other random prizes (*please see the disclaimer at the bottom about the used games that may be offered along with the random prizes)!
Contest qualifications this month will focus on thread creation, as well as general activity in the site. Create great quality topics, and be active on Game Podunk, to increase your chances of winning... but make sure you don't tread into spam territory! You can check 'Rules/Qualifications' for more information.
The Prize Vault this month will focus on general user activity and thread creation. Stay active and strike up some conversations in the forums to increase your chances of winning! Just be sure to not tread into spam territory!
Note: This is just a sample of the games you could ask for!
Like it says above, the November Prize Vault focuses on general activity, as well as thread creation. Remember, though, great conversations can't really happen without great threads, so if you want to win, try and make some new threads to strike up a conversation!
Great threads and comments will get you noticed, so make sure to make quality posts and topics that impress!
Heyoooo! It's been a while since we had a Prize Vault

########
Rank: 4
Score: 43.601032
Retrieved Text: Within five minutes of setting foot on the Isle of Wight I was sitting in a pub, swigging a beer and enjoying the relaxed pace of island life.
The journey from Portsmouth to Ryde took ten minutes by Hovercraft, a mode of transport once considered the future of sea travel but, aside from this little service, quickly consigned to the backwaters of Wikipedia.
If you’ve got a ticket to Ryde then the Lud should be your first port of call. The pub is handily positioned close to ferry, hovercraft and bus terminals and is slap-bang on the seafront.
It may look like a modest mock Tudor boozer on the outside, but on the inside it’s slightly disappointing. It has a touch of an old working man’s club about it.
That said, there’s plenty on offer for the casual punter.
If you fancy some amusement then you can play games such as Monopoly, Connect 4, dominoes and even Twister. However, if you choose the latter then you’ll need some washing-up liquid and some plucky pals.
There’s even a fine selection of books available too, although it’s going to take a certain kind of pubgoer to thumb through the weighty tome that is Active Server Pages 3.0.
For those looking for a more free-flowing read there’s the Concise Oxford Dictionary.
Reading can be thirsty work, so it’s just as well the Lud serves some decent ales.
I opted for a local brew, Yates’s Sunfire – a gloriously golden ale with a lingering aftertaste, perfect for summer drinking.
I arrived early one afternoon for a pint and then went

########
Rank: 5
Score: 43.288635
Retrieved Text: ChaChaDiaries: The PhatGayKid aka Jonnie strikes back!!!
I saw his channel the first time months ago when he was just starting and have been posting videos of him on my Facebook page. One friend from Facebook recently posted a video of him and totally made me curious how his channel has been doing.
Too bad he got cut when he is about to do Ludacris' rap part or as he calls his Lud-I-Cris! He never fails to give me the LOLZ!!!

########
Rank: 6
Score: 42.870567
Retrieved Text: The way this book started really threw me when I first read it. It was too… alive.
The Gunslinger takes place entirely in a desert – featureless, dry, unchanging. The Drawing of the Three takes place on a beach – featureless, slightly less dry, unchanging. With this book, a few months have gone by and Our Heroes are in a rather lush forest, without the privation that they had gone through in the previous books. They weren’t desperately racing the clock to try and find food or medicine or water, but rather were going at their own pace, according to what they wanted to do.
It felt weird to me, honestly.
In any event, that is how the book begins – Roland has taken Eddie and Suzannah (formerly Odetta/Detta) under his wing and is training them as apprentice gunslingers. They’re learning to shoot, to hunt, and to trust the instincts that they have so long let lie dormant. When they accidentally awaken a gargantuan insane robot bear named Shardik, they discover the path of the Beam, which finally sets them on their way to the Dark Tower.
But all is not well. There is a problem, you see, one having to do with the very nature of the events that have gone before us, and it has to do with young Jake Chambers.
In The Gunslinger, Roland meets Jake, who has been transported to Roland’s world after dying in his own. The last thing the boy remembers was being pushed in front of a speeding Cadillac while on his way to

########
Rank: 7
Score: 42.352367
Retrieved Text: Residents in the Lookout Lane neighborhood of Kitsap County, Washington, tired of shoddy DSL do they joined forces to take advantage of publicly owned fiber. By the end of 2016, this group of organized neighbors anticipates connecting to the Kitsap Public Utility District (KPUD) open access fiber network.
According to the October newsletter from the Northwest Open Access Network (NoaNet), neighbors in the Lookout Lane area had dealt with slow DSL for some time, paying $60 per month for speeds that rarely reached 1 Megabit per second (Mbps). Some of the residents have careers in the tech industry and required high-speed connections to work from home, but the national incumbent would not invest in upgrades. Lack of high-quality Internet access also caused several home sales to fall through.
Members in the neighborhood decided to petition the KPUD to form a Local Utility District (LUD), to fund their portion of the cost of a fiber expansion to their homes. KPUD would finance the cost of deployment to the edge of the neighborhood. Residents decided the investment was worth an assessment on their property rather than contending with the outdated technology offered by the incumbent.
The Lookout Lane LUD is the first in the state of Washington established for Internet infrastructure.
How does a LUD work?

########
Rank: 8
Score: 41.779213
Retrieved Text: Remember Seth, the Washington state homeowner who was putting his recently purchased house up for sale because no one — not Comcast, not CenturyLink, not his county — was willing or able to provide the broadband connection he needed for his home office? We’re happy to tell you that Seth is still in the house and he can now go online.
We’d been checking in with Seth in the months since running his story and knew that something was in the works, but didn’t want to spoil his efforts by posting anything until after everything had been connected.
For those coming late to the story, here’s a quick recap.
Seth and his family relocated to Washington from the Bay Area at the beginning of 2015. He is a software developer who works remotely from his home office, so he needs a decent and dependable broadband connection.
Before moving, he’d checked with Comcast multiple times that his new address had service, but when the install tech came, it became clear that the nearest Comcast connection was more than a thousand feet from his property.
CenturyLink also claimed to service Seth’s address, but then told him that — in spite of what the company’s website says — no, his part of town had not yet been built out and there was no plan to do so.
Kitsap County, where Seth now lives, operates a high-speed fiberoptic broadband network but Washington state law prohibits municipalities from selling Internet access directly to consumers.
Other options — satellite, microwave broadband, dial-up — were either inadequate for Seth’s needs

########
Rank: 9
Score: 41.755436
Retrieved Text: Turn the box inside out, and it becomes a collector’s piece!
The Cost: $28.95 per month + $5 U.S. shipping. Discounts on longer subscriptions.
The Products: Anime themed t-shirt, accessories, snacks, and collectibles.
Ships to: USA, Canada, and a list of other countries here. Shipping varies per country.
Loot Anime includes a poster in lieu of an info card. There’s a product list with photos of each item on the back. This month, the poster is “Transform” themed.
I also got this promo card for this DragonBall Z event!
All Might is the name of the superhero of all superheroes in My Hero Academia. While in superhero form he is bombastic, extroverted, and excessively dramatic, in his normal state he suffers from bad health and looks frail and weak. He is overall an incredibly interesting character and I am happy to see him on this handsome grey shirt.
This shirt is a really pale grey with red, black, and blue graphics. It features the heroes of Robotech, Roy, Rick, Max, and Miriya, one of the veritechs, and some seriously awesome stripes.
The war hero known as Silver Wolf – Lud Langart – pilots a humanoid assault weapon while he dreams of life as a baker. With the war over, Lud now peacefully runs his bakery, but thanks to his frightening scowl, he can’t sell a single loaf of bread. After posting an ad for a waitress in a last ditch effort to save his business, who should reply but a beautiful silver-haired, red-eyed young girl. What Lud doesn’t know is that this new waitress

########
Rank: 10
Score: 41.649155
Retrieved Text: Download Emilia Ti Si Lud 88o 8 A8 C4 MP3 and MP4. The best collections about Emilia Ti Si Lud 88o 8 A8 C4 you can download with easy. Available for MP3 with 128kbps, 192kbps dan 256kbps quality and MP4 Videos with HD and best quality.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 41.186684
Retrieved Text: Info Lud Kramer was born into a wealthy New York family on June 10, 1932. After graduating from Brooks Academy in Andover, Massachusetts, he joined the Air Force, serving as a sergeant for four years. He moved to Tacoma in 1955 after completing his military service, and began a career in banking. There he met and married his wife Patricia, with whom he had four children.
The Kramers moved to Seattle, and in 1961, at age 29, Lud Kramer was elected to the Seattle City Council. On the council, Kramer supported efforts by fellow council member Wing Luke to enact an open housing law banning racial discrimination in housing. Voters rejected their efforts in a March 1964, referendum, but an open housing law was subsequently passed in 1968.
In 1964, Kramer won the Republican nomination to challenge incumbent Secretary of State Vic Meyers (1898-1991), the former bandleader who had served five terms as Lieutenant Governor and two as Secretary of State. Kramer campaigned alongside Senate President Dan Evans (b. 1925), a fellow moderate Republican who was challenging two-term governor Albert D. Rosellini (b. 1910). The two young progressives ousted the Democratic incumbents, overcoming what was otherwise a Democratic landslide -- President Lyndon B. Johnson (1908-1973) and Senator Henry M. "Scoop" Jackson (1912-1983) won by huge margins and Democrats took every other statewide office.
"He had such a big heart. If he found something that upset him, he'd say, "We'll take care of that" (Kaiman).
Kramer traveled to migrant farmworker camps and volatile urban neighborhoods to hear residents' grievances. He registered

########
Rank: 12
Score: 41.16969
Retrieved Text: With the 2012 summer games starting in just days, will the host city become the hottest appellation of the year?
Our Baby Name of the Day is London.
Place names have been all the rage for some time, but London is a late comer to the game. It first entered the US Top 1000 for girls in 1994, then disappeared, only to resurface in 1999 and climb steadily, reaching #94 in 2011. For boys, London debuted in the year 2000, peaked at #507 in 2010, and now seems to have been conceded to Team Pink.
You’re forgiven if the first time you heard the name you thought it might be a joke. Hilton heiress Paris Whitney was making noise in the gossip columns as early as 1993. Her reality show with fellow celebutante Nicole Richie made her a household name in 2003. Two years later, the Disney Channel’s successful original series, The Suite Life of Zack & Cody, gave the name London Tipton to their resident hotel heiress.
But as international cities go, London is a pretty logical choice for a child’s name. When rocker Slash welcomed son London Emilio in 2002, Landon was gaining quickly. London is equally at home with modern girl’s choices, like Madison, Brooklyn, and Peyton.
King Lud may have ruled Britain before the Romans arrived. According to Geoffrey of Monmouth, Lud inspired the place name. Some also give Lud credit for Ludgate and Ludgate Hill, site of St. Paul’s Cathedral, but that’s contested. Geoffrey’s work is generally considered more legend than reliable history, so even if

########
Rank: 13
Score: 40.206226
Retrieved Text: After being viciously mauled by Oy and shot repetitively by Jake, Andrew Quick laid on the floor of the Grays command center, waiting to die. During the brief interlude, he fondly remembers his youth in Lud. There was an orchard long ago in one of Luds many parks, and Andrew worked the presses. He fondly remembered the flavor of those freshly pressed apples, parched during his last moments. Tick-Tocks fond reminisces made me recollect some fond flavors from my childhood as well. One of those fond flavors was apple soda pop.
This juice is just that. The overly sweet flavor of ripe apples, accompanied by the tiny bubbles of pop.
Really like this one, very nice apple flavor, really tasty in my rta's.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 40.1551
Retrieved Text: Region 1 ranked fifth in the nationwide tally of the most number of human rabies cases in 2018, health authorities reported.
Dr. Jimuel Cardenas, chief of local health support division of DOH-1, said rabies cases in the region are considered alarming citing that from January 1, 2019, to March 27, 2019, six deaths due to human rabies have been recorded– Pangasinan has five cases and La Union, one.
“The number of deaths this quarter is close to half of the total cases reported for the whole year in 2018 at 20 deaths,” said Cardenas.
Of the death cases last year, 13 were from Pangasinan, four from La Union, Ilocos Sur, three, and Ilocos Norte had zero fatality.
“Ages of fatalities in 2018 ranged from nine to 87 years old,” said Cardenas, who appealed to the public to support the government efforts to curb the incidence of rabies in the region.
The DOH division chief said the full implementation of Republic Act 9482 or the Anti-Rabies Act of 2007 is the key to address the issue on rabies.
“The law already spells out the responsibilities of pet owners, government agencies concerned, local government units, and assistance from non-government organizations and academe,” he stressed.
Meanwhile, Dr. Julien Joan Lud-ayen, chief of the infectious disease unit of DOH-1, said Region 1 must also be on guard against animal bites.
She said in 2018, there were 75,329 cases of animal bites in the region citing Pangasinan as the second scorer nationwide with 50,385 cases.
“Most victims of the animal bites were aged above 15 years old at 59 percent,”

########
Rank: 15
Score: 39.658474
Retrieved Text: What are the requirements for the integration of municipalities?
When do integration requirements have to be completed?
A new Local Urban District (LUD) is being formed in the new amalgamated municipality. When do LUD committees take office?
A non-functioning Local Urban District (LUD) is being dissolved. When does the term of office for the existing LUD Committee end?
Can the new Council of the new, amalgamated municipality finalize (ie give third reading) to a by-law initiated by a former municipality prior to amalgamation?
Is the new, amalgamated municipality responsible for retaining and archiving records of the former municipalities after amalgamation?
What can CAOs do before January 1, 2015 to plan for how the new municipality will be staffed?
Does the salary, vacation time, sick time and seniority of employees of the former municipalities continue after amalgamation?
What happens when one amalgamating municipality is unionized and the other is not? What happens when amalgamating municipalities have different unions?
Why is it important for amalgamating municipalities to complete their previous years' financial statements?
Our new, amalgamated municipality will be using differential mill rates in the former municipalities on a transitional basis. To accommodate this, can we prepare a separate 2015 financial plan for each of the former municipalities?
Should amalgamated municipalities open a new bank account or should they continue to use existing bank accounts?
When will 2015 Boards of Revision be held and who will sit on the Board?
Will property assessments change as a result of amalgamation?
Will the new, amalgamated municipality get a combined tax roll for budget purposes in 2015?
When will the new, amalgamated municipality get its combined

########
Rank: 16
Score: 39.219627
Retrieved Text: In this paper, we design a hardware and energy-efficient stochastic lower–upper decomposition (LUD) scheme for multiple-input multiple-output receivers. By employing stochastic computation, the complex arithmetic operations in LUD can be performed with simple logic gates. With proposed dual partition computation method, the stochastic multiplier and divider exhibit high computation accuracy with relative short length stochastic stream. The proposed architecture of this paper analysis the logic size, area and power consumption using Xilinx 14.2.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 39.062176
Retrieved Text: As this image shows we are a sort of outlying “suburb” to Si Bun Ruang central.
The relationship between our land and the family home.
Out cleared land shown clearly here. A good sized block.
The family farm outlined. It is split between seven children but only worked by two of them. Gaun owns two sections in the middle as she bought out brother number 5.
You can see the dilemma with rural farming here. Farms are broken down into unsustainable sizes if all family members wanted to make a living working on the land. Thankfully only Yuan/Lud and Paed/Tham are working the farm and they get all the produce/income from the land.
And this is the farmhouse under the Google “pin” in the photo above.
Just for interest I am doing more research on building costs now that my house plans have been finalised and we move closer to getting started. A post will be published soon.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 38.88583
Retrieved Text: My condolences to Lud, Suzy, Christopher. I don't know if you remember me. Arline and I became friends when we worked at Transitional Living Services together in the late 70s. Then I moved away in 1980 to Maryland and we eventually lost touch. I am so sorry to hear of Arline's passing. I recently moved back to central NY and hoped to re-connect with her. I have wonderful memories of time spent with her. We had wonderful, deep conversations on all sorts of subjects and some whimsical, lighthearted chats too. May you find peace.
College roommates at SUNY Albany; sorority sisters; housemates in Copaigue and Syracuse, New York; and San Francisco; friends for 67 years! I shall miss our phone conversations: your wonderful jokes; advice on book club selections; political and religious discussions. How lucky I have been to have met you in 1952 - all due to the fateful college dorm application form which asked for preferences in a roommate. We both said the same thing: "An English major with a sense of humor." To boot: we both lived on Morningside Drive: Arline in Elmira and I in Croton-on-Hudson, New York. When we met at Pierce Hall I was impressed: a tall beautiful blonde! I was the opposite: a short plump redhead. But we were both compatible - outgoing, anxious for a good education and good friends! Thanks for being such a wonderful lifelong friend, Arline!
I’m so sorry for your loss. I hope you find comfort in Jesus words at John 5:28,29. There Jesus promised a

########
Rank: 19
Score: 38.846184
Retrieved Text: I believe in golf for everybody not just the wealthy. Golf is a game to bring people together, a recreation for the community, a place to gather in the outdoors, a place to teach kids virtues and ethics that will translate in any social setting and become a positive factor in right human relations on a larger scale around the planet.
So saving a local muni in our very own backyard has become a focus of energy not just for me and my company Linksoul but for the entire Oceanside community. Previously known as 'Center City Golf Course' was originally built as a 9 hole par 36 in 1952. It was later redesigned in the 80's as an 18 hole short course of par 66 and 5,000 yards long. The locals have know it as Goat Hill since that time. This city owned land was leased to Lud Kuenig and he was a great steward of junior golf and community golf.
Unfortunately Lud died in 2006. Since that time a series of unfortunate events had left the course in horrible shape and in a state of disrepair. The city of Oceanside had put an RFP out on the site which had attracted several big time developers licking their chops at the location and to bury it in concrete that would forevermore lose this beautiful patch of green for the community to recreate.
Lead by the Linksoul Company and a group of like minded locals we put in our own proposal to clean up the site and make it better

########
Rank: 20
Score: 38.476852
Retrieved Text: March 20th, 2017: William 'Bill' Merit True passed away. Bill True was an F/506 paratrooper who wrote 'The Cow Spoke French' in 2002.
Bill volunteered for the Paratroops in August 1942 and went all the way from Normandy to the Eagles Nest with the 101st A/B Division.
Click on his picture below to visit our tribute to William Merit True.
February 1st, 2017: Edward Tipper of E/506, 101st A/B Division, passed away at age 95. Ed volunteered for the Paratroops after 'Pearl Harbor'.
He jumped into Normandy during D-Day and was serverely wounded six days later. He was rewarded with a Bronze Star for his WWII efforts.
November 28th, 2015: Major Henry 'Duke' Boswell died, aged 91. He joined the National Guard in 1940 at 16 years old, and served until 1963.
Duke made four combat jumps with the 82nd A/B in Sicily, Italy, Normandy and The Netherlands, and fought in the Bulge and Germany.
After WWII he also saw action in the Korean conflict, where he was wounded by mortar fire. He returned to Normandy in the 2000's.
March 8th, 2014: William 'Bill' Guarnere passed away. He will always be knows as 'Wild Bill'. An original Toccoa man within E/506th PIR.
Bill was a fearless leader wild a legendary wild side. A two-man team, post-war, with Babe Heffron, who passed away 3 months before Bill.
Click on his picture below to visit our tribute to 'Wild' Bill Guarnere.
March 6th, 2014: Dr. Frank Jobe passed away, aged 88. He joined the Army at age 18 and served as a sergeant in the 326th Airborne Medical Company.
Jobe

########
Rank: 21
Score: 37.596497
Retrieved Text: Firstly, let’s get something straight. Oktoberfest is in September. ‘K?
It lasts for sixteen days (or, depending on when October 1st falls, seventeen, or even eighteen days), finishing in the first weekend of October. It is held to commemorate the wedding of King Ludwig I and Therese and was first held in 1810; therefore 2010 will be the bi-centennial Oktoberfest. It is held on a 42 hectare site called the Theresienwiese (Theresa’s meadow) which was donated by Lud to the city as a greenbelt area in honour of ‘er indoors, and so there would always be somewhere to have a bloody big party. Apart from twenty-four years when there has been warmongering going on, disease, or something else pretty drastic, Oktoberfest is held every year, without exception. Oh, and only breweries that have their facilities within the city limits of Munich can hawk their beer on the site.
But, Why is it called Oktoberfest if it’s in September? I hear you chunter… Well, quite a simple explanation, really. Originally, it was held in October, because Lud and Terri got spliced in early October but, it was moved forward because the weather in Bavaria at the end of September is really quite nice and hot and it makes people drink more. Simples!
OK a few stats and then I’ll shut up (more or less). Munich is the third largest city in Germany, with around one and a quarter million inhabitants. During the two weeks of Oktoberfest, more than SIX MILLION visitors come from all over the world to get pissed

########
Rank: 22
Score: 37.313686
Retrieved Text: Around 200 people filled the council chambers at Louth town hall for a public meeting about this year's summer floods. Representatives from the town council, the Environment Agency, Anglian Water, Lindsey Marsh Drainage Board and other responsible authorities explained their various roles in flood defence and fielded questions from the public about the issues.
Susan Dodge, whose home was devastated by the events of the 25th of June, spoke of the need to lobby the government for funds to enable "massive flood prevention". She is organising a petition to deliver to Hilary Benn, the current Environment Secretary, on this issue.
Many of the questions posed by the public revolved around the need to dredge the river Lud. A representative of the Environment Agency explained that the flood had remodelled the river bed, and this has meant that in some places holes have had to be filled in, in order to support the foundations of some of the walls that border the river. So flood prevention is not always a simple matter of cutting deeper and wider channels.
James Gillick, a local artist, stated that he was expecting to hear apologies from those people responsible for Louth's flood planning. He spoke about the low bridges in the town which act as dams, and of his concerns for safety when the flood waters rose 8 feet within 35 minutes on the 25th of June. "You are balancing your books against possible loss of life in Louth," he said.
John Brooker, a civil engineer, concurred. "Protecting the community by controlling the water that

########
Rank: 23
Score: 37.209103
Retrieved Text: Well, there it is. The first colourful leaf of autumn laying on our forest pathway. The trees themselves haven’t turned colour yet, but slowly the signs of autumn are beginning to appear. Around our neighbourhood the hydrangea blooms are withering and big pots of colourful mums are appearing. In the country John Deere green tractors go back and forth and back and forth preparing the land for winter. It’s sweater season and it’s my favourite time of year.
A solemn sight. I like the composition of those scattered leaves.
Here the trees did not discolour their leaves yet too, but this morning we had first frost.
Very interesting lighting, neat effects! And yes, we’ve got coloured leaves galore already. Ah well, it was bound to happen sometime!
Pretty, it looks painted! The leaves aren’t turning here yet, I think it’s been too hot.
We have a lonely out of season honeysuckle bloom on our plant. Very weird, but I’m sure that the hummy who owns the patio is enjoying it.
That’s a lovely autumn leaf. Autumn leaves are an endless source of fascination for me. I love holding them against the sun to take close-up photos, the colours and textures look even more beautiful that way.
It still doesn’t look much like autumn here, though. Today we had 35ºC. But sunlight is already different, more golden. I love this time of the year!
It seems this one left a bit early as there’s still green by the veins.
A beautiful picture of the first signs of ruska (Finnish for autumn colours).
Leaves have ben changing for

########
Rank: 24
Score: 37.04213
Retrieved Text: In which I tell where you can find me and how much I charge and why.
I know, I know, I just got back to posting last week. Worry not, after this rest, I’ll be more energized than ever before!
Avant Nation by CD Verhoff is a dystopian novel in the tradition of Brave New World and The Hunger Games. Like these books, much of the world is governed by a totalitarian regime that controls every aspect of its citizen’s lives. As for how the vast majority of citizens feel about it, the work skews far more towards Brave New World in that they don’t even realize that anything is wrong. The economy in Avantica is booming and disease and crime are nearly non-existent. Yet, step out of line and you are hauled off to a secret colony.
Main heroin Clara Spinner begins to question certain aspects of Avantica and its ruling government, especially the algorithm that is used to determine who gets how much medical treatment. However, she also has certain talents that lead to her going a mission deep into the territory of the Liberty Human Democracy, Avantica’s chief enemy. The things that are revealed during this mission lead to Clara’s doubts blossoming even more, setting the stage for a sequel.
This is this second book that I have read from Verhoff, the other being Comet Dust. In both works, she excels at building a detailed and believable world in which it is clear that there is a reason for everything, even if not explicitly stated. She also

########
Rank: 25
Score: 36.520267
Retrieved Text: From Ludgate Circus walk up the south side of Ludgate Hill towards St Paul's. Pageantmaster Court is about 100 yds on the right.
This unassuming little court, which in reality is more likened to a narrow road, has few delights to offer the casual wanderer. Until very recently it was an excellent vantage view point of one of London's surviving World War II bomb sites, but all that is destined to disappear under developments. The Queen's Head pub, with a rough side wall where other buildings adjoined, Until the contractors moved in the Queen's Head pub stood like a protruding tooth in a wide open mouth. Until that fatal day in 1940 the Queen's Head had the company of the Blue Last tavern in Ludgate Broadway but along with the Ventura Restaurant and a philatelists shop, luck had gone out of the door and it was reduced to a heap of rubble. With the never ending scramble for City office space one wonders why this desolate plot remained for so long.
This then is Pageantmaster Court; people pass along it to reach their destinations elsewhere; not many come to it, for there is not much to come to. But don't hastily turn your back on this seemingly uninspiring quarter; venture a little further towards Playhouse Yard, Ireland Yard, the intriguing Carter Lane with its numerous tributaries and the treasure will be revealed.
Even so, before I leave the environs of deprived Pageantmaster Court there is one feature of history that would perhaps not immediately be associated with a court

########
Rank: 26
Score: 36.517494
Retrieved Text: Chop’s 12-track project features guest appearances from Riff Raff, Chief Keef, Lud Foe, Vic Mensa and King100James.
Chop took to IG to preview a record, featuring his day-one protégé Chief Keef. We suspect this may be a surprise record on his album.
This entry was posted in Kidd News and tagged chief keef, king chop, king chop tracklist, young chop. Bookmark the permalink.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 36.15168
Retrieved Text: Roxburgh, W. (1795-1798) Plants on the coast of Coromandel. cor1 t73 Cocos nucifera (Willdenow (Car. Lud.) Tractatus de Achilleis et Tanaceto 8vo. Haloe Magd. 1789.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 35.95633
Retrieved Text: Inside CSU Men's Basketball: "Slam U"
Does the strength staff at CSU plan on doing any clinics in the near future?
Jason whats up? give me a call when you are free. my office is 208 282 3035. my cell is 208 241 3768.
Coach Phillips, how's CSU going?
Please take a minute to take this survey. You can find it at the forum section under features.
Give me a call and we can talk shop.
Daniel Kohn at CSUN. Hope you are doing well. I thought I would drop you a line. I just found this site.
A few texts to trent and not much news. Good to hear he's fine and doing well.
Keep me informed of your opportunities.
Jason how are you doing? Any leads on Jobs yet? Talked to Lud and looks like they are doing well. Give me a shout and i will help in any way i can.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 35.247643
Retrieved Text: This is a list of television and radio sitcoms (situation comedies Lud zbunjen normalan free download full. Fukuoka | Japan .
. Fukuoka | Japan. .
This is a list of television and radio sitcoms (situation comedies. Kumasi, Ghana.

================



======= Instance Index 4768 =========
Input Text: Marcy couldn't cry.  She didn't want her parents to know that she was sad.  She hid her sobs by doing what?
Choose the most suitable option to answer the above question.
Options:
- shed tears
- be happy
- laughing
- smile
- talk

Target Text: laughing

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 60.60133
Retrieved Text: I was a single father at the time. My wife had been a narcissistic madwoman who wasn't capable of taking care of herself, so our divorce was more or less a blessing to me.
When we had separated, I was granted custody of our young son, who was my entire life. During our marriage, my wife had complained that I spent too much time doting on him rather than her, who apparently thought she deserved acknowledgment.
Having that witch out of the house and away from my boy had many advantages about it, but it also had some drawbacks.
I was working all the time, so often I would hire a babysitter or call my parents and see if they could watch my son. I usually tried to get my parents to do it, but every now and again I had to settle with Marcy, the only babysitter who was ever available on short notice.
I never particularly liked Marcy, as she was always a bit on the irresponsible side.
Marcy would often spend most of the time babysitting on the phone rather than paying attention to my child, and every time she saw my car pull into the driveway she grabbed her things and left through the back door… She was a pain. But she was all that was available.
One night, I stepped into my home and I called her name, but there was no answer. I assumed she must have left through the back door again, so I paid no attention to her lack of answer. I walked into

########
Rank: 1
Score: 57.923923
Retrieved Text: Today I'm a rollercoaster of emotions, from feeling sad to happy and lonely to full of pride.
It's funny because I've already done this once, the dropping off your child at school for the first time and even though I thought it would be easier, it was truly harder than the first time. I don't remember crying so much, tears did come down when Miguel stayed for his first day of school but with Valentina there were tears before her first day of school.
I kept marking the days on the calendar and as soon as it hit 3 more days left for school, the tears couldn't stop coming. Every time Valentina fell asleep and husband got home from work the sobs would come in waves, i'd relax but the next night it would happen again. It was the night before the first day of school and my heart was feeling a little bit heavy, baby girl had been crying about not wanting to go to school. The didn't want to leave our side, and it was so hard to hold in those tears because you better believe that I wanted to start sobbing with her as well but y happy face had to go on and it was time to reassure her that school would be great, full of lots of art, play, and learning.
As we woke up for the first day of school, Valentina kept on talking about how excited she felt. Good thing for us was that Wednesday and Thursday would be one hour with

########
Rank: 2
Score: 54.76575
Retrieved Text: Since Sunday evening I have been wondering what effect is has on your children if they see you crying? On Sunday I was feeling a little down, we had been at my In-laws and by the time we got home and I called my own Dad and couldn't reach him I felt really bad, and so tears swelled up in my eyes and I started weeping / crying. My daughter saw this and I saw a look in her eyes that made me feel worse. She was really sad that I was weeping and tried to comfort me...and wanted to know what was the matter.
I felt bad not answering her and just as bad while answering her, because I didn't feel like it was appropriate saying I missed my Dad, and that I felt bad that I hadn't been able to speak with him, and the fact the fact that at that age he was in reasonable good health was a blessing but that could also change at any moment.
I decided to briefly share my feelings and just say that I missed my Dad...she was sympathetic and comforting, but I still feel confused about the effect it has on children if they see their parents crying. I want to research this more, but would really like to hear about your own emotional experiences that are similar.
So should you avoid crying infront of your children altogether? Are there some instances where it is less emotionally trying or less traumatic for them? Should you train yourself to not

########
Rank: 3
Score: 53.299366
Retrieved Text: But I think the tragedy of what happened in Newtown, CT has sunk in for me.
When I heard about it, it was Scott, pointing to a CNN-tuned t.v. in a Burger King in Grand Cayman, saying, "Look, a school shooting."
I learned the basics through the news they broadcasted on the cruise ship that day and the next. I saw facts and details on blogs, Twitter, etc. I saw the safety letter my school district sent out to our faculty, staff, and parents. But I didn't read too far into my school emails because I was just so thrilled to be in Pennsylvania (flu or not!) and wanted nothing to do with that state of Alaska.
But then, I spent some time with our niece last week. She's 7. First grade. She lives in Pennsylvania.
And she believes in Santa. And she adores her Uncle Scott. And we opened presents early for Christmas. And she lets me fix her hair. And she reads to me.
She glazed us a clay ornament. The kid is 7, sees me twice a year, and she spells my name right.
"This is what those 20 kids were before Dec. 14: they were just like her."
I went shopping for an outfit for her.
Now I think, "Those kids won't get to wear their new Christmas clothes."
I watched her open gifts that had been purchased and wrapped weeks ago*.
Now I think, "Those kids won't get to open their gifts."
Then I started reading about the kids. And looking at their pictures. It's something I advise you TO do and

########
Rank: 4
Score: 52.91335
Retrieved Text: "I dreamed a dream, in the time gone by." She watched the video for the 1000th of times.
She saw dream of Susan Boyle come true, and invariably tears started falling from her eyes.
She didn't want to cry for the dreams she dreamt in a different life, but sometimes she couldn't control herself.
She dreamed of becoming a dancer, ever since she was little.
Alas! her dream was shattered when a drunk driver hit her vehicle.
Resulting injuries meant that her body was paralyzed from the waist down.
And another dreamer's dreams were left unfulfilled forever.
Hope no dreams are shattered. Road-accidents are terrible.
Thanks Anita for your words and yes it is very sad and very true for countless people.
That's really bad to know that one's dream is crushed by an accident. All the best!
Thank you very much Sarav.
Lucky are those whose dreams become a reality.
But very nice and short write-up.
Thank you very much Amita.
Well, that is tragic. Not only the dance dream but so many other dreams of hers would have gone unfulfilled because of that accident.
That's true Vinay, thanks for the comment.
Thank you very much Cifar.
Thank you Megha, that is true.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 52.564804
Retrieved Text: BAYONNE -- After a yearlong battle with stomach cancer, Marcy Borders -- the woman known as the "Dust Lady" from the iconic photo taken of her as she escaped from the Twin Towers on Sept. 11 -- has died, according to Facebook posts by multiple family members.
Michael Borders, Marcy Borders' brother, said in a Facebook post at 11:22 a.m. yesterday that he needed everyone to pray for her, before posting about 12 hours later: "I can't believe my sister is gone."
John Bordes, Marcy Borders' first cousin, called her "my HERO" in a Facebook comment and said that she "unfortunately succumbed to the diseases that (have) ridden her body since 9/11."
"In addition to losing so many friends, coworkers, and colleagues on and after that tragic day, the pains from yesteryear (have) found a way to resurface," he said.
Marcy Borders' family members couldn't immediately be reached today via Facebook or in person at her Bayonne home.
9/11 Survivor Marcy Borders - The Dust Lady from Mike McGregor on Vimeo.
Borders, a mother of two, was just getting back into the working world -- helping with a candidate's local campaign for mayor -- when her doctor told her in August 2014 that she had stomach cancer.
"I'm saying to myself 'Did this thing ignite cancer cells in me?'" she said. "I definitely believe it because I haven't had any illnesses. I don't have high blood pressure...high cholesterol, diabetes."
Borders told The Jersey Journal at the time that she was struggling to pay off $190,000 in medical bills, as she didn't have a job

########
Rank: 6
Score: 52.3869
Retrieved Text: Anna's head jerked up quickly as she heard the distinctive, tell-tale creaking which indicated that the door was being opened, and her fingers curled into the fabric of her duvet, anxious, hungry for information. She could feel the mattress of the bed sagging as Kristoff, who had gotten over his case of hypothermia just the day before, with help from Rapunzel, came beside her, just as eager and desperate as she, and his eyes were virtually pleading the maid for good news.
Heidi stopped slowly beside the door, hiding partially behind the mahogany so that only half of her body could be seen, as she peeked around to look at the couple. She hung her head, shaking it slowly, and Anna let out a sob, as her eyes dropped to stare at the ground, her plaited pigtails dangling in the air. Kristoff, too, was distraught, as he wrapped his arms around Anna and pulled her closer.
"I'm sorry, Ma'am, Sir. The soldiers have searched all over the kingdom for Mia; they've combed every single forest in which she could have reached, but to no avail. I can hold my breath for two minutes, and I've searched the sea bed, as far as I can go, but there is still no sign of her." She took a deep breath, as she carefully wiped a tear from her eye. The fifteen year old girl looked so solemn, so mature, and the grief shone in her eyes just as much as it did in Anna, Kristoff and Elsa's. No doubt, she

########
Rank: 7
Score: 52.354206
Retrieved Text: “I sad you and Daddy no same house. I want cry. I so sad. I want cry, Mommy.
Last summer Ana Lu and I were at the park with her mini-soul mate, Matthew. It was one of those rare days when they were both super grouchy with one other. While standing in a sea of branches, the goofballs were fighting over two random branches. Ana Lu shrieked, “I want that branch!” The two went back and forth, banter of an elderly couple inhabiting two 3-year-olds. Frustrated by their disagreement, Ana Lu’s faucet turned on. Tears flowed and flowed.
After a minute of her crying about branches, it turned into sobs, “I miss MY Daddy!”… “I miss Daddy!” … “I miss Daddy!” … “I miss Daddy!” … “I miss Daddy!” … shouting her desperate declaration over and over. It overwhelmed her. It was all she could say, at least 2 dozen times.
She was completely consumed by sorrow.
I swooped her up in my arms, hugged her tight and walked to a private part of the park. No mother should ever have to hear her child moan like this. Ana Lu’s pain was excruciatingly raw. Her sobs far exceeded that of a normal 3-year-old. She wept like an adult; her sorrow palpable. I was completely thrown off guard. I could not believe the depth of the place from where she wept.
I carried her, holding her so close to my chest our hearts felt as though they were side by side. My heart tried to get her pain, yet I couldn’t absorb

########
Rank: 8
Score: 52.344646
Retrieved Text: Hearing Ji Yi apologize again, Ji Yi's mum was stunned for a moment before she opened her eyes and looked over at Ji Yi with a warm smile. "Why do you keep saying sorry?"
Ji Yi's mum probably wanted to ease the atmosphere, so she paused for a moment then said, "You couldn't have done something that would make me angry, right? Did you spill the honey in my freezer?"
Ji Yi knew she was just joking, but she didn't smile at all. Instead, her eyes puffed up and she had the urge to cry again.
She knew she was this upset because of He Jichen.
JiYi's mum could easily sense that something was wrong with Ji Yi, so she couldn't just lay in bed resting anymore. She immediately shot up from the bed and rushed over to Ji Yi.
Drawing closer, Ji Yi's mum realized that Ji Yi's eyes were a little red and swollen. It was obvious she'd been crying as worry suddenly crept into her eyes. "Xiao Yi, what's going on?"
Ji Yi didn't say anything.
Ji Yi's mum figured she must be sad over what happened online and said, "Xiao Yi, other people can say what they want; only you know what you've done. No matter what happens, you'll always have mum and dad."
As Ji Yi's eyes turned red, she reached her hand out and hugged her mum's waist then buried her face into her embrace. After a short while, Ji Yi said in a dull voice, "Ma, I'm not upset about what happened online. I suddenly felt sorry

########
Rank: 9
Score: 51.92338
Retrieved Text: Mervyn pushed a piece of potato around his plate, trying to look as if he was enjoying himself. He liked Sapphire's company. He liked shepherd's pie. He just couldn't enjoy any of it - not today. He couldn't even be that happy when Sapphire said she was thinking of going into magizoology. It suited her, but Mervyn was jealous that she knew roughly where she was headed in life and he didn't. Suddenly Sapphire stood up and took his plate away. He didn't object. Watching a movie sounded infinitely better than trying to make conversation over dinner. "I like horror," he said. "As long as it's not gory, like." He still couldn't tolerate the sight of blood. Getting up from the table, he followed Sapphire out, hoping she wouldn't try to pry out what was bothering him.
Sapphire nodded. "Hmm, I can work with that." She dropped their plates off in the kitchen and headed for her room. "I think I've got one." She hummed softly as she walked in and headed for the bookcase. She stood on the shelf, reaching for the top. Just as her fingers closed around the DVD she wanted, a loud boom shook the house. With a startled yelp, Sapphire fell from the shelf. She pushed herself up off the floor with an awkward laugh. "Oops, heh," she ran a hand through her hair, shaking a bit. "Lost my footing there-" she started, but a series of booms interrupted her.
With a small cry, Sapphire scrambled quickly underneath her desk. She pressed her

########
Rank: 10
Score: 51.69375
Retrieved Text: Cascade Hall - I might need them anyway.
I might need them anyway.
Mary was surprised that Tabitha's response was so similar, and so...true. It spoke deeply of Tabitha's depth depth of love for magical creatures and adventure, and Mary was inspired by the sincerity.
Tabitha's hands were soft. She was warm and friendly.
Her eyes were big and dark and full.
Her words were... too much.
Somewhere, in the parts of Mary Brooding that were not lovely or wonderful, she felt something break.
She thought of Parker, her parents, and Michelle. She thought of this new job. She thought of how much this work mattered to Tabitha, even if she thought she didn't want to be a professor.
She was still thinking of all of these things when she stood abruptly, spilling her hot chocolate and knocking her chair back with a loud scraping sound. She didn't see if anyone noticed and didn't care too. The way her hot chocolate seeped across the table made her think of blood and she looked away, but not at Tabitha. Her face was hot and she didn't want to cry in front of anybody yet, least of all this beautiful, perfect, unattainable woman.
"It's been a lovely night," Mary said. "I will see you around, I'm sure. Goodbye."
Pushing past the other professors all in a row at the head table, Mary couldn't have escaped any faster without running. She had made a joke about heels too high to run earlier, and it wasn't really a joke; she walked quickly past the sea of students and out of

########
Rank: 11
Score: 51.654568
Retrieved Text: Robbie posted this youtube video today of a song he wrote recently. The first time he sang it for me, a few weeks ago, I broke into sobs. The lyrics are in the "see more" right under the video, and I know obviously that they don't exactly fit the situation, but the theme of the song just reminds me so much of you.
Look how grown up your baby brother is as well! Last time you saw him he was a cuddly baby. Now he's 6'4", but still cuddly.
VERY, VERY NICE ROBBIE. I CAN SEE WHY IT BROUGHT TEARS TO YOUR EYES SHARON, IT DID THAT TO ME TOO. LET ME KNOW WHEN YOUR FIRST ALBUM COMES OUT ROBBIE, I WILL BE FIRST IN LINE. KEEP UP THE GOOD WORK.
Ms Sharon,did you hear about this? Jaycee dugard already received $20 million from the state of California.now she is suing the federal government for failing to monitor Phillip garrido adequately.although she says she would donate all that money (if she gets any) to her non-profit organization to help other victims.
No, I hadn't heard about that. Personally, I'd be happy to have the proceeds from a best selling book myself. I bought her book, and I bought her necklace. I wonder, though, how much work her organization is actually doing? They are supposed to be helping other kidnapping victims who are found, but there just are not many of them.
Now..Sorry to be off topic.. I've read almost the entire book (Jaycees) and I wonder whos trailer they drove to

########
Rank: 12
Score: 51.60791
Retrieved Text: Debra Anne sits on my porch, she always does. She won't leave until I come out to play. Mom says Debra's different, Mom says alot. Dad says go, Dad doesn't say much. What crazy adventure will Debra want to go on today? Tuesday we were ninjas, Tuesday was good. Tangled red hair, dirt smudged face, crooked smile, and that darn blue dress awaited me on the porch swing. Debra was singing, Debra was a good singer.
Debra Anne follows me home from school, she always does. I never seen Debra's home. I go inside and do my homework. Debra watches me through the window, she has nothing better to do, she doesn't get homework. Debra dances, Debra was a good dancer.
Debra Anne went to the hospitol, she always does. We were walking from school. I asked to go to her house. She fell and shook again. I walked to Mr. Jersey's house, he didn't care, I asked Ms. Genny for help, she ignored me. I dragged Debra home again. Mom called the hospitol and cried again, she always does. Dad talked to the police and screamed at the neighbors, he always does.
Debra Anne snuck into my room, she always does. Her parents didn't come home again, they never do. She told me a bed time story, Debra tells stories good.
Debra Anne hit me, she always does. I just wanted to go inside her house. She didn't let me, she never did. I asked Debra why, she said he parents were asleep. Debra lied, she is a good

########
Rank: 13
Score: 51.235394
Retrieved Text: April 21 - A year ago, he lay wounded and paralyzed next to Rachel Scott, unable to help her as a gunman taunted his classmate and friend about her faith in God - and then killed her.
On Thursday, he struggled to set things right.
In a touching speech directed to Rachel's family, Richard Castaldo departed from his planned remarks at a memorial service and spoke from the heart, delivering what amounted to an apology for not being able to recall Rachel's final moments.
"This is probably one of the hardest. .
" Castaldo began, and then he choked back sobs.
"People tell me I said she said she believed in God, and I can't remember it," Castaldo said a few moments later, his voice breaking.
"Somehow, I know she did the right thing in the end." Castaldo's mother, Connie Michalik, says her son described Rachel's final moments shortly after coming out of surgery at Swedish Medical Center. But since then, his memory has faded until he is no longer sure what happened.
The 18-year-old Castaldo has carried a double burden since April 20, his mother said. He felt guilt he couldn't intervene, and frustration he can no longer remember if Rachel professed her faith to her killer - an exchange that would confirm what some have described as martyrdom.
"After he got the breathing tube out, he was crying and upset, telling me through sobs how they taunted and teased her about God," Michalik said. "Then he heard a shot and he didn't know what happened to her.
"He asked me again this morning:

########
Rank: 14
Score: 50.99613
Retrieved Text: This past weekend my family and I drove down to help my sister get moved into her dorms.
Monday was her first day of classes. She is officially a college student.
The weekend was long and short and filled with fun and free stuff and tension knowing that we would be leaving her there.
::Sister:: As you read this, I want you to remember how proud I am of you and while you continue reading I don't want you in any way to feel upset or sad.
The week leading up to my sister leaving, each day was harder than the one before to get motivated to do laundry so I could pack for the weekend or do things that I knew would lead up to her leaving. At one point I had to send myself to my room so I could cry, then wash my face and keep going.
The weekend was like that too. There was so much going on there was little time to think about how she was staying and she wasn't going to be at home the next day. I forced myself to sleep most of the drive home because crying was giving me a headache and while my nose was running I had no tissues.
Today at work, I saw via twitter that she had a good time in classes. I cried. She Facebook messaged me. I cried. I left a message for my MK director telling her about my day. I cried. I talked to my aunt. I cried. I write this blog. I cry.
I

########
Rank: 15
Score: 50.767254
Retrieved Text: Where did Jesus' body go?
After Jesus was wrapped in linen and prepared for burial, his body laid in a tomb that was cut from a rock. His followers were very sad that their close friend and master was gone. They were afraid now that their leader was dead and also ashamed that they ran away when he was arrested. Mary Magdalene was sad and cried alone for her Lord who was gone. She waited until Sunday morning's light to go to the tomb and be near Jesus again(even though she knew he was gone). As she reached the tomb, she noticed the heavy rock that was blocking the entrance had been moved away from the opening. She saw no one around and wondered who could have moved the huge, heavy stone. She looked in and noticed Jesus was gone so she ran and told the disciples. Peter and John came right away and noticed the linen shroud and head cloth that had been wrapped around His body just laying empty on the stone. Peter and John then returned to the city but Mary stayed in the garden crying because of the scene she discovered in the tomb.
Mary walked to the tomb to look again and found two angels sitting on the rock that Jesus body had laid on. Mary was so upset that she just didn't notice the two beings were angels. The angels asked her "Why are you crying?" She answered "Because they have taken my Lord, and I don't know were they have put

########
Rank: 16
Score: 50.600525
Retrieved Text: Thetis had to forcibly restrain herself from just breaking all of her plates out of rage. She'd set down her long-term plans to Peleus in her journal, and she meant every word. But the longer she sat in her apartment, the more she felt like either screaming or crying. So she pulled on her jacket, grabbed her purse, and hailed a cab to take her to Hephaestus' home. He was one of her oldest friends, and he had, on more than one occasion, been the calm, grounding presence that she needed when she thought she would shatter.
Hephaestus had been sitting in his living room with scotch and a book, when he heard the knock at the door. He wasn't expecting anyone, but maybe it was someone for Aglaia. So he grabbed his cane and made his way to the door, surprised to find a miserable looking Thetis on the other side, shivering slightly against the wind. But she was always welcome in his home, so he simply moved aside so she could enter. "You look troubled," he remarked, hanging her coat and scarf on the coat tree.
Thetis laughed, but it was devoid of all humor. "You could say that," she replied.
"Is it a wine or scotch kind of night?" he asked. They'd done this song and dance before, in both of their homes, in other cities and other times. He knew how it went.
"Scotch," she said, settling into a chair by the fire. "Peleus has returned."
"I'm aware," he said mildly, pouring two tumblers and passing one

########
Rank: 17
Score: 50.54347
Retrieved Text: This morning Cheyenne walked onto the bus for kindergarten. She'll be gone everyday from almost 8am to nearly 4pm. This marks the beginning of our separation, mother from child.
I've been really consumed with what this separation means. It's the start of a lifelong separation, in some ways. I will no longer be the only influence in her life. Many of those influences will be good I hope, but some of them may be the opposite.
She'll have teachers who don't appreciate her and peers who don't think she's good enough. She'll experience humiliation, and being left out. Although negative, I know these things are necessary for growth and learning, necessary for developing empathy and becoming resilient. But I also know my heart will hurt when she experiences the ugly parts of this world. It is crushing to imagine my sweet, innocent five-year-old becoming somehow tainted by it all.
I couldn't help thinking, as I was trying to process all of this, that this is exactly how our Heavenly Father feels. Maybe when he was getting ready to send us down to earth, he hugged us a little tighter and said, "Don't go!" He too knew what was ahead, the hurdles we would have to face. And more than anything that He hopes for us to learn, He longs to have us back home.
As Cheyenne got on the bus and I turned around to head back to our house without her, short sad sobs escaped my mouth as tears rolled down my face. "Just let her come home," I

########
Rank: 18
Score: 50.43679
Retrieved Text: Jereth crept around the corner, resting his little hand on the wall. Mommy sat on her bed in the dark with her face in her hands. Her shoulders shook. Jereth had never seen her cry before. She often stared off into space. But the child had never seen silent sobs make her whole body shudder.
He could take it no longer. "Mommy, don't cry."
She turned. "Jereth, what are you doing here?"
"Sergie brought me home early." He looked to the floor, ashamed.
"Come here." She reached with both arms. Jereth ran to her. She lifted him up and set him on her lap. Mommy always smelled sweet like the desserts Sergie made.
She smiled at him. A tear pressed from her eye and she wiped it away. "Sometimes I get sad."
"Why, Mommy?" He brushed a strand of her hair away from her eyes, like she did to him when he cried.
After looking at him with eyes that said, 'I love you so much,' she said with her mouth, "Jereth, I will tell you if you promise never to tell your father. He would be angry if he knew I told you."
Fear pulled on Jereth's stomach. He knew his father's anger and whispered, "I won't tell."
Now Mommy stroked his hair. "I miss my home."
"This is my home now, here with you. I lived somewhere else before."
"Where?" Jereth snuggled into her shoulder.
"I'm from the High Country of Eclectia."
He twisted a bead on her long necklace between his finger and thumb. "What is Ecle...tia?"
"You will learn about it in school. But if something

########
Rank: 19
Score: 50.391766
Retrieved Text: Latest picture of me. 22nd March 08.
Guy: I saw [her] today.
[Girl:] I saw him today.
Guy: It seems like it's been [forever].
[Girl:] I wonder if he still cares.
Guy: [she looks better] than [before july].
[Girl:] I couldn't help staring at him.
Guy: I asked [her] how things were going.
[Girl:] I asked about his new girlfriend.
Guy: [I'd choose her over any girl I'm with].
[Girl:] He's probably really happy now.
[Girl:] He couldn't even look at me.
Guy: [I told her] [I missed her].
[Girl:] He doesn't miss me.
[Girl:] He didn't mean it.
[Girl:] He loves his new girlfriend.
Guy: [I held her] for [the last time].
[Girl:] He gave me a friendly hug.
Guy: Then [I went home] and [cried].
[Girl:] Then I went home and cried.
I’m afraid now,doesn’t she hear my cries?
Mommy, I am ONLY 8 inches long, but I have all my organs.
I love the sound of your voice. Every time I hear it, I wave my arms and legs. The sound of your heart beat is my favorite lullaby.
You know what Mommy, I'm a boy!! I hope that makes you happy. I always want you to be happy. I don't like it when you cry. You sound so sad. It makes me sad too, and I cry with you even though you can't hear me.
Never abort because inside you is a life that deserves to live. It feels what happens inside you and it loves the sound of your voice and the things it feels. The baby inside you wants to live and be with you forever. Let him/her have a chance to breath and

########
Rank: 20
Score: 50.21891
Retrieved Text: I have been slacking off big time with keeping up on this family journal of ours! But, there has been A LOT going on and some big news for our family that I will be sharing soonly.... NO, I'm NOT pregnant :) haha.
Anyways, onto the post.Pip has been climbing out and over her crib for a month now, but I was being stubborn and trying to keep my little baby little a refused to take the rail off her crib. I just feel like 18 months is too soon. But, she is a little monkey and climbs right over the edge and onto the floor! I finally gave in a month ago and took the rail off . The problem is, she wanted nothing to do with it when it wasn't her crib and refused to sleep in it. She would cry every time we put her in it and she NEVER slept in it, we always found her in the morning on the floor as far away as she could get from it. I got the idea that maybe she just didn't like it without the rail and was confused. So, a week ago I found this toddler bed for a sweet deal on KSL for $25. She LOVES it and now sleeps in it every night no problem. I guess she just didn't want her crib anymore and wanted a big girl bed :) Duh Mommy! I am just sad because she looks so grown up in it.
I made everything except the green pillow...its

########
Rank: 21
Score: 49.96867
Retrieved Text: You never know what to expect when a new little one comes into your home. Will they be sad and cry a lot? Will they be angry about their situation and act out? Or will they just want to sit down and withdrawal from everything and everyone?
I try to remain in a neutral attitude and just continue with every day life as normal as possible when a new one comes along. However, when I do know what they need then we change things around a bit.
That's what we did today with "Little Miss". She came with no clothes so we of course went shopping first thing! My last little one couldn't stand to be in the cart or confined in anyway so I braced myself for what was to come. Little Miss, however, found the trip to the store to be great fun!
We could tell right away that she had never been in a cart before. She had no idea what I was trying to do when I lifted her to have her sit in the front of the cart. It took a bit to get her two feet in the holes in the front and when I did her face was beaming! There was a lot of laughter and giggles throughout the trip around the store. The kids helped entertain her, but she really didn't need to be entertained. She loved looking at all of the shoes and clothes and had an opinion about what we picked out for her.
Later we met my grandma for

########
Rank: 22
Score: 49.870922
Retrieved Text: This morning after the siren in commemoration of the six million who died in the Holocaust, a friend called to tell me that she cried on Yom ha Shoah: she wishes her parents were still alive. She would like to speak to them. Her father's first family was killed in the Shoah, and she doesn't know where or how. He didn't speak about it. He continued forward, formed a new family, immigrated to America, and worked his whole life.
"He couldn't speak about his loss because it was just too painful," she says. But she's never told me about her father's first family. She has kept his silence.
But in Israel on Yom Hashoah the television shows images of emaciated bodies being thrown into pits and ovens in Europe 60 years ago. All day there are films and interviews, as if to prove: yes, this really happened. The two extremes—the searing cry and silence of the siren – as well as the public testimony both articulate the horror of what happened.
My friend would like to speak to her parents to tell them that their grandchildren now serve in elite units in the Israeli army. They would be so proud.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 49.83858
Retrieved Text: My son and his girlfriend, (Dainen's mother) began to go about their lives , getting jobs, and doing the usual stuff but it was not to last long. When Dainen was around two they split up and she moved in with her new BF up north. We, at the request of out son to help her, moved all her furniture and belongings for her to her new BF's parents farm not far from Valleyview, AB. Even then we had free access to Dainen, having him for a two month stretch at one time.
She didn't get the nursing work she expected there so moved back to Calgary, AB. All we had to do was phone her and ask to pick Dainen up and she would say OK. She would ask for how long and we would arrange to call her to let her know when he would come home. Sometimes it was a couple of days and sometimes a couple of weeks. She would tell us many times that she could never understand how someone could play games with their children like the son's former wife had. She said she could never do that. Things went along this way for a long time. We had every birthday party for Dainen, he never had one at home and to my knowledge still has not. One time when he was learning to walk he fell down. When I picked him up to kiss his "boo boo" she told me not to do that or he wouldn't grow up to

########
Rank: 24
Score: 49.805473
Retrieved Text: "the speaker was interrupted by loud cries from the rear of the audience"
"our watchword will be `democracy'"
"animal cries filled the night"
"she cried with pain when the doctor inserted the needle"
"I yelled to her from the window but she couldn't hear me"
"She cried bitterly when she heard the news of his death"
"The girl in the wheelchair wept with frustration when she could not get up the stairs"
"`I'm here,' the mother shouted when she saw her child looking lost"
"before we had newspapers, a town crier would cry the news"
"He cried his merchandise in the market square"
"This situation is crying for attention"
"The little boy cried himself to sleep"
She cried with grief when she heard news of her friend's death.
She began to cry in the face of failure.
He cried that he had found the key.
The girl in the river is crying for help.
The public raised a great hue and cry about tax hikes.
Very soon he heard a raven cry outside.
Her feelings were relieved by a good cry.
She has a long cry when her favorite doll is broken.
He heard a cry for help, and he rushed out of the office.
A feeble cry came from the next room.
A baby can cry as soon as he is born.
He cried because he had hurt his leg.
It was a very sad film; it made me cry.
She was crying because she had lost all the money.
Stop crying and wipe off your tears.
When they heard of his death, they couldn't help crying.
She cried hot tears upon the book.
She wanted to cry her grief and anger all away.
She

########
Rank: 25
Score: 49.7713
Retrieved Text: I know blackberry isn't pipkins mother, but i find it cute that she treats pipkin as if he is her own son.
I wrote this fanfic to show that no matter who your friends with, you'll always have a friend who is like a family to you and always be grateful to your family and never take them for granted.
It was a special day for watership day, something everyone was excited about, except for a certain small rabbit.
Pipkin sighed as he hopped out out his warran, and went outside near a tree.
It's been years since his family has left him because of the weasel and pipkin began to wonder if his pain would ever stop. Days like these, it seems like the pain got worse for pipkin. Blackberry would often hear him cry sometimes outside when left alone and tried to comfort him.
Pipkin began to feel grateful that blackberry supported him and helped through this sad day. He began to wonder about something.
"Hmm, blackberry helped me through this sad day, can she...be my new mommy?" Pipkin thought, then the sad memories came as pipkin began to cry.
as bigwig and spartina came out outside as well.
"What a glorious day today, eh bigwig?" Spartina asked.
"Yeah, nothing like a good Mother's Day for this day" bigwig blinked.
Spartina chuckled and shook her head.
"No bigwig, it didn't-" she was interrupted as both spartina and bigwig heard crying. They looked at each other then hopped to the sounds coming from the tree. They were shocked when they found it was pipkin behind a

########
Rank: 26
Score: 49.71459
Retrieved Text: NASHVILLE, Tenn. — A knock on the door woke Nashville Mayor Megan Barry and her husband Bruce out of a sound sleep about 3 a.m. When the mayor saw police at her door, she knew it must be bad news — maybe an officer was shot, and she was needed at the hospital to comfort a grieving family.
Instead, what the officer revealed just wouldn't register: Her 22-year-old son Max was dead.
"He had to repeat it several times, because that was not what my brain could hear," Barry said, her voice cracking, during a news conference Monday.
Barry returned to work Monday for the first time since her son died of an apparent drug overdose July 29.
It marked the start of a "new normal" for the grieving mayor — she won't ever hear his voice or get his text messages again.
But even as she mourns her only child, Barry also knows she can be an important voice in drug abuse awareness and the opioid epidemic.
Max Barry's death comes amid nationwide concern about a rise in fatal drug overdoses. The National Institute on Drug Abuse reports overdose deaths from all drugs that the government tracks rose from roughly 23,000 in 2002 to more than 50,000 in 2015.
In Tennessee, state health officials report 1,451 people died from drug overdoses in 2015 — the highest annual number of overdose deaths recorded in state history.
The mayor kept her composure as she went through the day's duties Monday.
In an elementary school classroom she smiled wide and didn't skimp on hugs as she delivered

########
Rank: 27
Score: 49.679565
Retrieved Text: Oh dear, I guess Edgar is really... gone. Just watched an interview with Louis Lombardi on the 24 website. I am so sad.
I couldn't believe it!! He was the heart & the humanity of CTI.
What do you think of Kim? And her new boyfriend? Who'd'a thunk that Ponyboy would grow up to look so creepy?
Oh my gosh, I didn't recognize him with the beard. My youngest entling just watched that movie last year in her English class. Now she is saying,"Ooohhhhh....yeah!"
A collective wail went up here last night, "Not Edgar!"
I know what you mean. We were really sad too. I liked Edgar a lot and I can't believe they killed him. And the way they did it was just perfect - the look on Chloe's face almost made me cry.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 49.31693
Retrieved Text: My dog was confused as to why I kept trying to get him to come sit by me. He doesn't usually see me cry like this. Actually, I don't think he's ever seen me cry like this. He just snorted and went off to eat cat turds or chew on a bone or something.
But my cat Pumpkin has seen it before.
And so has my husband. But he was working so Pumpkin curled up on my shoulders and is still purring loudly. Her sweet sweet purrs that even a deaf person can hear.
Anyway. I figured I might cry a little during Frozen, kinda like how I cried just a tiny bit during Brave, at the end, when the mother hugged her daughter. It was a happy sad, although I felt a twinge of, "I wish my mom would wake up."
Turns out I cried like it was Tangled. That is--constantly and during nearly the entire movie.
I miss my siblings so much. Damn my dad's frozen narcissistic heart. And damn my mother for being spineless against him when he disowned me. And damn them both for keeping me from my four littlest siblings.
The tears began when Elsa accidentally hurt Anna with a icy blow to the head. That feeling of fear and guilt and despair. They flowed afresh when Elsa shut Anna out, and I could tell they missed each other so much--Elsa because she didn't want to hurt Anna again (that's totally PTSD), and Anna because she didn't know why.
Do my siblings know why? Do they understand why

########
Rank: 29
Score: 49.26915
Retrieved Text: Toddlers are always teetering on the edge of emotionally unstable.
We brought our little one inside to eat dinner last night, and her bottom lip had never stuck out so far. It was like we broke her little heart. She could do nothing but lay on the kitchen floor and cry.
Her facial expressions are transparent, good or bad.
You made me come inside to eat dinner?! I thought you loved me. I'm so cute.
As a parent, you want to provide healthy, well-balanced meals to your child so they can mash it up and throw it on the floor. Yesterday evening, mom and daughter had an epic battle of wills over eating chicken. Layna used to like it, and she used to eat anything with the promise of something better.
Do you want applesauce? Okay, just two bites of chicken.
I may not have won the book-in-bed battle of Spring 2016, but I won the chicken war last night. Someday, little one will learn that she cannot out-stubborn her mom, no one can. I always have time to prove a point.
Doesn't mean I always do the right thing, like last night. It was a painful hour until those two pieces of chicken were eaten, and here is where I went wrong.
5. She got too worked up.
Oh my word. The level of hysterics was intense. You would have thought I was actively injuring the child each time I reminded her she needed to take two bites. It got to the point, where she couldn't hear me, she couldn't understand. My guess is

================



======= Instance Index 3635 =========
Input Text: Billy Bob sat on a bar stool and ordered a steak.  He ordered a steak because despite the style this place didn't serve alcohol.  What sort of place was this?
Choose the most suitable option to answer the above question.
Options:
- dining hall
- drunker
- tavern
- kitchen
- restaurant

Target Text: restaurant

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 60.172977
Retrieved Text: A man sits down on a bar stool and tells the bartender, "Pour me a drink before the trouble starts."
The bartender looks puzzled, but pours him a drink. The man chugs it and says, "Pour me another drink before the trouble starts."
The bartender does and the man downs it as quickly as the first.
After a few more rounds, the bartender says, "Look pal, you've had five drinks and all you talk about is 'some trouble starting.' Just when is this trouble supposed to start?"
The man replies, "Just as soon as you discover I don't have the money to pay you for these drinks!"
A bloke went into a pub, sat down at the bar and ordered five pots. The barman wondered since he was alone, but served up the five pots.
And the bloke downed them all... one, two, three, four, five. As he finished the last one, he called to the barman and ordered four more.
The barman served up four pots and the bloke downed them... one, two, three, four. He belched, swayed a little on his stool, but ordered three more. And again he knocked them back... one, two, three.
"Two potsh, mate!" he called.
The barman served him two pots and down they went... one, two.
The barman served him one but the bloke just sat there, staring at it, trying to focus.
Then he told the barman, "Y'know, it'sh ssstrange, but the lesssh I drink, the drunker I feel!"
Billy-Bob walks into a bar and says, "Bartender, one round for everyone, on me!"
The bartender says, "Well, seems you're in

########
Rank: 1
Score: 47.743958
Retrieved Text: Last weekend, we drove into Brooklyn to celebrate my brother-in-laws 50th birthday, at the all mighty Peter Luger Steakhouse in Williamsburg. He is a steak lover and has always wanted to dine there, so my sister-in-law arranged a surprised dinner in his honor. There might have been a toddler style tempter tantrum thrown by him that resulted in this idea, which was one of the entertaining stories told over dinner, but I digress.
If you haven’t heard of Peter Luger’s, you most likely live under a rock, as there are few New York City restaurants as well-known as this steakhouse. The name itself is synonymous with steak, and they’ve been doing steak for over 125 years! Peter Luger has a few other proteins on their menu but don’t try to order them unless you want your waiter to scuff at you. They do steak, and by steak I mean porterhouse. They offer a “single steak for one” but as my husband and I found out when we attempted to order it (by our oh-so-rude waiter), “It’s not special…you need to order the steak for two”…..oh…um….okay. Then again, the waiter also seemed annoyed that we wanted menus. I mean, how often do you go to a restaurant where you are asked if you want a menu? Isn’t having a menu placed in front of you when being seated part of all dining experiences? Clearly, we were not ready for Peter Luger’s.
As you can tell, our waiter was a pleasant man, which the restaurant is known for. (I hope

########
Rank: 2
Score: 47.68662
Retrieved Text: I’ve said it before, but I simply love my house being full of people and, lately, my boyfriend and I have absolutely adored playing host to all of our family and friends. Most recently it was the turn of my cousin Chloe, over at The Gastronomic Gorman, and her boyfriend to pay us a visit.
As I knew that our group consisted of four carnivores, the restaurant had to be Gordon Ramsay’s Maze Grill. Two of my greatest foodie loves are sushi and steak. Maze Grill manages to combine the two so that both are equally as delicious, making for a really memorable meal and a slightly more unusual combination than the usual offerings common to London’s other signature steak spots.
When we arrived on a busy Saturday evening we were seated at a beautiful marble table towards the front of the restaurant, overlooking the bustling bar. Champagne lover that I am, Chloe and I both ordered a glass whilst we studied the menu, with the boys opting instead for a gin and tonic and a beer.
StartersFrom my previous visit to Maze Grill I knew that I simply had to have the Sashimi Selection (£18) again. Whilst I have seen this ordered as a main course, it is certainly not too large to enjoy as a starter. Consisting of thickly sliced salmon, scallop and tuna and served on a bed of ice, the sashimi was perfectly chilled with a delightfully fresh taste. If you wanted to skip the steak at Maze Grill, the Sashimi would work brilliantly with

########
Rank: 3
Score: 47.25085
Retrieved Text: Thin crust, warm RED center, very juicy.
small, warm RED center, juicy.
LIGHT BROWN all the way through.
This steak is actually two-steaks-in-one, a filet on one side of the bone and a strip on the other side. In fact, depending on where your steak was cut on the loin you may actually be receiving a Porterhouse Steak, although we still call it a T-Bone. Because there is a bone in this particular cut of beef, our chef must use a meat saw and pre-cut these steaks. These 1/2" - 3/4" thick steaks run in sizes ranging from 12 - 24 oz. with most being in the 15 - 22 oz. size. Occasionally we have larger steaks - Please inquire - but we cannot cook steaks larger than 22 oz. beyond MEDIUM temperature due to excess charring of the bone.
New York strip, or sirloin is the larger section of meat from a T-Bone or Porterhouse Steak after the bone has been cut away. While not as tender as a Delmonico (because of a lesser fat content) the strip is still preferred by many because of its flavor. Because we serve a boneless strip rather than the Kansas-City Style bone-in strip, we are able to cut this steak to your specification. Please refer to the size recommendations listed under the Delmonico Steak.
Often called the "rib-eye", Delmonico is generally known for its richness and flavor, This steak has a higher fat content than other steaks, especially toward the "tail' end; however, by removing this or any fat, flavor will be lost.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 46.269737
Retrieved Text: Hanwoo Filet Mignon: medium rare.
I like a good steak. In other news, I’m still an Australian man.
Admittedly, I wouldn’t go out for it very much back home since for a long time I thought going out for steak was a terrible idea; we’d usually have minute steaks at home (ie, they only take a minute to cook on each side). Yes, the alternate pronunciation is apt. too.
Still, some of the best steaks I had were those $5 pub steaks for lunch (with a beer purchase). It made the afternoon rather interesting as well. And for $5 they were pretty awesome value, even though it was tenderloin. The worst steak I had was also at this end of the price scale: $7 for a rump steak bigger than my head. That’s where the rule ‘never eat anything bigger than your head’ started for me. So, in Korea where do you get a good steak?
First, you’ll be paying for it. But I believe that generally you get what you paid for. You could go to Outback Steakhouse (don’t) or VIPS (beware the steakhouse that advertises their salad bar) but you’re not a Korean family unit or a college couple. The problem with these kinds of chains is that you’re paying too much for the frills (aforementioned salad bars, celebrity photoshoots where they stare longing at their fork, etc). I hear these places also offer substantial discounts depending on what kind of credit card you use to pay.
When I can I try to go to Butcher’s Cut next to

########
Rank: 5
Score: 45.91783
Retrieved Text: Stop by here because of the design of this place was unique, like a carousel with a stand surrounded by colorful horses. Colette & Lola is provide a cake and meals when I read their book of menu but it was not all their resto branch having brunch menu, there is other branch were only provides of drinks and desserts only.
I had curious with their caesar salad, because I am a fan of caesar salad that made by Pancious so I want to try Caesar Salad from Colette & Lola version. Colette & Lola's caesar salad turns out with mushrooms, garlic bread, beef bacon with steamed eggs so eggs textures became so soft. It was nice, but I'd prefer Pancious's version of caesar salad because they use many chickens, and I like that.
What is it? Hmm I already forgotten it names, if I don't mistaken, it was sirloin steak. The presentation was adorable, but it has so small in portions if I compare to another steak place that I previous ordered. Again, I have to admit Colette & Lola is not the expert one for steak menu's. If you big fans of steak, I think you shouldn't ordered steak here.
Collete & Lola's dessert according to my taste was too sweet that I can't accept that since I don't really like too sweet food, but their chocolate cake is quite acceptable it my mouth. But my friend really like this place because she's actually really like sweet food. But that place is so comfortable and cozy for

########
Rank: 6
Score: 44.7159
Retrieved Text: You can share mouthwatering French onion soup, crab cakes and salmon with your friends and have a good time here. Many people come to taste good key lime pie, bread pudding and crème brûlée. The wine list is versatile, every guest can find something that satisfies their taste. Great latte is a decent choice.
This restaurant is recommended for the nice staff. The fabulous service is something these restaurateurs care about. Here you will pay adequate prices. At Courtney's Continental Cuisine, visitors can enjoy the cool atmosphere and divine decor. On TripAdvisor, clients note that this place is worth the 4.5 star rating.
Sheryl the bartender was so friendly. As soon as we sat down at the bar she was spot on. The Rachel Artichokes were fantastic! Very friendly place and we would definitely come back. Nice group of regulars at the bar too.
We arrived without a reservation, and the hostess rose to the occasion and found us a table for two in a pleasant corner of the restaurant. We were provided water and manus then waited. The waiter eventually arrived, took our order then stated that he would get us bread, and disappeared. Bread never came (no charge, empty calories, but...). Our uninspired house salads arrived and were consumed and we waited some more. When they arrived the veal parmigiana and the house chicken special were really good. We did not have dessert mainly because everything seemed so arduous for the staff. The main issues seemed to be a lack of communication and coordination among the service

########
Rank: 7
Score: 44.60968
Retrieved Text: First Ave and N. Gulph Rd.
Valley Forge Casino Resort is the region’s only full-amenity gaming resort, located conveniently near the Main Line and easily accessible from Philadelphia and the Pennsylvania Turnpike. Valley Forge Casino Resort offers an unparalleled guest experience featuring a safe, exclusive gaming environment with 600 of the hottest slot machines and 50 table games; live entertainment including the Valley Forge Casino Resort Music Fair, which brings national headliners to the Valley Forge Casino Resort Convention Center; upscale dining at Revolution Chop House; bars and lounges that offer a range of experiences from the area’s hottest DJ’s at Center Bar to Valley Beach, a seasonal daytime poolside and outdoor club, to Valley Tavern where sports fans can watch their favorite teams on big screen TVs while enjoying pub fare and a wide assortment of craft and draft beers. Valley Forge Casino Resort, Philadelphia’s premier entertainment destination.
Private dining options are available.
Revolution Chop House is an incredible steak house that offers a wide variety of steaks, fresh seafood and an extensive wine list in a warm, friendly environment.
Revolution Chop House provides classic chops deliciously prepared by our chefs. Our bone-in meats including New Zealand Double Lamb Chops, a 14oz. Prime New York Strip and the best Veal Chop you will find anywhere, all from local purveyors.
Easter brunch buffet - the Chop House never disappoints. From service to presentation to quality of food, the brunch was wonderful. This was my first experience with a buffet at this restaurant, and I’d recommend it to others. They can handle

########
Rank: 8
Score: 44.225246
Retrieved Text: We offer a variety of menu selections for any occasion or budget, including two, three and four-course lunch and dinner menus. Our event planning staff may also assist you in creating customized menus and cocktail packages for both formal and informal functions. In addition to our two private dining rooms, other sections of the restaurant that may be used for your upcoming events. Please visit our website for additional information.
Shula’s 347 is named in honor of Hall of Fame Coach, Don Shula. The winningest Coach in NFL history, with 347 career victories! Shula’s 347 follows a long line of successful restaurants, all founded on the same famous tradition of Shula's Steak Houses. Shula's 347 has everything from gourmet salads to fresh specialty fish and exclusively serves Premium Black Angus Beef® burgers and the best beef money can buy, The SHULA CUT ® steaks. The atmosphere is casual and full of energy, which includes a high impact bar, dark woods and a stunning video system. High-end flat panel screened TVs, dark woods and frames with spotlights, pigskin walls, and dark leather booths offer a different appeal and destination for the local market.
Food not as good as your shulas steakhouses. Ordered well done steak & it was medium. Baked potato was hard wasn’t fully cooked.
Food was okay - nothing spectacular. Decor is rather open and "modern" - the restaurant feels more like it's just in a corner of the hotel, rather than a separate entity... it's more of a bar than a restaurant. Service was good. Also, they

########
Rank: 9
Score: 44.212215
Retrieved Text: For Father’s Day this year we wanted to try a NEW restaurant that we never ate before…so we decided on Fleming’s Steakhouse in Metairie, LA. I ordered the filet mignon and my husband ordered the New York Stripe. We also ordered the crab cake for appetizer. With our steak we had brussel sprout, mash potato, and cream of spinach. The steak was good but Ruth Chris Steakhouse is still my FAVORITE steakhouse because their steak has more flavor and it STAYS HOT longer because of the plate that they used. Their sides are also alot better …especially the mash potato and the cream of spinach. Also you can’t BEAT the DELICIOUS CHEESECAKE from Ruth Chris!!

########
Rank: 10
Score: 44.20204
Retrieved Text: Both food and drinks from the bar are very good. The service has always been good and I enjoy going at least 2 times a month.
This restaurant is great! I go often. It does get busy so keep that in mind and go with the flow. Enjoy!
I had a turkey sandwich with green chile toasted. It was not expensive and was delicious. Thanks Subway!!!
If you like hot this place is a great place for the burgers or food with chile.
Mike, the server was outstanding and did everything he could to make our visit a pleasant one. Corey the manager came to our table to apologize for the inconvenience which was greatly appreciated. The bar didn’t have a working blender to make margaritas/piña coladas. This is our second time to Cheddars and the $200 blender hasn’t been fixed/replaced. Our fríes were served cold and when they brought them the second time they put the fresh hot fries on top and the cold stale ones on the bottom. They also forgot to bring our appetizer (croissants) and when they brought them they were cold and hard.
Not a good experience at all.... 😣The ease of ordering online through the app was a piece of cake. The actual picking up your order from the store, not a problem at all. Making sure you thoroughly check your order before leaving, is a MUST. Our order was missing multiple items. 1 of them was caught before we left the store and the other missed item was discovered after getting back to our

########
Rank: 11
Score: 43.759113
Retrieved Text: To skip and go straight to the meal, click here.
I rarely write restaurant reviews as it seems that anyone can do it (how well or how ethically is something else, though); it’s far too reminiscent of the ‘cash for comment’ scandal from back home; and if it’s a terrible place then they don’t deserve mentions OR if it’s an awesome place I’d rather not have to fight the masses for a table. Though to be fair, this is more a review of one dish since only a glutton would “order” eight dishes (for some people, ‘order’ means “I’ll write only favourable reviews in exchange for free food”, see ‘cash for comment’ above or any of the food bloggers in Korea when they are called out for being shameless shills).
Years ago I’d have lunch with an old Guardian journalist where we’d chew the fat over a meal. His beat wasn’t restaurant reviews (he used to write about East/West Germany) but occasionally he’d be called upon to fill those shoes. I can see how being a shill can be appealing since the first thing I naively asked him was whether he would tell the restaurant he was reviewing that he was reviewing them. I’ll never forget the look of shock on his face. He said that the reviewer should not have been influenced by the restaurant to write positive reviews since the point of the review is that every customer, whether prince or pauper, food blogger (shudder…) or bon vivant, gets the exact same service. You could be

########
Rank: 12
Score: 43.722557
Retrieved Text: Last night I had dinner with my two favorite buddies, Boaz and Dion, at Gauchos Grill. The boys wanted steak, so steak was to be had! As expected, the conversation was ridiculous and I wondered how long it would take for the restaurant to kick us out. Fortunately, the loud chatter from other tables and the constant sssstttt of meat being grilled over an open flame meant no one could really hear us.
Gauchos has existed in the Netherlands for over 40 years and is your prototypical Argentinian steak restaurant. The meat is tasty and of good quality, and everything else is actually not really worth mentioning, though I will of course. They have a pretty good wine list of wines from Argentina. We chose the Bodega Norton Syrah Reserva, smooth, fruity, and strong, but not too heavy.
For steak Boaz ordered the bife ancho (ribeye) and Dion and I had the bife de chorizo (sirloin). Boaz ordered his medium rare, I took mine rare, and Dion went for medium even after Boaz and I chastised him about it. Unfortunately, only Dion’s was cooked to order. Mine was going towards medium rare but was still rare enough to be acceptable, and Boaz’s was practically raw. He couldn’t be bothered sending it back because he was hungry, so he made like a lion and went to work on it. The flavor of the steak is really quite good, with a lot of flame-grilled char. I didn’t ask for any sauce as the steak flavor is good on its own,

########
Rank: 13
Score: 43.50806
Retrieved Text: With a Euro-style cocktail bar serving Amaro cocktails and cicchetti.
To enter you wander down an alleyway, pass through a door and take a flight of stairs down to an antique-look, Euro-style cocktail bar. Another door leads to a similarly Continental-themed room, the dining room, with a flaming hearth covered in T-bone steaks as the centrepiece.
Welcome to Bistecca, a new restaurant from The Wild Rover and Grandma’s Bar team.
It’s all very theatrical, so much so it’s reminiscent of another transportive CBD venue: Restaurant Hubert. It’s hard to imagine the owners of Bistecca, James Bradey and Warren Burns, weren’t inspired by the hugely popular French restaurant. But while the feel may be similar, this isn’t a Hubert rip-off – the product is markedly different.
Bistecca is only about steak. Literally – it’s the one and only main on the menu. And not just any steak, one particular style: bistecca alla fiorentina, or T-bone traditionally cooked, originally in Tuscany, over coals and served rare.
“It’s risky, but we're not worrying about cooking five different cuts of meat, poaching fish and roasting chicken, or whatever. We just cook steak absolutely perfectly,” says Bradey.
And why T-bone? “The beauty of the T-bone is you’re getting two different cuts of meat on the one bone … the sirloin and fillet will cook at different temperatures,” says Bradey.
This is how it works. You ask for your steak in weight, at $13 per 100 grams. It’s carved in front of the hearth and then a waiter presents the cut at the table, tells you the price, and

########
Rank: 14
Score: 43.066063
Retrieved Text: To be fair, I didn’t make much of an effort last time. The playing site is a behemoth hotel on a concrete island; without a car, you are stuck on site. I think I ate at Port of Subs, a Subway-like alternative a dozen times over the ten days. So this time, I promised myself I would do better.
The hotel advertises Charlie Palmer as Reno’s first celebrity chef. From one kitchen, he has three different concepts: Briscola (Italian), Fin Fish (seafood) and Charlie Palmer Steak. I hit all three, and it was surprisingly inconsistent.
I think Briscola was the best of the bunch; I had a veal osso bucco, which was tender and flavorful, but a little greasy. Steve had the special, a chicken saltimbocca. I tried it and it was good rendition of a classic. Dessert was a lovely cherry panna cotta (with appropriate jiggle) and coffee gelato. We sat at the bar, and had great service and Steve loved his wine.
I had the roasted monkfish, which was a fine but uninteresting. Steve’s halibut was overcooked and the red pepper coulis did nothing to help. I did like the bread basket, which was composed of crisp flatbreads. The décor was disjointed; sleek bar and counter area was juxtapositioned with floating driftwood wall, giving the space a Lincoln log feel. Weird.
A celebration meal requires a big hunk of meat. Steve and I toasted our 4th place finish in the national mixed pairs with a meal at Charlie Palmer Steak. We had a mixed green salad to start,

########
Rank: 15
Score: 43.027916
Retrieved Text: The Chicago Prime and Starlight Diner logo stand proudly outside a stately-looking previous shopping centre. Chicago Prime opened on the 8th of August, and the fifth Starlight Diner in Moscow is to open shortly. Chicago Prime is reached by going up some escalators just by the main entrance. Escalators are a good idea if you are unable to navigate stairs for any reason.
Once upstairs one is hit by a wave of warmth and friendliness rather uncommon in Moscow’s sometimes over-priced restaurants. The décor is formal but subdued, with dark stained oak walls, soft lighting and sofa-type seating arranged around medium-sized and large tables, which are mostly partitioned off from each other. Mercifully, the music is not loud. On the night I visited Chicago Prime together with Ross Hunter, headmaster of the English International School, we were ushered straight to the Raw Bar to sample some of the establishment’s cocktails. The bar is suitably equipped with oysters, shrimps, lobsters, tuna and other maritime products ensconced in ice and backlit. There is a bewildering array of cocktails to choose from (twenty-four), so I went for an RG Infusion, with Rosemary-infused Hendrik’s Gin, raspberry Liqueur and Lemon Juice. This proved to be delicious, and highly addictive. Ross was served a Hang Thyme, which is consists of Absolut Citron, Simple Syrup, Fresh Thyme, and Lime Juice, which had a similar effect on the end-user, resulting in us being quite happy to stay at the bar all evening and enjoy the 120 or so other drinks on off er, from Mojitos

########
Rank: 16
Score: 42.943672
Retrieved Text: Life’s little pleasures. There are very few meals that are quite as satisfying as a good steak dinner. Fresh seafood can be quite pleasant and a foie gras burger is an exercise is extreme decadence, but neither brings the same smile to my face than a big slab of beef. Mmm… steak.
I took my family out for steak dinner earlier this month to celebrate my dad’s birthday. Like me, he also enjoys a great steak dinner. I guess that’s where I get it from. We decided to go to the Keg Steakhouse in Granville Island. We ordered a pitcher of beer and a couple of appetizers, but the highlight of the night had to be the steak. We’ve had better steak at Gotham Steakhouse and at Morton’s Steakhouse, but both of those restaurants would have cost a heck of a lot more. The Keg offers a pretty decent value.
The Keg-sized New York Striploin, shown above, is what my dad decided to go with. It was accompanied by a baked potato and some vegetables. I didn’t ask him how he enjoyed his dinner, but he did say that he wanted to come back to the same place next year. That probably means that the steak was pretty good.
Myself, I ordered the Baseball Sirloin. This is an incredibly thick cut of sirloin and it’s so thick that medium rare is the most they can cook it. I told the waitress that I wanted it Chicago style (charred on the outside) and medium rare on the inside. I’m glad

########
Rank: 17
Score: 42.92278
Retrieved Text: Have been once and was looking forward to a meat feast. We had very poor service, waiting 25 minutes for our order to be taken. A family of 6 arrived after us, got bored waiting and walked out. Eventually we ordered 3 beers. 2of them were the wrong ones and were sent back. We ordered 3 glasses of wine to have with our food. One glass was wrong so had to be sent back and they arrived before our beer. we ordered 2 steaks and a half rack of ribs as main courses. The ribs were the wrong flavour but, as we had waited so long for our meal, my friend decided to persevere. I ordered my steak medium but only about 2 inches at one end was medium, despite it being the same thickness throughout. the chips were soft, pale and unappetising. I specifically said no sauce or butter for my steak but got a jug of gravy, which I sent back. This appeared on the bill. we were so fed up that we went elsewhere for dessert. I don’t believe nearly £17 for my average steak, a piece of watercress and chips is good value. This restaurant is in close competition where it is located. If it doesn’t pull it’s socks up it will not last long. I will not be returning, nor will I recommend it to others when there are so many other places to eat. I suspect they tried hard on their opening night but have gone downhill from there.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 42.706367
Retrieved Text: *Note: Both The Club and Aqua closed in 2015.
A few weeks ago I went home to St. John’s Newfoundland for a much needed visit with family and friends. After my brief and exhausting 3 day stopover at Christmas I felt cheated out of down time and girlie time, so I was excited to relax and enjoy my hometown. And, if you know me, relaxation involves eating, and of course trying the new restaurants that have opened in St. John’s since I moved away last summer. For our girls night out and to celebrate Rachel’s birthday, the girls decided that The Club on Duckworth street was the place to go.
So on my last evening in St. John’s I headed down to The Club. Owned by Chef Mark McCrowe who also owns the ever popular Aqua, The Club is a self-proclaimed Gastropub offering Steak, Oysters, and local beers on tap. When I arrived, I was greeted by Rebecca, an old-coworker and friend of Rachel’s, and she led me to a big corner booth in the back of the dimly lit restaurant.
Despite the masculine undertones of the decor (i.e dark colours and antlers), the restaurant feels trendy and metropolitan with its mix of rich woods, cool light fixtures, and kitschy nic nacs. I am very happy that the owner was able to overcome the fact that there have been a multitude of restaurants in this space before, and they have truly made it their own while highlighting the classic historic features of the space. The mason jar candles, the

########
Rank: 19
Score: 42.62288
Retrieved Text: In addition to its famous hot dogs of every kind, Dune Dog offers fresh seafood, great sandwiches and ribs.
At 6 p.m. on a Thursday night, the wait was about 45 minutes. Luckily, my husband snagged a seat at the bar and we were served almost immediately.
Always the hearty eater, my husband went for it with the snow crab n’ steak combo platter ($20.99). This hefty meal did not disappoint him; after eating the entire sirloin steak and snow crab legs, he didn’t have room for his waffle fries. I tried the crab n’ cake platter ($17.99), which included two delicious crab cakes, a handful of snow crab legs, and rice and beans on the side. The crab cakes were on the thinner side, but full of crab and not bread crumb filler. My oldest daughter got the Thursday night special, the seafood lover’s dream of a whole Maine lobster ($15.99). She loved it, as well as her favorite onion rings. My younger daughter ordered her standard chicken giggles (chicken nuggets in the shape of a smiley face) from the children’s menu. It’s a bargain at $4.50, and comes with waffle fries and a scoop of ice cream with sprinkles for dessert.
The fun island atmosphere, delicious food and great service.
Our waitress, Gabi, was very attentive, despite how busy she was. A true professional!
Although the restaurant was completely packed, because it’s open air the noise level was manageable. We couldn’t hear the music playing, but had no problem hearing each other.
You’ll find burgers, hot dogs, chicken nuggets, fish

########
Rank: 20
Score: 42.470806
Retrieved Text: The Phoenix “An American Tavern” opened up last spring to rave reviews. Located in the rejuvenating neighborhood of Black Rock, you’ll find it just down the street from Black Rock Kitchen & Bar, The Sportsmen’s Tavern, and Spar’s Meat Shop – home of some of the world’s greatest sausages.
The Phoenix is a handsome tavern where the bar is the focal point upon entering. A cozy, one room dining area awaits in the back.
It was quiet on a Wednesday with just a few other tables occupied. Having stopped for a cocktail on the way we jumped right in to entrees and a bottle. Our waitress was kind enough to bring us a fine amuse bouche. The Phoenix has an adequate wine list, a full bar, and a great looking list of cocktails. I didn’t see a beer list, but I’m sure they sell it.
With enthusiasm I stepped up and ordered one the night’s specials, Grilled Dijon Rabbit with Cumberland sauce $23. It came accompanied with a root vegetable medley and rice. The rabbit was more bone than meat, which I immediately remembered is often the case. The Dijon flavor was nice, but the lack of meat a bit off-putting. Not the fault of The Phoenix, clearly the rabbit’s problem. I didn’t notice the Cumberland sauce. The rice was white, the root vegetables delightful.
My companion ordered the Vietnamese Bahn Mi sandwich ($13) – marinated flank steak on a soft Vietnamese bun with cucumber, pickled red onion and carrot, with maggi sauce and sriracha mayo. Maggi sauce (Maggi-Würze) is

########
Rank: 21
Score: 42.416386
Retrieved Text: Thanks Becky, you beat me to it, I've arranged a table for 20, hoping everyone will be able to make it in time. Please let me know if any of you feel you can't make it in time, or would prefer to eat elsewhere. Thanks.
Hi Becky. The homemade steak & ale pie for me too please & 2 pints of beer.
Hobbies : Bmw technician. Weight training. Music. Beer.
Humour : big american 4x4?
Might have to rename the site:- Yamaha pie eaters club.
Hi Becky - could I have the mushroom starter followed by the steak and ale pie for my main please?
Spoke to John Armitage yesterday, he has contacted Becky direct and is also having the steak pie, as I am as well, but I really need to be sat between Rosco and DBD as I wont be able to eat a full portion, so those two gannets will be able to help me out.
2 more members of the pie eaters club here. Gill and I will both have the steak and ale pie please.
In a previous existance i may have known the Bouncer.
Just a quick reminder to anyone who hasn't already ordered their meal, we would like the last of them by the end of the day please.
Had a quick check through Becky, I think you have everyone.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 42.382343
Retrieved Text: Whilst we were visiting Stratford-Upon-Avon we visited the Lazy Cow steak restaurant, we wanted to visit last year but could not fit it in as we had planned so much. So this year I was determined to eat here. It is such a cool, trendy atmosphere and reminds me very much of my favourite bar in Manchester the Oast House.
It is set in a stunning location, right on the Bank of the River Avon, overlooking a conservation area. Perfect for dinner and drinks on a summers evening. We were greeted and offered a choice of sitting inside or outside, and then shown to our seat and greeted by Beki our waitress for the evening. Beki took our drinks order, which arrived very quickly, and took the time to tell us about certain dishes on the menu and then left us to choose our meals.
I must say I struggled there was so much to choose from, and looking at all the tables around us,(I am terrible for doing that) all the food looked so good. I decided to go for a steak burger after much deliberation. When Beki took our order she spent time with Jack looking at his carbs and cals app showing him the portion sizes of the food he had ordered, so he could work out his insulin correctly.
This always has a huge bearing on how I feel about a restaurant. Jack has to get his injection right; it shows the measure of a restaurant when staff who are visibly busy give him the

########
Rank: 23
Score: 42.357918
Retrieved Text: You must make reservations at least 5 minutes in advance of the time at Belcampo- Santa Monica.
We have a lot behind the restaurant where you will find our valet!
A local farm-to-table restaurant and butcher shop on Wilshire Blvd., offering one of the best foodie and craft cocktail experiences in the city. The restaurant serves elegant California cuisine, which is prepared using Organic, grass-fed meat sourced exclusively from our CA farm and offers exceptional farm-inspired craft cocktails. Whether you’re joining us for Lunch, Dinner, Happy Hour, or our not-to-be-missed Weekend Brunch, you can expect inventive and delicious dishes and incredible cocktails.
You can also visit our adjoining butcher shop to pick up Organic, grass-fed meat from our CA farm and specialty groceries.
All salads have 7 oz of protein!
Fresh Catch Weight Varies. Wild, small fisherman's catch from "dock to dish"
Very disappointed in the food. Out of the 3 items that we ordered, we were unable to finish any of them because of the poor preparation of the burger, bacon caesar salad, and Brussels sprouts. The only reasons we didn't send them all back (or say anything at the time) was that we were too hungry and in too good a mood to have to wait for everything to be remade.
Food was great, incl desser. Hey Steak cooked perfectly (medium rare). However, when stake is served, would be nice to hear the plate more to keep it warm. Steak was not hot enough when served.
The food is amazing! We had short rib Mac and cheese, bone broth, roasted carrots, and

########
Rank: 24
Score: 42.356426
Retrieved Text: Steak takes center stage at this lively, New York-style steakhouse in Myrtle Beach. They have continued to wow guests for over 20 years with “Best Steak” and diners’ choice awards, including Golf Magazine’s choice for “where to eat with your clients”. The exceptional service and USDA prime-only menu includes expertly broiled aged beef, colossal baked shrimp and fresh Florida stone crabs. Bonus: enjoy all of the above in the private room.
Excellent service and wonderful food prepared exactly to our liking. Our waiter Chris was awesome and very helpful with our meal selection.
Have been to this restaurant a number of times - local. This time it was awful. I'll never go back. Spend your money someplace else.
I have had better steak at Ponderosa !
New York Prime is outstanding. The service is GREAT. The steaks are fantastic. The Sunday brunch steak and eggs was outstanding. I would recommend New York Prime to anyone. I go there regularly and have never had any issues. Its the best steak in Myrtle Beach. And the best service in Myrtle Beach. Thanks New York Prime for a great meal and experience. Jack M.
We visited this restaurant on a fairly regular basis when we traveled to the coast of South Carolina in the past. We haven’t been in about four years but decided to splurge this past weekend. An excellent decision. The food was top-notch. Our server, Lee, was professional and congenial. Our prime filets were perfectly cooked (one rare and the other medium rare). Overall, a thoroughly enjoyable evening. Expensive, but worth

########
Rank: 25
Score: 41.969624
Retrieved Text: The occasion was a quick lunch while doing errands in Lexington. Winchell’s theme is a combination sports bar and home-cooking restaurant. Their menu is extensive and frequently includes side dishes made with local products and produce. Selections include: Large variety of appetizers, soups, salads, lunch plates, entrees, sandwiches, side items, and desserts. Many of the selections have a decidedly Kentucky or Southern flavor such as the grits, green beans, kale greens, vinegar slaw, and several desserts made with Bourbon. * Note* - If my doctor is reading this – skip this next section. I ordered the Country Fried Steak with mashed potatoes (both covered in cream gravy) and a side of Jalapeno Cheese Grits. The steak was a little tough, as Country Fried Steak can sometimes be – but I have ordered it several times before at Winchell’s and it was very tender. Alas, tenderness is a fundamental issue with Country Fried Steak in general – mainly dependent on the person doing the cooking. The Cheese Grits are some of the best in town, and the Jalapenos give it a little more kick. Each day, the daily special board features about 10 entrees, 2-3 soups, several sandwiches, and a few desserts. Most of the specials are seasonal items – either due to produce availability or holidays and other special occasion themes. Sometimes the “specials” include a few price reductions of existing menu items. There is also a kids menu, a large selection of breakfast plates served all day, and a Party Menu if you would like

########
Rank: 26
Score: 41.9056
Retrieved Text: The antique stained oak revolving door lets guests know they’re about to enter a world of timeless luxury and gracious hospitality. The flagship of the elegant Easton Town Center, the multi-story iconic green-and-white building offers an atmosphere that is refined but never fussy. Whether you’re planning an intimate gathering or a festive soiree, our multitude of vintage-inspired dining rooms and casual bar offer a welcome place to enjoy good company.
Our waiter Mars was exceptional as was the food!
For my fiance's birthday was Saturday and the experience was amazing. Our server was very informative, helped us during our first visit. Food was prepared perfectly. Will definitely be back again!
Angry Shrimp was fantastic. Beef Bacon was also fantastic. 2 filets ordered and both were really good and cooked perfectly. 2 ribeyes also ordered and one was perfect while the other was pretty good. Most steakhouses of this level will have a bone out option for a ribeye, no choice of that here. I would have preferred that.
Service was great had no issues at all.
Noise was a little high but we did sit on the patio so it was to be expected somewhat.
Overall a great experience and will most likely be back.
I was very disappointed with my experience at your restaurant, I brought my wife to your establishment from Buffalo New York. The music was inappropriate it was an up beat music and way too loud. When I go to fine dining I don't expect loud upbeat music I expect piano type music in a fine dining restaurant!! My

########
Rank: 27
Score: 41.75572
Retrieved Text: We went out to Casey’s Bar and Grill last night because we had a 2 for 1 dinner coupon, and it expired yesterday.
Ordered the 14 oz NY Steak with grilled portabello mushrooms, while my wife had the Rib n Wing combo. The food was delicious, steak tasted great (albeit, not as good as Ruth’s Chris ), and ditto with the Ribs and Wings.
After that we decided to try out the Mile High Chocolate cake, which was awesome. By the end of the night, we were so full, it was hard to breathe. I’d recommend trying out Casey’s to anyone.
I have to recommend the wings though, they’re really good. The lattice fries also come recommended.
When we need to eat out, and are on a tight budget, we usually go to the nearest Vietnamese restaurant called Pho Mi.
Average Rating: 4.9 out of 5 based on 208 user reviews.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 41.718853
Retrieved Text: Even though breakfast is supposedly the most important meal of the day I find that I often don’t have time for a proper one. By the time I finish my morning routine of making and packing the kids’ school snacks and lunches, driving them to school, running errands and doing chores, it’s nearly lunch time.
If I’m lucky, I would’ve chugged a glass of milk and that would hold me until lunch time. If I’m really really lucky, I might come back from the school run and find the previous night’s leftovers in the fridge and eat that. Because who doesn’t like spicy Thai green curry for breakfast? Or leftover steak?
On my first visit to Eggspectation – a breakfast cafe in The Beach complex at JBR – I ordered their steak and eggs. I like good steak (not cheap chewy cuts) and theirs was Angus. I asked for it medium rare. It came a little blue (very rare) but I didn’t mind. Some things I like more on the rare side. I ate it so fast, I have no pictures.
Scotch, the kids and I went on a lovely weekend morning in November and it was quite busy. We didn’t want to wait for an outside table with two hungry kids so we ended up with a booth indoors which was nearly completely full as there was a large group dining in the middle of the restaurant. The atmosphere was loud and bustling like a Chinese dim sum restaurant which is good with kids because no one can

########
Rank: 29
Score: 41.670464
Retrieved Text: is dedicated to sustainable practices and serves the upscale restaurant and retail markets.
Try the all new Brandt Beef Jerky. Jerky enthiusiasts will love!
See our Head to Tail chart to find a cut or preparation idea.
Find out what makes why Brandt Beef is in a class of it’s own.
NY strip steaks - NY strip steaks are the best online strip steaks available and by far the #1 choice and most ordered steak we have. This prime cut rib eye delivers all the taste and tenderness to satisfy the most stringent critics.
This is a small, boneless steak cut from the sirloin; a very versatile cut that can be prepared grilled as a cut steak, or roasted whole. Top Sirloin Cap Steak is as versatile as it is flavorful. The Colette is a well kept secret among beef enthusiasts and is well suited for grilling and pan frying.
Brandt Beef rib eye; By far the #1 choice and most ordered steak we have. This prime cut rib eye delivers all the taste and tenderness to satisfy the most stringent critics. The rib eye steak is held in high regard perhaps because of its ample marbling or the flavor that has made it the classic American steak.
Americas favorite steak,rib eye steaks are prime, or prime rib eyesteaks and they make the best rib eye steaks anywhere, either online rib eye steaks, steaks, or just fresh steaks. Fresh steaks online have been around for a while, find good steak and beef online is difficult, but there is great beef and steak out

================



======= Instance Index 9661 =========
Input Text: antarctic ocean is named after a continent.  What's another ocean that's named after a landmass?
Choose the most suitable option to answer the above question.
Options:
- antarctic
- atlantic
- pacific
- indian ocean
- pacific

Target Text: indian ocean

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 59.28664
Retrieved Text: Key difference: The North and South poles are Earth’s ending poles. The North Pole is the northernmost point of the Earth's axis; commonly known as the Arctic region. While, the South Pole is the southernmost point of the Earth's axis; commonly known as the Antarctic continent.
The Earth’s North and South poles are known as the end poles lying to the extreme points of the earth. The north and south poles comprises of the Earth’s Polar Regions. The North Pole is the Arctic region, which is located in the middle of the Arctic Ocean surrounded by continents. On the other hand, the South Pole comprises of the huge Antarctic continent surrounded by oceans. Both, North and South poles have some factors in similar to each other, while there are many such factors which differentiate them from each other.
The North Pole lies to the northernmost point of the Earth’s axis. It’s the region of floating ice sheet with no land mass, known as the Arctic region.
It is mainly located in the north polar ocean. This regions includes several larger islands such as Greenland, Spitzbergen, Franz Josef Land, Severnaya Zemlya, Wrangel Island, Bank Island, Victoria Island, Ellesmere Island and various others that all boarder the countries like Russia, Canada, Alaska and Greenland. The Arctic Ocean is surrounded by continents. The seasonal icebergs found here are calved from the glaciers. This region has its own natural Floral and Fauna which adds a terrific beauty in its nature. The humans also reside in the North Pole.
The South Pole lies to the

########
Rank: 1
Score: 53.403397
Retrieved Text: There's nothing quite like a journey on the Aurora Australis, the workhorse of Antarctic expeditioners for more than a quarter of a cemtury.
The Southern Ocean swirls itself into frequent fury that can take experienced mariners from more northerly climes by surprise.
As a result, the ships that ply the great south in support of Antarctic research programs are special.
Ships are all female – even when named for men – and we ascribe to them qualities we admire: strength, resilience, courage, determination. Over 27 years of Antarctic service, the Aurora Australis has survived fire, ice and damage to its hull, and has transported millions of tonnes of stores and thousands of expeditioners on their way to or from the adventure of their lives.
She becomes a moving metal haven of safety on a vast ocean under limitless sky.
I’ve been one of those lucky ones. The feelings on setting sail for Antarctica on the Aurora Australis include disbelief, awe, privilege, excitement – and a touch of fear. The tension of boarding, farewelling loved ones and getting settled in all disappears when the ship’s horn sounds and it slowly pulls away from the dock.
As land slips below the horizon behind us, our world shrinks down to the ship and those on board. She becomes a moving metal haven of safety on a vast ocean under limitless sky.
For the expeditioners on their way to or from a stint on station, life on board quickly settles to a routine of meals, musters, visits to the bridge to watch the ocean slip by and

########
Rank: 2
Score: 51.7345
Retrieved Text: Alphas realm is home to a large landmass surrounded by several large bodies of water and multiple small seas. There are some smaller continents but overall there are considered three.
Ur - The main landmass of the current map, notable for most nations and settlements and all three spawns. (name first noted in writing in 'Giants of Ur' by Berezov) After several map extensions, it became obvious that the former continent Snowbelt is also a part of Ur.
Southrim - A southern landmass, discovered since the great map expansion of 2015, and not (yet) properly connected to Ur in 2018.
Mapex - In 2018 the northwestern edge of the map, revealed in several expansions after 2015 and sparsely settled to date.
Slavic Sea - In a part of the world west of the Great Waste, up to 2015 mostly known for being home to a number of failed settlements at the foot of the Mountain of Bremen. In winter 2015, various Russian-speaking individuals settled around its edges and created landmark-worthy monuments. Until 2018, many of them ventured across the ocean when their horizons widened.
Alder Sea - Named by the people of the Klamdau, at one time it was the maps biggest water feature. The sea lies east of the Great Waste.
Northeastern Sea - Island-dotted ocean northeast of Spawn City. Home to various independent settlements connected by the Valensiya Metro System, including the Commons of Valensiya and Midgard Municipality.
Snowbelt Sea - Arbitraily named in memorandum of the Snowbelt Continent that as of 2018 is no more.
Occoquan Sea - Ocean bordering Southrim

########
Rank: 3
Score: 50.173557
Retrieved Text: Africa the planet's 2nd largest continent and the second most-populous continent (after Asia) includes (53) individual countries, as well as Western Sahara, a member state of the African Union whose statehood is disputed by Morocco. With just over a billion people (a 2009 estimate) it accounts for just over 14% of the world's human population. It also contains the Nile River system, the world's longest, and the massive Sahara Desert, the world's largest. Africa is surrounded by the Mediterranean Sea to the north, both the Suez Canal and the Red Sea along the Sinai Peninsula to the northeast, the Indian Ocean to the southeast, and the Atlantic Ocean to the west.
The continent straddles the equator and encompasses numerous climate areas, and is the only continent to stretch from the northern temperate to southern temperate zones. Africa, particularly central eastern Africa, is widely thought (by science) to be the origin of humans as evidenced by the discovery of the earliest hominids and their ancestors.
Asia:- has three important recognized political divisions: The Middle East, (or West Asia) countries are colored a lighter shade of gray; Southeast Asia (or South Asia) countries are colored a medium shade of gray, and North Asia countries are colored a darker shade of gray. Note that European Russia is also considered a part of the Asian Continent. As the planet's largest continent, Asia covers about 30 percent of the world's landmass and includes (44) countries and assorted islands and/or dependencies.
Significant features of the continent of Asia include the world's tallest mountain, Mt Everest

########
Rank: 4
Score: 48.560776
Retrieved Text: The Antarctic continent is one of the last truly untouched wildernesses left in the World. This snowbound landmass has some of the most spectacular scenery to be found anywhere, with craggy cliffs and massive icebergs. It is also home to an abundance of aquatic wildlife including whales and seals, along with large populations of penguins, albatross and other species such as petrels, prions, fulmars, and shearwaters.
The Antarctic has some of the most rugged and breathtaking scenery known to man and the journey there is an adventure in itself. Highlights include the Antarctic Peninsula and South Shetland Islands, where you will find some of the best wildlife viewing, including humpback, minke and killer whales, leopard seals, and various species of penguin. Paradise Harbour, filled with icebergs, is a great place to get ashore and visit one of the many scientific research stations. While the Lemaire Channel - known as 'Kodak Gap' for its unrivalled photographic potential - provides a perfect opportunity to watch for calving glaciers, one of the most amazing displays of nature on Earth.
Travel to the White Continent means boarding a cruise ship. There are plenty to choose from depending on how long you wish to travel and what level of accommodation you require. Cruise itineraries usually range from between twelve to twenty days and include at least four days travelling at sea. Onboard historians and naturalists are always on had to help bring alive the continent's rich history and unique wildlife. Ships can range from the more basic converted research ships right up to

########
Rank: 5
Score: 47.106102
Retrieved Text: It may sound unlikely, but the evidence is mounting that the more the Antarctic warms under the impact of climate change, the more snow will fall on it.
Not only that, says a team of European and US scientists, but as the snow turns to ice it is going to flow downhill, borne by its own weight, and contribute to rising sea levels.
The impact of this paradoxical process is likely to be significant. The team, led by scientists from Germany‘s Potsdam Institute for Climate Impact Research (PIK), says each degree Celsius of warming in the region could increase Antarctic snowfall by about 5%.
The research, published in Nature Climate Change, builds on high-quality ice-core data and fundamental laws of physics captured in global and regional climate model simulations.
The suggestion that Antarctic snowfall is increasing is not itself new, though not all scientists accept the data without qualification.
What the Potsdam scientists have done is important, not simply because they provide new evidence to support the contention, but because they explore its potential consequences.
“Warmer air transports more moisture, and hence produces more precipitation,” said Katja Frieler, climate impacts and vulnerabilities researcher at PIK, and lead author of the report.
To reach a robust estimate, the PIK scientists collaborated with colleagues in the Netherlands and the US.
“Ice-cores drilled in different parts of Antarctica provide data that can help us understand the future,” says co-author Peter U. Clark, professor of geology and geophysics at Oregon State University.
The researchers combined the ice-core data with simulations of the Earth’s climate history and comprehensive future projections

########
Rank: 6
Score: 45.526386
Retrieved Text: We all know that geography changes over time: countries splinter, capitals move, countries and cities change names. However, most of these reflect human changes, so I generally don’t expect natural geography to change. Nonetheless, over the past few years, I’ve noticed some exceptions that illustrate the discrepancy between geography in my youth and geography today.
1. The Southern Ocean – When I was young, there were four oceans: Atlantic, Arctic, Indian, and Pacific. The water around Antarctica didn’t have its own name; instead, Antarctica had coasts on the South Atlantic, South Pacific, and Indian Oceans. In the year 2000, however, the International Hydrographic Organization (IHO) dubbed it the Southern Ocean. The IHO has just 68 member countries because landlocked countries are excluded from membership. When the IHO proposed naming it as a new ocean, only 28 of the 68 members formally responded. Argentina opposed the proposal, while the other 27 supported it, and 18 of those 27 voted for Southern Ocean over Antarctic Ocean. Long story short, now the world is stuck with the Southern Ocean because fewer than 10% of the world’s 190+ countries voted in favor of it.
2. The Alboran Sea – As a child, I enjoyed reading my parents’ atlas, and I was especially fond of the smaller seas within the Mediterranean, such as the Ionian and the Tyrrhenian. Recently I was puzzled to see the westernmost portion of the Mediterrean, just east of the Strait of Gibraltar, referenced as the Alboran Sea. That was new to me, and I confirmed that it’s not

########
Rank: 7
Score: 45.26503
Retrieved Text: Lamont’s polar scientists are back in Antarctica on missions to study the continent’s ice. Ice shelves like the Ross Ice Shelf reach out over the ocean from the massive ice sheet covering the continent, and researchers are exploring how changes in climate will affect them. Flying over the ice and using remote sensing equipment, they will continue work done in previous years to help gauge the stability of Antarctica’s ice sheets.
The ‘bird’ has flown! Voices are raised in celebratory cheers from the southernmost continent to across the U.S. Our first ALAMO float is deployed! Now we can begin to answer some of the big questions on this mysterious ice/ocean interface.
The Antarctica Peninsula has been referred to as Antarctica’s third ice sheet. Following behind the East and West Antarctic ice sheet in size, one might be inclined to minimize its importance in the effects of melting Antarctic ice, on changes in sea level and other impacts, but that would be an imprudent mistake. The peninsula is Antarctica’s most northern spit of land; like a crooked finger it stretches out beckoning towards the southern tip of South America and her warmer climate.
Ice shelves can behave like dominos. When they are lined up and the first one collapses it can cause a rippling effect like dominos. We have seen this with the Larsen Ice Shelves. Named in series, the Larsen A, B and C shelves extended along the northeastern edge of the West Antarctic Peninsula, and covered a large swath of coastline as recently as twenty years ago.
If you

########
Rank: 8
Score: 44.964264
Retrieved Text: The earliest speculation of Antarctica’s existence began in the ancient Greek civilization. Believing that the Earth was round and symmetrical, it was suggested that there must be a southern continent to balance the inhabited northern regions. Over 2000 years later, adventurous Europeans began epic ocean voyages exploring the New World and territories located in the South Ocean.
The closest any of these European explores came to actually finding the mythical continent of Antarctica was during the time that the United States was beginning its quest for freedom from the British Empire. An English explorer, Captain James Cook, who is considered the widest ranging explorer who ever lived, actually circumnavigated Antarctica. Amazingly, he never spotted the frozen continent. Antarctica had yet to be discovered.
Antarctica was finally sighted for the first time on January 26, 1820. Fabian von Bellingshausen, an Estonian who was a captain in the Russian Imperial Navy, made the sighting. Bellingshausen was able to able to approach Antarctica because his boat’s hull was sheathed with copper, provided protection from the frozen ocean and icebergs that guard Antarctica’s coast.
The first human to set foot on Antarctica is claimed to be by a Norwegian whaler named Henrik Johan Bull. Bull set out to Antarctica strictly for profits to be gained from the reported rich whaling grounds reported to exist in Antarctic waters. Although Bull did not find many whales, he did land a place in history by landing on the continent in 1895.
Over the next few years, a few hardy explorers reached the continent’s edge, setting off a

########
Rank: 9
Score: 44.308952
Retrieved Text: The mostly ice-covered rocky island 500 m long in SW-NE direction and 150 m wide, lying off the NE coast of Trinity Island in the Palmer Archipelago. Situated 8.43 km SW of Cape Neumayer and 10.67 km N of Awl Point. British mapping in 1978.
Named after the ocean fishing trawler Kaprela of the Bulgarian company Ocean Fisheries – Burgas whose ships operated in the waters of South Georgia, Kerguelen, the South Orkney Islands, South Shetland Islands and Antarctic Peninsula from 1970 to the early 1990s. The Bulgarian fishermen, along with those of the Soviet Union, Poland and East Germany are the pioneers of modern Antarctic fishing industry.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 44.306587
Retrieved Text: You are here: Earth > LET'S EXPLORE The Earth > What's it like at the poles?
"What's it like at the poles?." Earth, LET'S EXPLORE The Earth, Q-files Encyclopedia, 4 Jun. 2018.
Earth, LET'S EXPLORE The Earth, s.v. "What's it like at the poles?," accessed April 21, 2019.
The North Pole lies not on land but in the ocean: the Arctic Ocean. It is permanently covered by ice, although the size of the ice cap shrinks in summer months as the ice melts. The South Pole lies on the continent of Antarctica. This huge, mountainous landmass is mostly covered by an ice sheet all year round.
A map of the Arctic Ocean. Some of it is covered by ice all year round.
The North Pole lies on a floating sheet of ice, 2–3 metres (6–10 feet) thick, in the middle of the Arctic Ocean. In winter, pack ice forms around the edges of the ice cap. These are slabs of ice that are constantly being broken up and crushed together by the movement of the water underneath. Greenland is mostly covered with ice throughout the year.
If Greenland’s ice cap were to melt completely, the world’s sea level would rise by more than 7 metres (23 feet).

########
Rank: 11
Score: 44.124992
Retrieved Text: Unfortunately, rather than delve into the science, any time a climate change denier sees a statement that seems to go against the massive amount of scientific data and information showing that global weirding is happening, they cling to it with all their might and say, “Look! Look! The climate scientists are wrong!” If only we could live in that idyllic world.
Since Arctic sea ice is in a death spiral and is one of the clearest signs human-caused climate impacts are coming faster than expected, the disinformer side has been pressing its case that increasing southern sea ice somehow undercuts our understanding of what is going on in the climate system and why it is so worrisome.
Cook now has both a “basic” and “moderate” response, in addition to his shorter replies, which I repost below.
Antarctic sea ice has growing over the last few decades but it certainly is not due to cooling — the Southern Ocean has shown warming over same period. Increasing southern sea ice is due to a combination of complex phenomena including cyclonic winds around Antarctica and changes in ocean circulation.
Sea ice around Antarctica has been increasing over the last few decades that satellites have been measuring sea ice extent. Consequently, you often hear the refrain “Antarctica is gaining ice”. First of all, it’s worth remembering that sea ice is not to be confused with land ice. This distinction might seem obvious, but the two are often confused in media reports. Sea ice is frozen seawater floating on the surface, whereas land ice is

########
Rank: 12
Score: 44.048615
Retrieved Text: Fragments of an ancient continent are buried beneath the floor of the Indian Ocean.
Researchers have found evidence for a landmass that would have existed between 2,000 and 85 million years ago.
The strip of land, which scientists have called Mauritia, eventually fragmented and vanished beneath the waves as the modern world started to take shape.
Until about 750 million years ago, the Earth’s landmass was gathered into a vast single continent called Rodinia. And although they are now separated by thousands of kilometres of ocean, India was once located next to Madagascar.
Now researchers believe they have found evidence of a sliver of continent – known as a microcontinent – that was once tucked between the two.
The team came to this conclusion after studying grains of sand from the beaches of Mauritius.
While the grains dated back to a volcanic eruption that happened about nine million years ago, they contained minerals that were much older.
The zircon dated to between 1,970 and 600 million years ago, and the team concluded that they were remnants of ancient land that had been dragged up to the surface of the island during a volcanic eruption.
Mauritia could be found about 10km down beneath Mauritius and under a swathe of the Indian Ocean.
It would have spanned millions years of history, from the Precambrian Era when land was barren and devoid of life to the age when dinosaurs roamed the Earth.
But about 85m years ago, as India started to drift away from Madagascar towards its current location, the microcontinent would have broken up, eventually disappearing beneath the

########
Rank: 13
Score: 43.708668
Retrieved Text: The 250 m long in W-E direction and 110 m wide rocky island lying in Belimel Bay on the SW coast of Trinity Island in the Palmer Archipelago. Situated 1.7 km N of Asencio Point, 3.43 km S of Bulnes Point, 2.4 km SSW of Tizoin Point and 145 m NNW of Glarus Island. British mapping in 1978.
Named after the ocean fishing trawler Alka of the Bulgarian company Ocean Fisheries – Burgas whose ships operated in the waters of South Georgia, Kerguelen, the South Orkney Islands, South Shetland Islands and Antarctic Peninsula from 1970 to the early 1990s. The Bulgarian fishermen, along with those of the Soviet Union, Poland and East Germany are the pioneers of modern Antarctic fishing industry.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 43.386517
Retrieved Text: Antarctica is Earth's southernmost continent, containing the geographic South Pole. It is situated in the Antarctic region of the Southern Hemisphere, almost entirely south of the Antarctic Circle, and is surrounded by the Southern Ocean. At 14.0 million km2 (5.4 million sq mi), it is the fifth-largest continent in area after Asia, Africa, North America, and South America. For comparison, Antarctica is nearly twice the size of Australia. About 98% of Antarctica is covered by ice that averages at least in thickness, which extends to all but the northernmost reaches of the Antarctic Peninsula.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 43.368736
Retrieved Text: The miniature sheet comprises two 175p stamps: one featuring Frank Worsley, captain of the Endurance, and the other Henry Worsley who undertook the Shackleton Solo Expedition 100 years later. Henry Worsley tragically lost his life whilst attempting this first ever solo, unsupported and unassisted crossing of the Antarctic landmass.
These stamps are set against images of the Endurance expedition by the renowned photographer Frank Hurley which highlight the extremes endured by Shackleton's crew.
On his third trip to the Antarctic in 1914, with the ship Endurance, Sir Ernest Shackleton intended to cross Antarctica via the South Pole, the last major prize in Antarctic exploration. What unfolded was a story of courage and fortitude which resonates today, 100 years on.
Shackleton's hopes were dashed early in 1915, when the Endurance became trapped in the ice. She sank 10 months later, by which time the 28-strong crew had already been forced to abandon the ship to live on the floating ice.
Taking advantage of the ice beginning to break in April 1916, Shackleton and his men took to the sea in three small boats, eventually reaching Elephant Island. Shackleton, Captain Frank Worsley and four crew members went to find help not knowing what fate had befallen the colleagues they had left behind. The six men spent 16 days in a small boat crossing 720 nautical miles of ocean to reach South Georgia, arriving safely on 10th May 1916.
Amazingly, when rescuers returned to Elephant Island in August the marooned men were all found alive.
On 13th November 2015, Henry Worsley set out from Berkner

########
Rank: 16
Score: 43.27554
Retrieved Text: Remnants of a long-abandoned whaling station litter the shores of Mikkelsen Harbor, one of several shore excursions on the Antarctica XXI cruise through the Antarctic Peninsula.
After a two-hour flight from Punta Arenas, passengers arrive at King George Island in the South Shetlands, which is shared by Chile’s Frei and Russia’s Bellingshausen scientific stations.
One of the best ways to explore the Antarctic coastline is by sea kayak, an increasingly popular optional activity on many adventure programs.
“The land looks like a fairytale,” wrote Roald Amundsen about Antarctica.
“Great God, this is an awful place!” countered Robert Falcon Scott, Amundsen’s doomed rival in their race to the South Pole.
Both explorers got it right. The world’s coldest, highest, windiest and driest continent is both starkly beautiful and beautifully stark, truly a land of extremes. One that continually reminds you of your existential insignificance in the face of such an immensity of ice and snow and rock.
All of which makes exploring the fringes of the frozen continent a dream journey for adventurous travelers. But one that for most involves a stomach-churning crossing — the notoriously tempestuous Drake Passage between the southern tip of South America and the Antarctic Peninsula. The Drake Shake, as this dreaded body of water is nicknamed, has turned many an otherwise intrepid adventurer into a retching wreck.
Luckily there’s an easier option that slices several days and untold high-seas misery out of an Antarctic voyage. You can soar over Cape Horn and the Drake on a two-hour flight from the southern Chile port city of Punta Arenas to King

########
Rank: 17
Score: 42.828938
Retrieved Text: Sir Alexander Mackenzie (1755?-1820) was a Scottish-born fur trader and explorer who charted the Mackenzie River in Canada and also traveled to the Pacific Ocean. Mackenzie emigrated to Canada in 1779. From 1788 to 1796 , he commanded the trading post Fort Chipewyan, on Lake Athabasca in Alberta. In 1789, Mackenzie went on an expedition to chart the 1,100-mile Mackenzie River, travelling from the Great Slave Lake to the mouth of the Mackenzie in the Arctic Ocean, using Peter Pond's incorrect prediction that a river led from that lake to the Pacific Ocean. In 1793, on his second expedition, Mackenzie went from Ft. Chipewyan across the Rocky Mountains to the Pacific coast in is now British Columbia, going via the Peace, Parsnip, McGregor and Fraser Rivers and overland. He was the first European to cross the North American continent north of Mexico (and he did this twice). Mackenzie later retired to his native Scotland. Mackenzie wrote "Voyage from Montreal on the River St. Lawrence, Through the Continent of North America, to the Frozen and Pacific Oceans, in the Years 1789 and 1793," which was published in 1801.
Ferdinand Magellan (1480-1521) was a Portuguese explorer who led the first expedition that sailed around the Earth (1519-1522). Magellan also named the Pacific Ocean (the name means that it is a calm, peaceful ocean).
For more on Magellan, click here.
This activity requires a globe or detailed world map (one showing country names, latitude and longitude). Then follow the directions to follow Magellan's route around the globe. When you are done, unscramble

########
Rank: 18
Score: 42.450836
Retrieved Text: Share your action to show your support to add a ring to the Olympic symbol and start seeing the world as it really is.
it’s threatened by climate change.
so that the world doesn’t change.
Antarctica is one of the world’s greatest and most precious wild places. It’s also one of its most vulnerable. One hundred and thirteen million square kilometers of Antarctic land and sea provide a habitat for a large number of plant and animal species, such as the emperor penguin and the Weddell seal.
However, most of Antarctica’s species are migratory: they come to Antarctica to breed and feed their young during the summer and leave the continent at season’s end.
In order to understand the main threats that face this unique continent, we must focus on overfishing, climate change, and ocean acidification.
Do you know why? Because climate change and ocean acidification put Antarctica’s habitat, the ability of krill to develop, and, therefore, the hundreds of species that feed on it, at serious risk, which, in turn, puts the whole marine ecosystem at risk.
Meanwhile, we are witnessing the melting of Antarctica’s ice shelf and its glaciers, a rise in ocean temperatures, and changes in ocean stratification, ocean currents, and the ocean’s nutrient cycle, as well as in its oxygen content and pH. These are very big changes that have had big impacts. Think: over the past fifty years, the western part of the Antarctic Peninsula has recorded a rise in temperature four times larger than the average rise in temperature experienced by the rest of the planet. Sea

########
Rank: 19
Score: 42.055645
Retrieved Text: Humpaback Whales (Megaptera novaeangliae) - along the Sea of Hoces (1526), also called the Drake Passage (1578) - this is the narrowest stretch of water between Antarctica and another continent, measuring about 600 mi. (1,000 km) wide - from Cape Horn, Chile southward to the South Shetland Islands of Antarctica. It basically connects the Pacific to the Atlantic, and is part of the Southern Ocean. Also here is the Antarctic Convergence - which is the best natural definition of the northern extent of the Southern Ocean - it is a distinct region of the Antarctic Circumpolar Current (that separates the cold polar waters to the south from the warmer waters to the north), a westerly flowing current that flows around Antarctica powered by Antarctic winds.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 41.918102
Retrieved Text: A NASA research plane, as part of Operation IceBridge, captured this photo as it flew over a portion of the West Antarctic ice sheet in 2016.
Earth-orbiting satellites are watching Antarctica thaw.
Eighty scientists from over 40 earth sciences agencies, including NASA and the European Space Agency, used satellite data from between 1992 to 2017 to find that Antarctica has lost three trillion tons of ice to the oceans over this 25-year period.
Their research, published Wednesday in the journal Nature, confirms a troubling trend, as much of the world's fresh water is frozen away in Antarctica. It's accelerating melt will likely play a primary role in swelling Earth's oceans two or three feet higher this century, or perhaps as much as six feet.
The most vulnerable masses of ice are in West Antartica, where NASA has already witnessed an accelerating melt.
"They're melting like gangbusters," Josh Willis, an oceanographer at NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory, said in an April interview.
"These are massive rivers of ice that are dumping just huge amounts of ice into the oceans."
Perhaps most worrying, said Willis, is that this melting is unprecedented. Scientists are watching this thawing for the first time. They can see the melt is already accelerating — and it's unknown what's exactly to come.
"We have long suspected that changes in Earth’s climate will affect the polar ice sheets," Andrew Shepherd, a climate scientist and one of the study's lead authors, said in a statement.
"Thanks to the satellites our space agencies have launched, we can now track their ice losses and global sea level contribution

########
Rank: 21
Score: 41.78394
Retrieved Text: The adventure begins with a 800km (497 mi) crossing of the passage named in honour of 16th-century English sea captain and privateer Sir Francis Drake. The ship is at home in this part of the Southern Ocean. Enjoy daily lectures from the expedition team and keep an eye out for sightings of icebergs, whales, and albatross following in the Expedition's wake.The M/S Expedition is at home in this part of the Southern Ocean, known for the unimpeded never ending fetch of the winds that encircle the Antarctic.As the Expedition crosses the passage there will be time to become acquainted with the ship and frequent the common areas that include the lounge, dining hall, library and lecture hall where we meet our guides, ship’s crew and expedition staff.Begin lectures and information sessions to learn the extraordinary human and natural history of the Antarctic region.
Encounter some of the region's unique wildlife and awe-inspiring scenery while setting foot on the Antarctic continent. Attempt two shore landings per day (weather permitting) and encounter gentoo, chinstrap, and Adélie penguin rookeries; Weddell, crabeater, and leopard seals; and orca, humpback, and minke whales in the cold Antarctic waters.This is what we've all been waiting for - a chance to step foot on the Great White Continent! Over the next four days the Expedition will navigate southwards making stops in the South Shetland Islands then through the Bransfield Strait and to the Antarctic Peninsula.Our goal is to attempt two excursions per day while navigating through the area but our itinerary and daily schedule will

########
Rank: 22
Score: 41.683865
Retrieved Text: As (linguistically) it’s the least interesting ocean: it is named simply because it is to the south of India.
If you’re wondering whether there’s a link between Pacific and pacify, then you’re not wrong. The name of the ocean was originally a specific use of pacific, meaning ‘peaceful’ or ‘characterized by calmness’. Pacific Ocean derives from Mar Pacifico, the name given in Portuguese, Italian, and Spanish to the body of water in allusion to the calm seas experienced by Ferdinand Magellan on first reaching it in 1520.
Atlantic comes from the Greek Atlantikos, from Atlas, the Titan of Greek mythology who supported the heavens with his great strength. (His image appeared as a frontispiece to early collections of maps in a volume, leading to the modern use of the word atlas.) The term Atlantic originally referred to the Atlas Mountains in North Africa, and hence to the sea near the west African coast, and was later extended to refer to the whole ocean.
The Arctic Ocean, unsurprisingly, surrounds the Arctic; that is, the regions around the North Pole. Arctic conceals its origins rather more successfully; it comes from the Greek arktos, meaning ‘bear’ – and also ‘Ursa Major’ and ‘pole star’. The connection between bear and star comes from the story in Greek mythology that the nymph Callisto was turned into a bear and placed as a constellation in the heavens by Zeus.
The Antarctic Ocean, also known as the Southern Ocean, is defined in opposition to the Arctic: Antarctic simply means ‘opposite to the Arctic’. Both Antarctic Ocean and

########
Rank: 23
Score: 41.637806
Retrieved Text: Mawson Place commemorates the sailing of Sir Douglas Mawson on his Antartic voyages of 1911 and 1930.
Mawson’s 1911–1914 expedition successfully charted Antarctic coastline, investigated the ocean between Australia and Antarctica and examined Macquarie Island.
On 8 January 1912 Sir Douglas Mawson landed on the Antarctic continent after a journey from Hobart that took 36 days aboard the Aurora, a ship of just 612 tons. The vessel departed for Macquarie Island on December 2, 1911, arriving on December 11 after surviving stormy weather during the crossing. A second vessel, the Toroa, followed with supplies and passengers. Departing Macquarie Island on December 23, the Aurora began exploring the coastal areas, during which the vessel and its men discovered and named King George V Land and Queen Mary Land.
Key members of the expedition included Frank Hurley as official photographer, Frank Wild as leader of the western base, Charles Hoadley as geologist, and Cecil Madigan as meteorologist. The expedition built their main base, or winter quarters, at Cape Denison in Commonwealth Bay, where eighteen men spent the winter of 1912 and seven spent the winter of 1913.
Mawson, Mertz and Ninnis’s Far Eastern Journey departed Main Base in November 1912, on what would become a tragic and yet inspiring feat of courage and determination to return with the data and specimens the party set out to collect. Ninnis died from plummeting down a crevasse, with many of the supplies. Mertz perished from physical exertion, starvation and possibly toxicity from eating dogs’ livers. The loss of these popular expeditioners must have taken an

########
Rank: 24
Score: 41.272552
Retrieved Text: Roberto Pandiani (BRA) and Duncan Ross (RSA), are the first sailors in the world to cross the Drake Passage on an open boat without cabin.
It took them 83 hours to cross the famous and fearsome Drake Passage - the infamous 500 miles of open ocean that separates Cape Horn and the Antarctic Peninsula known as the roughest ocean in the world - but at 01h30am the sailors achieved the primary objective and the biggest challenge of the expedition.
Satellite, the 21' open catamaran built in Kevlar, sailed day and night in various conditions. Days with awesome blue skies, very dark nights, winds from 4 to 30 knots, outside temperatures from 12°C to 4°C. Not to mention the water temperatures dropping to 0 or 2°C after they crossed the Antarctic Convergence, an area where the colder, Southern Ocean that surrounds the Antarctic continent meets the warmer waters of the Pacific, Indian, and Atlantic Oceans.
Satellite and Kotic II, the 62' support vessel, are heading now to Deception Island, an active volcano in the northern peninsula of Antarctica, part of the South Shetland chain, on Bransfield Strait, at latitude 63 S. A geothermal spring within the crater permits the novelty of bathing in a generally freezing sea.
From Deception Island, Beto and Duncan will then follow the 300 miles coast from the Peninsula to the Antarctic Polar Circle.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 41.068645
Retrieved Text: The Permian is a geologic period and system which extends from 298.9 ± 0.2 to 252.2 ± 0.5 (Million years ago). It is the last period of the Paleozoic Era, following the Carboniferous Period and preceding the Triassic Period of the Mesozoic Era. The concept of the Permian was introduced in 1841 by geologist Sir Roderick Murchison, who named it after the ancient kingdom of Permia.
The Permian witnessed the diversification of the early amniotes into the ancestral groups of the mammals, turtles, lepidosaurs and archosaurs. The world at the time was dominated by a single supercontinent known as Pangaea, surrounded by a global ocean called Panthalassa. The extensive rainforests of the Carboniferous had disappeared, leaving behind vast regions of arid desert within the continental interior. Reptiles, who could better cope with these drier conditions, rose to dominance in lieu of their amphibian ancestors. The Permian Period (along with the Paleozoic Era) ended with the largest mass extinction in Earth’s history, in which nearly 90% of marine species and 70% of terrestrial species died out. It would take well into the Triassic for life to recover from this catastrophe.
The term “Permian” was introduced into geology in 1841 by Sir R. I. Murchison, president of the Geological Society of London, who identified typical strata in extensive Russian explorations undertaken with Edouard de Verneuil. Murchison asserted in 1841 that he named his “Permian system” after the ancient kingdom of Permia, and not after the then small town of Perm, as usually assumed. The region now lies in the Perm

########
Rank: 26
Score: 40.88055
Retrieved Text: Charles R. Bentley, an intrepid University of Wisconsin–Madison glaciologist and geophysicist who was among the first scientists to measure the West Antarctic Ice Sheet in the late 1950s, died Aug. 19 in Oakland, California. He was 87.
Bentley spent the bulk of his career studying the Antarctic Ice Sheet and the continent beneath it.
Glaciologist Charles Bentley was one of the first scientists to measure the West Antarctic Ice Sheet.
Beginning in 1957, Bentley spent 25 consecutive months on the ice in Antarctica, at a time when scientists from around the world were converging on the continent as part of the International Geophysical Year. During that time, he served as the seismologist on a five-person expedition that motored in tracked vehicles called Tucker Sno-Cats from Little America (a U.S. base near the edge of the Ross Ice Shelf) to Byrd Station in interior West Antarctica on a nearly 700-mile traverse. After wintering over at Byrd Station, Bentley and his colleagues continued their explorations of the continent for a total of almost 3,000 miles of traversing the then almost completely unexplored Antarctic.
During the expedition, Bentley and his colleagues made the first detailed measurements of the depth of the ice sheet. To measure the underlying snow and ice, the team unspooled hundred of meters of cables attached to geophones set on the ice surface to record explosions set off in the ice. The explosions sent sound waves to the bottom of the ice sheet, which reflected back to the geophones to provide a measure of the depth of the ice. To

########
Rank: 27
Score: 40.622513
Retrieved Text: This isn’t the first time an iceberg has sloughed off Antarctica.
If the two cracks converge, an iceberg 30 times the size of Manhattan (or twice the size of all of New York City) could break off and float out to sea.
The region’s shifting ice has forced the nearby British Halley Research Station to relocate and rebuild several times since 1992, most recently in 2017.
A group of NASA scientists is sweating.
Two enormous cracks in Antarctica’s Brunt Ice Shelf – on the continent’s northern rim, some 3,000 miles from the southernmost tip of South America – are accelerating toward each other.
When they meet, they’ll likely release an iceberg into the ocean that’s roughly 30 times the size of Manhattan.
NASA started tracking one of the cracks in October 2016 and aptly named it “Halloween crack.” That chasm is growing eastward from an area called McDonald Ice Rumples – a spot on the ice shelf’s surface where the ice isn’t flat and instead features crevasses and rifts.
But a second crack, which doesn’t have its own cool name (it was dubbed “Chasm 1” by the British Antarctic Survey), is more concerning. That crack is southeast of the McDonald Ice Rumples, and it recently started accelerating north, putting it on a collision course with the Halloween crack.
Chasm 1 had been stable for 35 years but started showing signs of movement in 2012. Now it’s expanding at a rate of 4 kilometers per year, according to NASA.
Two massive cracks are converging toward the McDonald Ice Rumples.
The two cracks are only kilometers apart.
When they

########
Rank: 28
Score: 40.46087
Retrieved Text: (Newser) – The remains of an ancient continent ripped apart by plate tectonics tens of millions of years ago may lie under the Indian Ocean, researchers say. Scientists who analyzed beach sand on the island of Mauritius found tiny crystals of zirconium silicate that were hundreds of millions of years older than any rocks on the island, Nature reports. They believe the zircons hint at the existence of a landmass they have called Mauritia, which was sunk around the same time the landmass that became India started to move north from Madagascar. Plate movement reconstruction and gravity mapping backs up their theory.
In order for something to be LOST someone ( A human being) needs to claim that it was once in their possession. Have they found human remains ? This event occured way before humans roamed the planet. It is a land mass that was swallowed up by the ocean millions of years ago just like so many other land masses that existed before humans. An interesting find but not a lost continent. Atlantis is a lost continent since people once lived on it and it's existence is acknowledged in ancient writings. Calling large land masses millions of years old and now under water lost continents is misleading. It might be acceptable to call it a continent that once existed and is now underwater but even calling it a continent is debatable since it evokes human habitation.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 40.450207
Retrieved Text: ﻿Conservation Minister Nick Smith today inspected the site of a proposed new research station to be named after the late Sir Peter Blake on the east coast of the main Auckland Island in the subantarctic.
Conservation Minister Nick Smith today inspected the site of a proposed new research station to be named after the late Sir Peter Blake on the east coast of the main Auckland Island in the subantarctic.
“There is a strong case for increased climate change research on these remote New Zealand islands. This proposed station would fill a gap in the global network of stations monitoring climate change. This is particularly important as the subantarctic Islands are within the latitudes where the change in climate is expected to be seen most rapidly, and the main Auckland Island has been identified as the best area for studying deep sea currents in the southern ocean,” Dr Smith says.
The Blake Station will consist of a new floating jetty at the head of Smiths Harbour, two accommodation blocks for long-term stays, one block for short-term stays of up to 14 people, a block for two wet labs and a boat shed. It is expected to cost $3 million.
“This proposed research station fits within the Government’s Deep South Science Challenge which aims to increase the understanding of the role of Antarctica and the southern ocean in determining our climate and our future environment. The consortium proposing the new station includes NIWA, the New Zealand Antarctic Research Institute, and the Universities of Otago and Victoria,” Dr Smith says.
“It is entirely

================



======= Instance Index 3330 =========
Input Text: While she did cry at her mother's death bed, what did her mother reassure her to do to fight her issues?
Choose the most suitable option to answer the above question.
Options:
- smile
- be happy
- laughing
- falling down
- talk

Target Text: be happy

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 59.08911
Retrieved Text: Detatching from non-helpful siblings while caregiving for Mom? Fighting with my feelings but need to respect Mom's issues as well.
Ok so my Sister knows all of Mother's information as far as Insurances hers & all 4 of her kids; Burial Plot information hers & all 4 of her kids; Access to Savings & Checking Accounts, Mom's; Credit Cards, Mom's; etc . and has since around 2010.
My sister came to live with me to address her lack in going to doctors and being removed from Mother's residence so that my Brother and Nephew could renovate Mother's house. During her 6 month stay along with taking care of Mother as well, she did absolutely nothing except for eat; she didn't shower or show any interest in a thing except for watching TV. So on February 2019 she was notified that she has MS and has had it for a while, but to this date after her return home, waited 3 months to make an appointment to address the MS. May I add that Mom's house is still in disarray and they continue to pay Cable, Lights, and Cell Phone Bills out of Mother's money for her and my nephew who reside in my Mother's home. With all that, my Sister has managed to sell her & Mom's Car & bought a newer one in which Her & Mom are on the Title in which she paid off with Mom's money; and her and my older Brother had prepared a Quit Claim Deed (2015) in which they allowed my

########
Rank: 1
Score: 56.361485
Retrieved Text: Another fabulous Voiceworks class, this with Anna and Elizabeth. As the week progressed and we ate lunch and dinner with the instructors at the tables as well as each other, I felt more and more blessed and impressed. These teachers said, “Come talk to us. We have time. We are here and you can talk to us between classes.” What generosity and blessing.
How never to say the wrong thing….
Well, now, wait. What the hell is your goal? To always comfort people? To always say the right thing? Peaceful and sweet and niceness all the time?
Isn’t a true friend that loves you the friend who says, hey, this guy you are dating sounds just like the last one, didn’t you say you weren’t going to do that again?
Even if it makes you mad. And you forgive them because damn it, they are RIGHT. You might not forgive them right away. It might take a while. You might shun them and then have to do some crawling and apologizing.
Our society is terribly afraid of emotion. Don’t say the wrong thing. Do not make someone angry, afraid, never ever hurt anyone.
Except…. I am a physician. And I’ve had my mother and then my little sister die of cancer.
With my mother, we did what she wanted. She was home for 6 weeks in hospice. My sister and I cried for two minutes after I told her the surgeon said feeding her iv would kill her faster. We took her home on iv fluid and morphine to starve. She was tough

########
Rank: 2
Score: 55.876682
Retrieved Text: There was in simple fact no way for Adhira to blind herself to her daughters ambition, she waited, watching to see if Bes would also follow, or if new self christened Raani’s ambitions would taper off. Raani was not the first after all of their children to feel the inborn desire for more. Ironically that second child, the one that had broken faith, killed his brother for power had hurt her far less than her Mate. Simply because that sweet first child had been raised nearly single handedly by Seth. A privilege none of their children since had enjoyed.
In her temple there were many doors, often doors with in doors, each leading to a different universe, world to be reached at her priests convenience, created by her. Some doors had been locked longer than either of her youngest children had existed.
It was not the Goddess of Motherhood who had summoned her daughter, no Chaos twisted her familiar features into an unfamiliar smirk, no embroidered saree or veil adorned her grace. Ruby stained hands held a curved sword, chased in the same darting sliver that adorned her half-battle armor. Only her familiar habitually bare feet echo’d to the Goddess her daughter had known till this moment.
“You are not the first.” She did not disassemble; “Nor the hundreth child i have borne.” lightning seemed to flicker under her skin, something almost...mad grew behind virulent emerald eyes.
Only Raani had been summoned. Bes was sent away on other duties, if she must do what was needed...Raani would be the only

########
Rank: 3
Score: 55.859726
Retrieved Text: A convicted drunk driver who doesn't believe his drinking contributed to the death of a woman he struck in a marked crosswalk should serve four years in prison, a prosecutor argued Wednesday.
Sivakumar Devarajah, 56, was convicted of impaired driving causing death in April. Since then, he told a psychiatrist in a pre sentence evaluation he didn't think his blood alcohol level, nearly twice the legal limit, led to him striking 77 year old Agnes Morgan in a west end crosswalk.
"It is mind boggling that someone would still think they are impervious to the effects of alcohol," Crown prosecutor Kim Goddard told court at Devarajah's sentencing hearing.
"This accused made the startling choice to pick up his keys and drive. He was a weapon, there's no other way to put it."
In February 2013, Devarajah left a Super Bowl party and hit Morgan with his truck while making a left turn at the intersection of 156th Street and 110th Avenue. He claimed he didn't see her, though other drivers did.
"She had the perfect right to walk," witness Thomas Pollard testified earlier this year. "She did everything right."
Afterward, Pollard smelled alcohol on Devarajah's breath. "It smelled like he had been drinking. He came up and his eyes were all red and he was talking right in my face."
Tearfully, Cijay Morgan told court of her last moments at her mother's hospital bed. "I begged her to open her eyes and talk to me. I begged her not to leave."
Morgan spoke of her mother's endless volunteer work with her church and local

########
Rank: 4
Score: 55.686615
Retrieved Text: HAWLEY -- A woman has been charged in connection with the death of her mother in Wayne County, two months after the body was found.
Moira Richey, 52, is charged with abuse of corpse, forgery, and theft in the death of her mother.
Richey had been staying at the Harvest Inn Bed and Breakfast on the third floor with her mother Patricia. Troopers say she was staying there even after her mother died and her body decomposed.
Richey covered her face on her way into district court in Hawley charged with abuse of a corpse after her elderly mother was discovered dead back in June.
Richey is a former officer with the NYPD now finding herself in trouble for allegedly keeping the death of her mother Patricia a secret.
An autopsy found that Patricia Richey had broken ribs and was so badly decomposed that a pathologist couldn't determine how or when she died but it could have been up to several months before the grisly discovery in June in a third-floor bedroom in the bed and breakfast on North Main Street in Honesdale.
According to court papers, Moira Richey forged her mother's name and took out $1,600 from a bank in Hawley back in May long after her mother's death. That has her facing forgery and theft charges in addition to abuse of a corpse.
Arrest papers indicate Moira Richey covered up her mother's death with air freshener and wouldn't allow the owners of the bed and breakfast into her room, but at one point, Moira asked to stay in another room because

########
Rank: 5
Score: 55.16297
Retrieved Text: We will rebuild, and we will thrive.
This article needs to be expanded to meet Young Justice Wiki's standards.
Lian Nguyen-Harper is the daughter of Red Arrow and Cheshire.
Lian enjoys seeing people fight, a trait that her mother claims runs in the family. She also appears to be quite intelligent for an infant. An example of this was when she pointed to Speedy, and said (in plural form) "Dadas," recognizing both the original and clone Roy Harper as her father.
At only a couple of months old, Lian had auburn hair, gray eyes, and a few teeth. Being only a quarter Vietnamese, she has a more Caucasian appearance, like her father and maternal grandfather, but with epicanthic folds like her mother.
At age 3, Lian resembles her father more, having more angular features from her paternal side, though the shape of her eyes is still like her mother's.
Lian was born in September 2015.
Jade brought Lian to persuade her husband to give up his mad search for Speedy. He was surprised to learn that he had a daughter. Lian slept through the entire conversation.
Cheshire brought Lian along on their search for Speedy, though Roy thought that she was better off in her aunt Artemis's care while they fought. Safely tucked in in her mother's baby sling, she enjoyed seeing her parents fight their way through a Tibetan monastery. When Roy and Jade finally found Speedy, Lian giggled as she saw someone who looked exactly like her father.
When Crusher Crock and Jade Nguyen went to pay their last respects to Artemis at

########
Rank: 6
Score: 54.166107
Retrieved Text: Granny, thank you so much. This is especially meaningful to me now.
Mathguy, I also want to thank you. Your words touched my heart. Thanks to everyone. I guess no one would be here if they had not lost someone dear to them. So all of you understand the grief, sadness and anguish I am going through. Hugs to all of you.
I am so sorry for your pain, and it is true, the outcast family member is sometimes the most normal. I have an older sibling who has never accepted me. She is now using the last months of our mother's life to continue to abuse me, just like we were kids again. I am not allowed to visit my mother either. She has made stuff up and it is so hard to keep on fighting. For me it was best to say goodbye. My Mother knows that I love her. It is evil when family members think that they can do this.
I understand your pain. I can't even imagine how awful being in your position would feel. To not only be banned from seeing your own mother but to be ostracized by your own siblings....awful.
I think I would try to send my mom a present or a letter and see if that sparks a request to see me. If so, maybe the nursing home could arrange a private visit between you and your mom. Other than that, I might try mending some fences with my family members, including Bob, if at all possible.
The last thing that

########
Rank: 7
Score: 53.29729
Retrieved Text: Naomi hesitantly followed her mother into the dark cavern, situated near the top of the mountain range. Her legs hurt from the long hike up. Her shoulders ached from first having her arm nearly tugged out of its socket while her mother moved at a pace she should have known her daughter couldn't possibly keep up with, and from clinging to her mother after she was finally picked up.
Naomi looked around the dark shelter warily. It looked scary. She couldn't even see into the very back corners. Her mother had scanned it before entering, and said there was nothing alive inside. Naomi wasn't so sure. There might be some creepy aliens that couldn't be detected by the tricorder.
Her mother had dropped camp pack just inside the door. Now, she was rifling through it, intently hunting for something. She found it, whipping an object out so fast Naomi couldn't see what it was in the dim light.
"Mom, where are you going?" Naomi called after her mother, who had just darted out of the rocky entrance.
Naomi stood in the dark cave for a moment, before deciding that she was not staying in there alone. She ran to the opening, one foot barely crossing the entrance before her mother's voice halted her.
"I *said* stay there, Naomi. I mean it."
There was a quality to her mother's voice that made Naomi stop and backtrack slowly. She kept her feet inside the cave, creeping to the side of the entrance to see what her mother was doing. Her mother had climbed a

########
Rank: 8
Score: 53.12147
Retrieved Text: The mother of two is looking forward to the rest of her life following the transplant.
A YOUNG MOTHER has spoken of the life-changing liver transplant she received as she urged the Government to bring in an opt-out organ donor system.
Lynda O’Mahony from Cork described how she was living in agony with the liver condition known as primary biliary cirrhosis or PBC. The itching sensation was so intense that she used a cheese grater in a bid to get some relief from her debilitating pain.
O’Mahony experienced liver failure three times and was preparing her family for her death. While she couldn’t tell her children there was a possibility their mother would not be there when Santa arrives, she described how her body was slowly shutting down and how she was ready for death.
But on December 9, the phone in her sitting room rang and it was a call that would change her life forever. Doctors had found a donor.
Talking to Neil Prendeville on Cork’s Red FM, she said: “I got the call that saved my life. I had given up hope. I had gone home to die. I knew I wasn’t going to make Christmas. I was in a bed all the time. It was half five in the evening, I was sitting down. The house phone rang. I couldn’t believe it.
At 6am, I was brought into theatre. I didn’t care if I came back out through those doors. I could sleep and feel nothing. Whether I woke up or not, I didn’t mind. That’s how horrific

########
Rank: 9
Score: 53.092216
Retrieved Text: Author of "The Debtor" "The Portion of Labor" "Jerome" "A New England Nun" Etc. etc.
Copyright, 1906, by Harper & Brothers. All rights reserved. Published January, 1907.
Maria Edgham, who was a very young girl, sat in the church vestry beside a window during the weekly prayer-meeting.
As was the custom, a young man had charge of the meeting, and he stood, with a sort of embarrassed dignity, on the little platform behind the desk. He was reading a selection from the Bible. Maria heard him drone out in a scarcely audible voice: "Whom the Lord loveth, He chasteneth," and then she heard, in a quick response, a soft sob from the seat behind her. She knew who sobbed: Mrs. Jasper Cone, who had lost her baby the week before. The odor of crape came in Maria's face, making a species of discordance with the fragrance of the summer night, which came in at the open window. Maria felt irritated by it, and she wondered why Mrs. Cone felt so badly about the loss of her baby. It had always seemed to Maria a most unattractive child, large-headed, flabby, and mottled, with ever an open mouth of resistance, and a loud wail of opposition to existence in general. Maria felt sure that she could never have loved such a baby. Even the unfrequent smiles of that baby had not been winning; they had seemed reminiscent of the commonest and coarsest things of life, rather than of heavenly innocence. Maria gazed at the young man on the platform, who presently

########
Rank: 10
Score: 53.083977
Retrieved Text: Mrs. Josephine DaMommio, 94, of Richardson, Texas passed away February 11th, 2011 surrounded by her loving family. She was preceded in death by her husband Sammy DaMommio and survived by her brother Louis Tinnerello and her six children, Sam, Diana, Mike, Neal, Victor and John. A rosary will be held at the Funeral Home Chapel of Cavalry Hill Funeral Home located at 3235 Lombardy Lane on Monday, February 14th at 7:00 p.m. with viewing allowed between 6:00 and 9:00 p.m. The funeral service is in the North Chapel of Cavalry Hill and is the following day Tuesday, February 15th at 10:30 a.m.
Josephine Tinnerello was born July 27, 1916 in Dallas, Texas. Her mother's name was Mary Foster Tinnerello (Originally Fostere) and her father's name was Luke Tinnerello. She had eight brothers and sisters.
Josephine excelled in school and was offered a scholarship at Ursuline Academy but her father did not allow her to continue her education. As a young woman she was very active socially and was constantly involved with both family and friends. She was lively, friendly and loved. Her mother called Josephine her angel because of her willingness to put others before herself.
She married Sammy DaMommio on September 12th, 1942 and had a miscarriage, a child that was stillborn, a boy, a girl and then four more boys. The story she told of the miscarriage is she was feeling so good during her pregnancy she jumped down the last few stairs at her mother's house landing with a thump. Her mother immediately asked about the

########
Rank: 11
Score: 53.035954
Retrieved Text: Lady Osborne regarded the woman before her with contempt and anger.
I have told you before, she said haughtily, I did not wish you to speak to the child again. The woman flushed, and spoke hotly.
The woman's face grew white with a great rage. She was silent for a moment; then her expression changed.
Your own child? What do you mean, woman? What do you mean? Lady Osborne seized her arm with a hard grip.
The woman looked out. Chasing the butterflies from rose to rose in the garden went a little boy of seven, his fair hair like a halo in the sun, his face like a flower. The woman looked a moment; her eyes softened, and she was silent.
The other woman shook her roughly.
Answer me! she cried; and begone from this house, or I will have you whipped out.: The woman dragged herself away from the hands that held her; she raised her arm as if to strike, but did not.
The woman grew pale, and drew back. No; he will live with you, and be a gentleman, she said, in a low voice.
Lady Osborne opened the French window and called the child from the garden. He ran towards her, a rose crushed in his hand.
Frederick, she said in a hard voice, you must go at once with this woman. Take her hand, and go away at once.
The child stood in the middle of the room, staring, till slowly he realized what had been said to him. He dropped the crumpled rose-leaves on the floor, and, with a

########
Rank: 12
Score: 52.854267
Retrieved Text: "Ann Kirschner allows her mother's poignant story to emerge from these heartbreaking missives, filling in the gaps with a dignified, quietly eloquent connecting narrative…an incredible journey through hell and back" (Kirkus Reviews, starred review).
Do you think Ann Kirschner effectively strung together her mother's vast collection of letters with the information she gleaned from Sala's diary, survivor interviews, and her own library research to create a cohesive narrative?
Was there any particular correspondence in the text that moved you the most by? What different emotions did you experience as you encountered each new letter? What feelings or conclusions do you think Ann Kirschner hoped you would carry away from this book?
While the Holocaust was a time of unimaginable horror and inhumanity, it was also a time in which incredible generosity, selflessness, and bravery were demonstrated under the most difficult of circumstances. Sala relied on a network of supporters, such as Ala, the group of protecting male prisoners at Geppersdorf that included Chaim Kaufman and Bernhard Holtz, the Pachta family, and of course her family and friends. In what particular way do you think each of these people helped Sala survive her time in the labor camps? Is there one person who you believe played the most significant role in her survival?
Ala, Sala's most dear friend during the war, is unanimously praised throughout various letters in the book for her inspiring spirit and her unwavering, pragmatic resolve. Kirschner wonders what motivated her to join the resistance movement at Auschwitz [p. 243]. What is your take on Ala's decision to

########
Rank: 13
Score: 52.82515
Retrieved Text: In the last few days, Monster Phi has emerged. We had about a week of her being good and I don't know what happened, but she turned on us. And the behavior has progressed. Last night she would not eat dinner. This is not new. We told her she had to eat or go to bed. After letting her play around with her fork I took her to bed. She was pissed and cried and threw things at her door. After she calmed down PR dad went in and asked her if she wanted to finish her dinner. She did, so she came back out and sat in her chair. I was still sitting at the table finishing my delicious rice and beef bowl. She started playing with her fork again and I told her she had to eat or go back to bed. And then she did it, she talked back to me, she sassed me, she totally threw attitude to me. She said "You be quiet". There was no warning, I looked her in her face and said, "you don't talk to your Mom like that". I picked her up and sat her in a chair in the hallway. She sat there for about 5 minutes while I finished dinner and cleaned the kitchen up. After her "time-out" I sent her to bed. She didn't even cry, I think she knew that she messed up pretty bad. Last night I caught a glimpse of what my daughter will be like as a teen. But

########
Rank: 14
Score: 52.715313
Retrieved Text: My mum and dad are divorced. And I blamed my dad for it. In the past, the good cop was played by my mum and the bad cop by my dad. However, after his departure, only the bad cop role remained, and that was played by my mum.
Burdened with the responsibility to take care of the family single handedly, she became less patient and irritable. Every time she started to rant at me, I just wanted to shut her out of my world. I could take it no longer and confronted her finally one day, "Do you really hate me that much mummy? If so, why did you give birth to me in the first place?"
I remember her facial expressions so clearly, it was as though it just happened an hour ago but this incident happened about 14 years ago. My mum did not respond at all, but the painful look in her eyes haunted me. I was so full of anger that I became oblivious to her feelings at that point of time.
I stomped out of the house and accidentally bumped into a stranger. I immediately said, "I'm sorry. Are you ok? I did not watch my way and ran into you." We were both very polite, this stranger and I. And we went on our way bidding each other good bye.
I sat down alone and cried angry tears. The same stranger walked up to me, and said,"Imagine what your home would be like if you treated your family members whom you love as politely

########
Rank: 15
Score: 52.437557
Retrieved Text: My sister broke none of our mother's rules when she wandered onto the shop porch and knocked over a piece of machinery our father had left standing on end. A rectangle of tubular steel fell on her, pinning her head against the cement with enough force to blow a hole in her temple. The basket she'd been carrying flew off, the rocks she'd collected scattered. She couldn't move. Blood seeped through the curls of her hair.
There's no knowing for certain what made our mother come outside—the reasons shift between retellings of this story—to find her four-year-old daughter being crushed. She lifted the metal off my sister's head and carried her into the house and called our Grandma Walker, who found our father at work in our vineyards, who drove my sister to the emergency room in Fresno, twenty miles away.
Mom stayed with my sister through the trauma rooms. Dad drove back to Caruthers to fetch me from school, then brought me to Valley Children's Hospital. We arrived as my sister was entering surgery. I saw her on my mother's lap, limp with anesthesia, baby teeth lining the gape of her mouth. The bandage covering her wound let go—I saw a crater in her head, red volcanic walls funneling toward a black depth inside her skull. My mother sucked her teeth as she replaced the bandage, massaging the tape into my sister's forehead with her fingers.
My sister remained in hospital after surgery. Mom stayed with her, sleeping nights in the recliner by the third story window, driven

########
Rank: 16
Score: 52.4058
Retrieved Text: I first met Mary Hill in 2009 at a writing workshop called, "Writing Your Life". It was August 9th, Mary's birthday, and she treated herself to learn something new. Mary was late to the workshop, so she didn't end up in my sketch that day. After the workshop, we talked in the hallway for some time. She had studied healing and psychology in California. She returned to Orlando to take care of her mother who was bed ridden with fibrosis and other aliments. Mary ultimately gave up five years of her life to take care of her mother. I visited the Hill house and sketched Margaret Hill. At the time my own step-mom had cancer and she had to be put in a retirement home. I respected Mary for the care she gave to her mom. I returned to the Hill residence multiple times, feeling privileged to get to know both Mary and her mom.
On one visit, Margaret's breathing grew shallow and panicked. She was moved to her bed where Mary placed her hand above her mother's chest and prayed. She would take the negative energy and then exhale it into the corner of the room. Within minutes Margaret was fine and she fell fast asleep. This was a spiritual form of heeling I had never seen before. If I hadn't seen it first hand, I wouldn't have believed it. Mary felt something flow through her when she did this and she knew it was god's healing touch that she helped manifest. Mary probably had the

########
Rank: 17
Score: 52.381638
Retrieved Text: Today is Mother's Day. All across this country, and I imagine for several of you here this morning, mom's received calls from their children telling them how much that they love them. Many mothers got breakfast in bed. Others received handmade cards from their children still living at home and for many they will be treated by their husbands to a relaxing day. Dad's will be taking the wives out to dinner or making dinner themselves. They might even get the kids out of the house so that mom can have that nice aroma therapy bath she has been dreaming about over the last couple of months, but never had the time for because the children demand so much of her time. And still others will be visiting gravesides today. They will be thinking about how much they love their moms even though their moms are no longer around. Often times thinking about what they would do if mom was still here, or what they would say if mom were still around.
I love Mother's Day. As I kid, I loved being able to do something special for my mom. As I married man, I love watching my children shower their mom with special trinkets that show their love for her. I love “pampering” my wife on Mother's Day, showing her all how much I appreciate all that she has done for our family. However, we need to remember that showing her how much we appreciate her needs to be done more regularly than once a year.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 52.378403
Retrieved Text: Without turning back, Zhangsun Wuji walked back towards his seat. Bagu stood rooted to the ground when he heard someone whisper, "Ascetic practitioners of Qiongcang are not allowed to involve themselves with worldly affairs. Not only did he break the rules of the True Martial Arts Meet, but also violated the laws of Qiongcang. Is he not afraid that his majesty would inform Qiongcang of his sins and ask for an oracle?"
Bagu trembled. 'This Crown Prince from another country is really as scary as rumors had it.' He was very cautious in hiding his identity till the last round, only using a little bit of the Qiongcang technique in the fight for the championship. He even concealed his techniques by passing it off as Fufeng's witchcraft. Even then, the Crown Prince still managed to spot it.
He subconsciously looked towards Pei Yuan but quickly withdrew his gaze for fear of Zhangsun Wuji finding out. He was determined to deny to the end yet feared Zhangsun Wuji's words. He stood there hesitantly, uncertain of what to do.
Grimly, Zhan Nancheng looked at Bagu and asked Zhangsun Wuji, "Crown Prince, what are your thoughts on how to deal with him?"
"I have done my part," replied Zhangsun Wuji, "Strictly speaking, what Bagu used just now was no longer martial arts but a forbidden art, going against the rules of the competition."
"Very well," Zhan Nancheng nodded his head, "Bagu's rights to compete will be re--"
His long lashes covered his gaze as he asked calmly, "Is there anything you would like to say,

########
Rank: 19
Score: 52.221485
Retrieved Text: BOSTON (AP) — A Massachusetts mother's blunt yet heartfelt tribute after her daughter died from a heroin overdose is spreading around the world via social media and earning praise for its brutal honesty.
Kathleen Errico found her daughter, 23-year-old Kelsey Endicott, dead in her bed on April 2. She had been clean for 10 months.
Instead of dealing in euphemisms in the death notice, the Haverhill woman came right out and said her daughter "passed away from an accidental overdose."
"The disease of addiction is merciless," Errico wrote in the death notice . "It is up to us to open our minds and hearts to those who are still sick and suffering. Kelsey does not want us to cry for her. She wants us to fight for her ... She wants us to use our voices to speak up about what is happening to her generation."
The death notice and eulogy have been shared and forwarded thousands of times.
"I can't keep up with the Facebook messages I'm receiving, or the voicemail messages on the phone," Errico told The Boston Globe for a story Friday .
She wrote the death notice hoping to reach others struggling with addiction, and to let them know she understands the pain, she said.
Errico sent an important message, said Kathy Day, a regional manager for Learn to Cope, the Massachusetts-based organization that provides support to families affected by addiction.
"By writing something like that, she's opening the doors for others to get support and help," Day said. "It's absolutely an effort to help remove some of the stigma"

########
Rank: 20
Score: 51.968018
Retrieved Text: May her memory be a blessing. May you carry her in your heart and your love of your own children and all of us that you have touched for the rest of this incarnation, ken Yehi ratzon.
Oh, Mark, I was worried about the same for my mother.
She had BEEN in pain, and I finally got her to hospice to control it. Once she was settled, a nurse called to me and said, "Quick! She wants to tell you something!" I ran to the bed and kneeled on the floor, near her head. She looked straight into my eyes and gave me the most amazing luminous smile---and stopped breathing.
Wow, Eve, I had similar things happen with both my mom and dad. My sister Ellen called me from the nursing home the night before mom died, and mom was nearly gone. Ellen put the phone up to mom's ear and I sang to her I'd Do Anything (form Oliver), a song we had sung together many times. I ould literally feel her rising from the depths trying to repond, which she did with an audible sound. My sister confirmed all this. Mom let go the next night.
My dad was in terrible shape in the hospital in 1990 when I went to go see him. His eyes were rolled up in his head, and was breathing heavily. I sang to him L'dor va'dor, which we had sung together many , many times. Not only did he start to sing, but he was reachinbg for the harmony! I left the

########
Rank: 21
Score: 51.946682
Retrieved Text: The Last Day of Sister Palmo.
Though published two years ago, we only recently received a small leaflet called: 'The Last Days of Sister Palmo' by Anila Pema Zangmo; and this excerpt has been published as an offering by one of her South African devotees.
"The day Holy Mother died was an interesting one. We were staying at the Oberoi Hotel in Delhi when quite spontaneously many people came to see Holy Mother, many relatives, her secretary, and others. She insisted that I get in touch with Bender, her son because she insisted that no other time would do. Much food and tea arrived although we didn't order it. It just arrived and we had a house full of company.
At 6.00 p.m. we took a walk. Afterwards Mommy did much letter writing. At 8.00 p.m. Holy Mother did her meditation. At I0.00 p.m. while I was resting Holy Mother called me and I pretended to snore. Then I told her I was only joking. I said, "Okay what would you like me to do." after closing the curtains Holy Mother gave me many detailed orders about gifts and money to give to special people. Mommy brought out some nice yellow fabric which she put against me. She told me to make a blouse with it and to practice dharma faithfully.
Holy Mother put out her finest and special dharma robes. I said, "Why Mommy?' Holy Mother said, "I will need them tomorrow." She gave me Cho Rinpoche's large picture to deliver to Tilokpur. Holy Mother played a tape of

########
Rank: 22
Score: 51.900185
Retrieved Text: In our house a hallway ran the length of the second floor, ending at my mother's bedroom. Standing outside my room, I could look down the hall and see whether her door was open, meaning that she was awake and receiving visitors, and whether one of my five siblings was sitting in the chair facing her bed. I would then either decide to join their conversation or wait to speak with my mother alone. These audiences took place several times a day, but the most popular gathering time was five p.m., when a maid would bring in tea on a tray and whoever was home would assemble on the room's sofa and chairs while my mother held court from her bed.
I refer to that room as my mother's even though both my parents slept there: it contained her dresser, vanity, closet, and bathroom, whereas my father's bathroom and dressing room occupied an adjoining suite. My siblings and I would visit them together on Sundays when they were propped up in bed reading The New York Times, but we never stayed as long or spoke as freely as when talking to our mother alone. My father recognized that she was the real reason for our presence and sometimes acted jealous of our rapport. Returning from work to find us strewn around the room and even usurping his place in the bed, he would shake his head and disappear into his dressing room.
W hen she was fifty and I was five, my mother suffered a stroke that left

########
Rank: 23
Score: 51.822727
Retrieved Text: Today in Tujhse Hai Raabta, we see how there’s a rift between the Deshmukhs and Malhar where both ends did not want to meet. Later, Malhar blames Kalyani for hiding the truth.
In today’s episode, everyone breaks down at Azoba’s demise. Aao Saheb sends everyone from her house and tells everyone not to cry for Azoba’s death. Kalyani tried to make Aao Saheb cry to take her out of her stance. She tells Aao Saheb to accept the death of Azoba while Aao Saheb tells her that she was keeping the flame of revenge alive. Aao Saheb swears to take revenge for Rao’s death from Malhar and calls him out. Aao Saheb tells Malhar that she will not let him go as he was the reason for her husband’s death. Seeing Aao Saheb avenge to kill Malhar, Kalyani reasons out that Azoba had committed a suicide and that Malhar was innocent. While Malhar kept quiet, Aao Saheb blamed Malhar for making Rao helpless.
While Malhar wanted to take revenge from Aao Saheb, she in turn wanted to take revenge from Malhar. Anupriya tried to explain them but Aao Saheb tells Kalyani to choose between them and Malhar. Sampada backs Aao Saheb while Anupriya tells Aao Saheb not to put Kalyani under a test. Kalyani tells Aao Saheb that before being a wife and a daughter she was a mother and she couldn’t leave her son who needed her. Malhar tells Aao Saheb that he wouldn’t forgive the Deshmukhs for killing his mother and that they shall never been

########
Rank: 24
Score: 51.59379
Retrieved Text: A 25-year-old mother in Arkansas streamed her own death on Facebook live.
According to KARK and CNN , the video began with Keiana Herndon singing and showing viewers the youngest of her two kids. She then fell, and the phone dropped out of her hand. Her son started screaming as she struggled to breathe.
Then the number of viewers grew.
"It's amazing for someone to sit there and see somebody or hear them take their last breath, and nobody did anything,” said Herndon's father.
A friend arrived at the house 30 minutes after Herndon fell, but it was too late.
Officials are investigating the young mother's death. So far, they do not think foul play was involved.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 51.542034
Retrieved Text: While Larry is the king of interviews, his mother Jennie Zeiger, was the queen of guilt trips. "She was a great guilt giver in the greatest of Jewish traditions – there's no greater guilt giver than the Jewish or Italian mother and they're experts at it," says Larry.
If ever there was the epitome of a Jewish mother, it was Jennie, a Russian immigrant who struggled to make ends meet after her husband Edward's sudden death when she was only 43. It was hard on Larry and brother Marty – but it made them tough and resilient at an early age. What the family didn't have in money, they made up for in love.
Being on relief for two years impacted Larry for the rest of his life. "NYC bought my first pair of glasses – I never got over the inspector coming over to the house to see what kind of meat she was buying," says Larry." He had a terrible time accepting his father's death. "I was angry at my father for leaving," he says. Larry acted out and did poorly in school. While Larry floundered, and lost interest in school, his younger brother Marty, excelled, earning a scholarship and becoming a successful attorney.
Larry and Marty were the center of Jennie's universe and she devoted the rest of her life to them after her husband's death. Jennie never remarried; she was totally involved with her children. "We were her life," says Larry."
She shamelessly pampered and spoiled them rotten. Although they had street smarts, Marty admits they

########
Rank: 26
Score: 51.535374
Retrieved Text: Are 'Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt' and 'The Americans' secretly connected?
@JaredCurrier the Gregory Brothers have no comment at this particular time on these similarities and their impact on our national security.
One intrepid fan noticed that a vintage stock footage shot of a young girl doing the hula hoop in Kimmy is also part of the opening credits for The Americans, you know the show about Soviet spies posing as an ordinary American family in the 80s.
This is totally plausible. We've never met Kimmy's birth parents, only her step-dad and her half-sister. We learn that her mother left her step-dad (probably for good reason since he's kind of the worst) and that when Kimmy ran away (and got kidnapped) they were having a fight about her mother's short skirt. So obviously, Kimmy's dad was off doing some Russian spy things and her mom was holding down the "single mother" cover while she did her spy things (hence the short skirt, she was probably seducing an American politician).
He already has the whole wig/fake glasses/fake beard thing down, which we know are key tools in a Russian spy's arsenal.
This whole "bunker" thing is an elaborate cover and she did it all to infiltrate the home of a Wall Street executive. Like Xanthippe said, the Voorhees family knows nothing about Kimmy, really (Jacqueline thought her last name was "Smith" for awhile), and they let her into their home. Also, this explains her unerring optimism. It's all an act.
And just because it's amazing, let's what Kimmy's opening sequence again.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 51.485844
Retrieved Text: When Ellen Agger’s mother was diagnosed with dementia in 1996, both of their lives were suddenly changed overnight.
Thrust into the caregiver role for her mother, Ellen spent the next year and a half swept up in the overwhelming ebbs and flows that come with caring for a parent. Time and time again she was called upon to make decisions on behalf of her mother — and time and time again she was expected to know the answers.
Unlike so many others, however, Ellen and her mother had spoken about their wishes for end of life. More than 10 years before her mother’s diagnosis, they worked on their living wills together and had conversations about their desires and wishes for end of life. These conversations, Ellen says, ultimately gave her direction as she made decisions on her mother's behalf.
The following excerpts were taken from a radio piece Ellen created for CBC Upfront called “Dementia Diary.” In her own raw and honest words, Agger remembers the final months of her mother’s life: the stress and emotional turmoil, the pain and relief of letting go, and being at peace with the decisions made.
In 1996, my mother, Molly Blake, was diagnosed with a form of dementia similar to Alzheimer’s disease.
Her life changed overnight. So did mine.
From that first night, I began keeping notes in what I would later call the Mom Journal, recording the daily fare of our new life together as the dementia stole her body and mind in ways neither of us could have imagined.
Mom died less than a

########
Rank: 28
Score: 51.46037
Retrieved Text: Yoga-savvy PR firm on board to promote the book.Author appearances at conventional and unconventional venues like yoga studios.Brown-Worsham is well-connected with significant media—she has contacts at The New York Times, Cosmopolitan, Redbook, and Café Mom.Reviews, galleys, and media outreach to mom bloggers and yoga publications and the yoga community.Promotion through yoga festivals and centers: Wanderlust, Bhakti Fest, Kripalu Center, Omega Institute.
This is a beautiful book. I couldn't put it down. It tells the journey of the author as she tries to run from the practices of her mother. After her mother's death and a knee injury she incurs while running, literally, she finds herself doing the yoga practices she's tried hard not to do.
I loved this story. I found it hard to put down. This story was so relatable to me. I will recommend this book to everyone I know.
NAMASTE THE HARD WAY recounts Sasha Brown-Worsham’s story of rediscovering through yoga the mother she lost to cancer when she was 16. Sasha’s yoga-and macrobiotics-loving mom was always the odd one out in conservative Southwest Ohio where the family lived, and Sasha found herself wanting to run ... literally ... as far away as she could from her ashram-minded parent. But it wasn’t until she had a running injury that she turned to yoga and there on the mat, found she had more in common with her mother than she ever thought. In sometimes heartbreaking, sometimes hilarious but always eloquent language, she describes her deep healing from grief and the soul-fulfilling connection with her mother across time.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 51.36054
Retrieved Text: Joseph II, Emperor of Austria, was a generous, warm-hearted man, who took great delight in doing acts of kindness. One time, as he was passing through the streets of Vienna, dressed as a private gentleman, his attention was attracted to a boy about twelve years old, who timidly drew near, and seemed anxious to speak to him.
"O sir, you are very good to speak to me so kindly. I believe you will not refuse to do something for me."
"I should be sorry to refuse you," replied the gentleman; "but why are you begging? You appear to be something better than a beggar."
"I am not a beggar, sir," replied the boy, as a tear trickled down his cheek. "My father was a brave officer in the army. Owing to illness he was obliged to leave the service, and was granted a pension by the emperor. With this pension he supported our family; but a few months ago he died, and we are left very poor indeed."
"Poor child! "said the gentleman. "Is your mother living?"
"Yes, sir, she is; and I have two brothers who are at home with her now. She bas been unable to leave her bed for weeks; and one of us must watch beside her, while the others go out to beg." Saying this, the poor boy tried very hard to keep the great tears from falling, but they would come in spite of all he could do to stop them.
"Well, well, my boy," said the gentleman, "do not feel so unhappy; I shall see

================



======= Instance Index 1749 =========
Input Text: She knew what presents she was getting, none of them were what she wanted and so she felt what?
Choose the most suitable option to answer the above question.
Options:
- excited
- ownership
- satisfaction
- being happy
- disappointment

Target Text: disappointment

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 58.48394
Retrieved Text: She was understandably angry. Everyone she knew had some sort of comment to make and she was fed up of hearing them. She knew, too, where this anger came from – the fact that people judged her when they did not know. She walked through the hallways, well aware that she was under the mock-watchful, sneering gaze of the others, all looking at her as though she were a criminal. She wished she could just go up to one of them, shake them by the shoulders and explain why she did what she did. But no, that was her little secret. She didn’t see any point in explaining her choices, for that, in her eyes, would make it seem like she had done it just so she could boast of it.
True, she was not perfect. None of us are. She tried to hide behind the things she said, not wanting anyone to know the way she felt. She was scared of being judged a coward, an emotional wreck. She who viewed the world as one giant melting pot of emotions and who could not understand it differently also could not understand now why she was being ridiculed. She had been told time and again to "grow up" and "become one of them." Needless to say, she saw no point in becoming one of anyone. She just couldn’t understand what meaning lay behind the substance abuse her friends so frequently indulged in.
So she did not partake in it. She went to parties and pretended she was having

########
Rank: 1
Score: 53.61312
Retrieved Text: THAWCK! Vesper hit Uvie with a pillow as hard as she could. Uvie quickly grabbed another to retaliate and defend herself but something caught her eye and she stopped mid-swing.
“Uvie, what is it,” Vesper asked.
“I…I thought I saw someone outside our window.” Upon closer inspection though, no one was there.
Carrie went birthday shopping early this year. She knew how important this “coming-of-age” party would be for the twins and, with the leftover money from renovations, she had enough to get some nice presents.
She started with Vesper because she knew exactly what her daughter would want. Some art supplies and a new camera were at the top of the list.
Verne was a little harder to shop for. He hadn’t shown much of an interest in anything. Rather, he just wanted to be inside and close by his family, celebrating their successes alongside them rather than having his own. She might have to think on his gifts a little longer.
Rump was getting bigger too. Not quite out of the puppy stage yet but he was getting close. Shane hoped that Uvie would finish housebreaking him before he got any older though. Thank goodness we don’t have carpet! The family would sit around and laugh at the dog, who loved to howl along with the radio. Even though he had been against a dog in the first place, Shane had to admit that breaking down and getting him had been good for the whole family.
“Hey Daddy, did you catch anything this morning,” Uvie asked before heading to school that

########
Rank: 2
Score: 52.64833
Retrieved Text: As Nina Spencer stood in her smart business suit and high heels, it seemed incongruous that she’d actually climbed Mount Kilimanjaro. But she did, and she came back changed by the experience.
As she shared her story, with wonderful photos so we could literally get the picture, we were in awe of what she’d accomplished. She explained that she’d also learnt a lot from the experience that tied in so well with our business lives, lessons she felt would transfer over to what we were doing as small business owners.
Now climbing Mount Kilimanjaro, or “Kili” as Nina affectionately called it, was not on her bucket list. Nothing could have been further from her mind. It was more that the opportunity kept appearing in her inbox, to the point that she finally decided to pay attention and learn more about what was involved.
One of the determining factors was that the group of women were using the climb to raise funds to support a leadership program for girls in Nairobi.
Clearly her friends were skeptical about her chances of success, much like the feedback we get when we announce our business plans. Her advice? Believe in yourself. Ignore them. Prove them wrong.
Right from the outset, Nina knew this was going to be an emotional and physical challenge and she trained for months before so she was more prepared for the climb. As she said “I was ready for the worst and hoped for the best.” She also knew she had to treat the venture with respect and be prepared for

########
Rank: 3
Score: 51.46227
Retrieved Text: KUFRE’S APARTMENT, UYO. LATE NIGHT.
“Stefan! My God, what are you doing here so late?” Kufre stepped back from her door to let him in. “I thought I was the one coming to PH on Thursday? And I’ve been calling you the last hour or so. You were going to call me after you were done with your dinner, remember?” She abruptly stopped talking and peered at him closely.
Stefan wondered what she saw—confusion, fatigue… fear?
He certainly felt all three, and worse. He could barely see her himself. He could barely make out her full curvy frame in the cotton purplish pink nightwear with its rows of centre-lined buttons.
“Kufre…” Stefan swallowed. He wasn’t sure what he wanted to say.
Why had he come here? When he’d stalked out of the restaurant, he hadn’t been thinking of— He hadn’t been thinking. Period. He had just gotten in his car and without thought, had started driving. Then he’d ended up in front of the house she lived… at Uyo.
“Stefan, what happened?” Her fingers curled around his and squeezed.
Not thinking, Stefan drew her against him and pressed his arms around her, drawing in her warmth, breathing in her scent and leaning on her strength. He needed her—her strength, her warmth, her scent. Her, just her.
Stefan breathed. He needed, wanted, to hear that. That was why he loved her. Why he had come to her. She was a giving person. She didn’t just take; she gave, and gave more than she took. She considered them a unit and so, whatever it was life

########
Rank: 4
Score: 51.17106
Retrieved Text: She was not sure what had happened to her. She did not want to cry – not this time. She was not sure how long she could hold it. Although she hated herself for these moments, sometimes the urge and the fear were too strong to control. This certainly wasn’t the first of those moments. She felt like shouting, shrieking, crying, making a scene – something – anything to make her feel better – about herself. But she knew there would be none of it – not this time. She had resolved there would be no pleading and cajoling either. This time she had to be strong. Not knowing how long this resolve would last, she stared at the roses.
He wasn’t sure why he was there – like that. Had he done something wrong? Again? He did not dislike answering these oft-repeated questions periodically. But he did not like them either. He was fighting the urge to wisecrack. This was not an appropriate time. Off late, there never seemed to be an appropriate time. He was not angry, he was not displeased, he was not disillusioned – he was just overcome by a bout of indifference. He knew it. It did not bother him. Not knowing what to say, he stared at the roses.
The roses were not sure what was going on. Although this was not the first stand-off, this felt different. She was not bitter, nor ecstatic; he was not jocular, nor chagrined. When she had been to the flower shop this morning, she had

########
Rank: 5
Score: 50.527016
Retrieved Text: My Angels from God: I don't know anymore!
After the brief time that I was able to spend with Ally that first day all I could think was that I was giving away my one chance at being a mother. I didn't sleep at all that night. I tossed and turned and kept thinking that what I was doing was wrong. I knew I needed a support person. At about 5 am I called my boyfriend at the time, Chris. I needed him to be with me. As he layed in my bed with me I told him how I was feeling. I told him that at that moment I HATED Lori and Barton for having everything that I needed in order to keep my baby. I HATED the fact that they were so perfect. I HATED the fact that they wanted my baby. He let me vent. I kept talking about how much I just wanted to keep her. I told him time and time again that we could work it out. Me and him would get married and have a little family and that would be the end of adoption for me. He asked me how Lori and Barton would feel if I decided to parent after the entire time telling then that I was going to place with them?
Honestly at that moment I didn't care about their feelings. All I cared about was the hurt that I was feeling deep inside my soul. The pain that I thought would only get worse if I

########
Rank: 6
Score: 50.363907
Retrieved Text: George was sad to see her like this. He had never liked to see her cry. It hurt him. She wasn’t sobbing. Silent tears fell from her eyes. Beautiful and sad at the same time. But she had always been beautiful. No matter what. “My beautiful June, please don’t cry.” he thought. But there was nothing he could do. She was crying and it was his fault. He never meant to, but in the end she was crying all the same. When he had first met her he had sworn to himself to never make her cry. But how could he have kept her from crying in the end? He had no control over this. If it was in his hand there would be no need for her to cry. I would change places with her to keep her from her broken heart. But would that change anything at all? They’d still be separated. And his heart was just as broken.
And good times they’ve had. Days with laughter and happiness. And most of all love. He had never felt as loved as with June. She was a part of him. The most beautiful part of him. Now that he was without her he felt incomplete. George wondered whether she felt the same. If this was the reason she was crying. It must have been.
He could no longer watch her crying. It was too much. It was too hard. He should be comforting her. He should hold her in his arms. But he couldn’t. He tried to

########
Rank: 7
Score: 50.33202
Retrieved Text: Tabatha discusses what it's like to take over a former student's salon.
I was so surprised when Chris reached out for me to take over her salon Top Cuts. I heard that she had been ill, but I also heard she had made an amazing recovery and I already knew what she was capable of skill wise, so I thought it must have been a joke.
I was gobsmacked when I saw the behavior of her staff and manager and got to know more about her business model -- it was not the Christine I knew. I quickly discovered the staff felt the same way, and they all wanted the "Old Chris" back. I was nervous she was gone forever. The staff’s work was OK, but given the fact that Chris is an educator and I have seen what she was capable of, it solidified for me the fact that she had totally checked out. It was sad to hear Chris say she didn't want to be in her business, and it was frustrating and infuriating when I knew she was sitting at home watching her business and staff on cameras because she preferred that to showing up. It had to stop.
Chris also had to be given a wakeup call that her business model of high volume and low prices wasn't working. Her staff was frustrated, they felt over worked and under-appreciated, and they thought it cheapened them and their skills. I believed it was part of the reason they weren't responsive to education. Flipping burgers may have

########
Rank: 8
Score: 49.851955
Retrieved Text: On the night of Cyber Monday, while my husband was putting my older two kids to bed, I pulled out all the Christmas presents I’d already purchased. I had stashed them away at the top of my closet back in August, when I came across an amazing sale. I put the presents out on display for my husband to see, and then we talked about what gifts we still needed for the kids and made plans to purchase more presents online.
Only it wasn’t Christmas. It was December 3.
I shooed the children out of my room, piled the presents up like a madwoman and threw them back into my closet.
Your cousins. I’m glad I pulled that out of my back pocket! Two of the gifts are for cousins. The rest were hers. Half were birthday presents and half were her Christmas gifts. I’d spent $30 on about $80 worth of gifts and I was pretty proud of it too, until that awful moment.
For the rest of the morning, I felt just a little ill inside at the thought that I had ruined Christmas. Or at least I had ruined the surprise of it all. I was suddenly so glad we’d decided to skip Santa at our house or I would’ve completely ruined Santa for my kids too. Yep, just call me SuperMom, because I’m Super at messing everything up.
Should I forgo all of these gifts and get completely new ones? What a waste of money!
Should I just hope she forgets all about them? That’s the tactic I’ve

########
Rank: 9
Score: 49.70969
Retrieved Text: Once upon a time there was a princess named Celestia who was sixteen years old, and she liked colors. She really wanted more people in her town. It was a very lonely town, and she was wearing a black dress today.
But one day, on her birthday of turning seventeen, she thought, Maybe I should go and get more people in our town. So she told her parents that she was going to get more people in their town. The king and queen also wanted more people in their town, so they told their daughter Celestia that she could go do it. So, she packed her food, and she set off.
So first, she went to Chicago, and she told all the people there. Then, she went to Greece, and she told all the people there. Then, she went to Florida, and she told all the people there. Some said no, and some said yes in all the countries she went to so far. She convinced them to go to their town because she convinced them that it was a nice town, and there were hot tubs and pools all over it. The people that said no weren’t convinced with what she said.
And then, she went to Hawaii. All the people said yes in Hawaii because it was ten minutes before the volcano erupted in Hawaii, so they all said yes, they took all their stuff, and then they went with Princess Celestia. Once she got the Hawaiian people to safety in their town, the Hawaiian people thanked

########
Rank: 10
Score: 49.683735
Retrieved Text: All articles tagged with "Tramples"
Goddess Lilith took her boyfriend to the beach when she knew people would not be there. It was cold and no one was at the beach. She was with her friend and she trampled his face with her bare feet without caring what he felt. He knelt down and tried to beg for mercy but she ignored it and she went on trampling and humiliating him till she got bored and tired of it.
Mistress Natasha did not like the fact that her boyfriend likes checking out other women. She tried to talk to him but he did not seem to grasp what she told him. She decided to speak to him in a language she knew he would understand. She threw him on the ground and she trampled his face and his entire body using her bare feet. She stomped, trampled and jumped on him till he begged her to stop and said he understood what she meant and would not do it again.
Lady Alice and her friend lady Casey wanted their money back. This guy had borrowed money from them and promised to pay it back with interest in a month. But he did not pay it when he was supposed to and the mistresses were pissed off. They trampled him painfully to pass him a message that they were not playing. They trampled him till he agreed to get them the money that day and with higher interest than they had initially agreed.
Madame Marissa and her friend wanted to punish

########
Rank: 11
Score: 49.57764
Retrieved Text: Today I was travelling by a local bus in my hometown. I saw many people getting on, and there was no more place to sit, but there was this one lady who was carrying a baby on her hip. I decided to give up my seat for her, but she was standing far away from where I sat. As soon as I got up, a lady was rushing towards my seat to sit down. I explained to the lady that I was getting up so that the other lady with the kid can sit.. since it’ll be hard to hold the baby and stand steadily in a moving bus.. but before that a little girl sat on my seat. I couldn’t ask her to get up, so I left it at that (kids don’t deserve to get up and give space for others).. but that lady who wanted to sit.. she asked the girl to get up, and sat there and she called someone she knew (probably her husband or her brother who was carrying a kid with him too) and asked him to make the child sit on her lap. People will go to any extent to accomplish what they want, eh? The man was carrying the child for her anyway.. she needed to sit, so she made an excuse.. people are such. But the other poor lady with the child was still standing.. I bet she had no clue there was someone in the bus who had given up a seat for her.
Later I

########
Rank: 12
Score: 49.31476
Retrieved Text: She wandered through the halls of the empty manor, the portraits of the past gazing down at her, following her. They were beautiful and ghastly, the women in the portraits. And she avoided looking at them. At their paleness. It was not the soft paleness of life. It was the unsettling paleness of dying. She had never noticed it before. It was a paleness she shared. She dragged the burden of her longing and anticipation and dread and hope as if they were heavy chains on her back and shoulders. She was close to achieving what she wanted. At last, after an eon and an age. She was almost there. That was the cause of her hope and anticipation. But she was also filled with doubt. What if didn’t work? What if it did work? What if he didn’t believe her? What if he didn’t care? What if she had chosen the wrong one?
Was it really going to be over? At last?
And that was the cause of her dread. Her longing she had carried since she was made. Or since she came into existence. After an eon and an age, she still didn’t know the exact nature of her own origins.
For the first eighteen years of her life, she had thought she was human. She had lived in that empty manor on the cliff, far from the nearest village, thinking that was how all humans lived. She was made to think that, trained to think it. She was taught that she had to earn the right

########
Rank: 13
Score: 49.312103
Retrieved Text: 5 Stars: My daughter, Michelle had a vision of exactly what she wanted for her wedding day. She dreamed of an outside wedding with crystals, hydrangeas and a floral recreation of her beloved sugar plum fairy tutu. She decided upon the Deerpark at Biltmore Estate in Asheville, NC (which is approx a 2 hour drive from our home town). She did research online and found floral images from the Flower Gallery that she loved.
We thought we would need to meet with several florists before she made a decision about the florist she wanted to use. That ended up not being the case. After an initial consultation at the Flower Gallery, Michelle knew that Mary completely understood her vision and what she wanted. The Flower Gallery and Luck gave us multiple options to choose exactly what we wanted with ranges of cost for each element that we requested. The deions and details enabled us to determine the overall cost and options that were specific to our wishes. They were completely open to designing arrangements that were unique to what we requested. In fact, Michelle wanted a specific type of hanging vase that Luck spend several months finding for us.
Throughout the planning process emails were promptly answered and I always felt that no matter what we suggested, the Flower Gallery and Luck were more than willing to make any and all changes we requested. The mix of blue hydrangeas with white lilies and roses were exactly what we hoped for. The blooms were perfect and expertly arranged. The

########
Rank: 14
Score: 49.276237
Retrieved Text: My maternal grandmother forbade the use of that word in her presence. She was known to her children’s children by her given name, Estelle. My siblings and I thought she was the coolest person we’d ever met. Kids are not usually insightful about cool people, but in this case we were spot on.
Estelle Gentry lost her husband when her only daughter was eleven. She raised Jean and her four brothers to be strong and positive but not take the world too seriously. I don’t know nearly enough about her early life but the evidence of her strength and will was permanently etched in her children. The three survivors are over eighty and their eyes still sparkle with a tiny bit of the devil.
She was a gravel voiced, chain smoking dynamo who found humor in every hard lesson life presented. Estelle wore red lipstick, had dark hair, and projected an irreverence that was unusual and threatening in small conservative coal towns like West Blocton, Alabama. I never saw her worried or felt she was afraid of anything.
We visited my grandmother a lot until she moved to Dallas and remarried. The family went out there once but our primary contact with her was Christmas. Estelle would have achieved legendary status for her gift giving alone.
Christmas for the Cox children was a two part thing. Christmas Eve we opened presents and went to bed early so we could wake up even earlier to see what Santa brought. The packages that arrived from Texas a couple of weeks before Christmas

########
Rank: 15
Score: 49.151245
Retrieved Text: I have over 20 years experience within the wedding floristry industry and have created and delivered over 150 weddings. I am passionate about wedding flowers and here at Flowers by Suzanne Randell myself and my team will work closely with you to create the wedding flower theme that fully complements the style and feel of your ceremony and venue. We love to create romantic, classic designs with colour and texture having a huge influence on our work. Prior to your consultation, the best place to start is to take some cuttings from wedding magazines, create a mood board or a Pinterest wedding board specifically for wedding flowers which is easy to set up and a great place to collate your initial ideas. When we meet we will also show you our extensive portfolio to help choose your designs, we will also provide you with a list of available flowers at the time of your wedding. We look forward to meeting you!
Flowers by Suzanne are based in Biggleswade, Bedfordshire.
Suzy is a gem of a find. She was the first florist we spoke with and decided there and then she was the lady. Her lovely friendly nature was so reassuring & she kept intouch throughout. At one point I had a wobble over what flowers I wanted, we visited the wholesalers together to choose. This opportunity meant so much to me, I loved this experience & felt getting it right was important to her. I was so excited to see my flowers on my wedding day and they

########
Rank: 16
Score: 48.96776
Retrieved Text: It was Christmas Day and she was sitting by the tree, going through the presents. There were several–from family, friends, co-workers and…Kevin. Kevin. He was her brother in-law’s youngest brother and eleven years younger than her yet she felt like a lovesick schoolgirl whenever she was around him. Every year they exchanged Christmas presents. His were always so creative and unique. She loved them. Last year he had given her a box of chocolate soaps which she truly enjoyed. She couldn’t wait to see what he got for her this year.
She reached for the neatly wrapped present, read the card which said, “Having you in my life has given me a reason to celebrate every day. Merry Christmas.” What a lovely sentiment. Setting the card aside, she eagerly unwrapped the present, anxious to see what was inside. There was a little box inside and she opened it. Her eyes widened when she saw the sterling silver heart necklace. She examined the heart closely. On it were written the words, “Be Mine”.
Her heart was pounding now. There was no mistaking what this meant. She had seen those words on dozens of Valentine’s cards. It was something a person would say to the one they loved. Was Kevin telling her that he loved her and wanted to be with her? She sincerely hoped so because she felt the same way. Yes, in spite of their age difference, she was in love with Kevin. She held the heart in her hand and stared at it, thinking it was the

########
Rank: 17
Score: 48.9577
Retrieved Text: We often call Gaga Joanne during the Joanne era because it was a big departure for Gaga from her previous eras. She changed to a more organic sound, and the music was much more personal. Also her visuals were more simple and toned down. The point is that Gaga changed enough to the point were she felt like she was a different artist. But what if Gaga had continued to be the Gaga that we always knew? During 5F2 Gaga basically said that she couldn't continue to be the crazy and over the top artist that she had been because she had basically pushed all her limits. Since she debuted, she kept getting more weird, more crazy, and more over the top until ARTPOP. So was Gaga right? Would Gaga have been less successful if she had continued to be the usual crazy pop Gaga?
I think it would have been perceived as a marketing ploy or it might have cheapened the Joanne album if she'd have continued to be "Gaga."
I don't just mean the way she presents herself. But also the album/music. In other words we would have gotten the original LG5 instead of Joanne.
Gags is changing but it doesn't mean her actual imagine is not coherent to her former one.
I don't think it'd match up that well Joanne seemed more stripped back and casual so her going around with weird fashion and crazy outfits and stuff would be like "wat "
It would've put a bad taste in the public's mouth and they would've turned away

########
Rank: 18
Score: 48.74624
Retrieved Text: The sound of her footsteps echoed against the walls as she walked through the gates. It felt like an eternity since she had last set foot in this place, but in reality it had barely been a year.
As she looked around, she noticed that nothing had changed. The temple still looked exactly the same as it had when she had left it. Exactly as it had looked all the years she had lived there.
But still it seemed foreign to her. The hallways she had walked through thousands of times seemed unfamiliar and strange, despite the fact that they were exactly the same hallways as back then.
She pulled her hood closer as she walked through the nearly empty halls. Twilight had already settled and only a few priests passed by her. None of them paid her any attention.
It didn’t take her long to reach her destination. She stopped in front of the heavy oak door and hesitated for only a second before she knocked.
She faintly heard a voice telling her to enter and she slowly opened the door. It creaked loudly as it swung open. The sound seemed like a roar in the empty hallway. She entered silently and pulled the door shut behind her.
“Actually, I didn’t. I hadn’t expected you to return at all, no less at my call.” His lips pulled into a wry smile as he returned her stare.
Selissa suspected that the High Priest of Issara had been an impressive man in his days, but age had not been kind to him. Years of

########
Rank: 19
Score: 48.737206
Retrieved Text: Chris drove all the way back to where he had spotted the helpless lady. He asked her if she needed any help, which Tunde obviously needed. Everything had gone from bad to worse in a few hours. She was already late for work and her car had left her stranded on the road. She felt truly abandoned. But Chris' life motto was simple: “Do unto others as you would have them do unto you” A verse from Matthew 7:12. Chris needed to help this poor woman, but he could've ever imagined that this little act of kindness would end up affecting him years later.
Tunde accepted the ride, of course, and got inside the kind stranger's car. She was completely drenched as she had been walking in the rain for a while. They headed towards the nearest gas station, which wasn't too far away, (about a mile and a half, approximately) Still, this allowed them to get to know each other. In a funny turn of events, they were both members of the Cornerstone Church, and even shared the same faith. They chatted for a bit until Tunde was comfortable enough to open up and tell him about the dark times she had been enduring. But Chris was about to completely change her life, and she had no idea.
Chris couldn't help but empathize with the lovely lady who was down on her luck. Not only did he drive her to the station, but he also wanted to pick up the check for the gas. He felt it

########
Rank: 20
Score: 48.51658
Retrieved Text: In April, my middle daughter had a mini birthday as my oldest and my grandbaby came for a visit. We knew we wanted to have a Hello Kitty themed party so we decided to get a cake and a couple of small presents along with some flowers. Later, we had the big Hello Kitty party for both girls since they wanted the same theme. Danielle was happy because she had her big party. So when it came time for her birthday, I let her have her cake, flowers and a small gift a couple of days ahead of time.
Big mistake! On the day of her actual birthday, she wanted to know where her presents were and so I explained that she already received gifts two other times. Then she went into this long teary eyed discussion asking me if I understood what birthdays were and what was expected at birthdays. There was no reasoning with her especially since she's a hot head!
I confess that I spoil my children. She did get one more cake but no more presents. Luckily, my parents sent her a gift that she was able to open yesterday and that diverted the disaster. She also discovered a loose tooth so that took some of the heat off myself! I have five interviews forthcoming for a job and am not quite sure how well they will do once I return to the work force. I am lucky that wherever I end up, my oldest, her daughter and her fiance will be coming with

########
Rank: 21
Score: 48.514214
Retrieved Text: Doing things people would consider stupid was not a problem for Whitney but even she could not excuse coming to this meeting drunk. Nobody except Nengi knew she was drunk but it was only a matter of time. She had dumped her bum shorts and was wearing an unflattering, oversized black dress and a pair of sneakers. She had caught a few people cast questioning glances at her sneakers but she didn’t care much. She just wanted the thing to be over.
Barrister Iranloye had been her father’s lawyer all her life and even though she never saw him much he’d always made an impression on her. He was a tall man with an afro most young guys would kill for. It was part of his modus operandi – and her father had complained about it – to always be the last person to enter the room. This usually meant his meetings never started on time if the participants weren’t on time.
Whitney knew most of the people in the conference room. Most of them were relatives and she recognized some people from the hospital. Maybe it was the alcohol but it felt like everybody in the room was doing their best not to make eye contact with her. Even those that sat across from her. She couldn’t care less, she probably would never see all of them again. Except maybe at the funeral.
She heard footsteps and voices at the door. Whoever these new people were, she hoped they were the last ones and the meeting could finally

########
Rank: 22
Score: 48.405132
Retrieved Text: Geoff and I reached out to many photographers before we spoke to Caitlin. Once we met with her we knew the decision was easy. Her personality and pictures spoke for themselves. Caitlin was so helpful on our wedding day and she went above and beyond to help make our day special. She came to our house to get pictures of the bridesmaids getting ready. When it was time to pin on the boutonnières none of us knew how to do it so Caitlin offered to do all of them. During our ceremony, Geoff and I never "saw" Caitlin. She was never in a spot that was distracting and she was never blocking anyone's view of what was going on which was so nice. For our bubble exit, Caitlin explained exactly what she wanted us to do before we got outside. She even fixed my veil for me since it was falling out after our receiving line. There was a lot of traffic on our wedding day so everyone was at least 20 minutes late to the reception and the rain clouds were rolling in. From the moment we stepped out of the limo, Caitlin was ready to take pictures. When the rain started, she was quick on her feet and found creative places to take pictures. The great thing about Caitlin is her directions are so clear. I am not very comfortable in front of the camera, but Caitlin made me feel comfortable and that comes across in the pictures. We have had so many people

########
Rank: 23
Score: 48.396065
Retrieved Text: These words lingered in my head, “Do you wonder as you watch my face, if a wiser one should have had my place, but I offer all I am, For the mercy of your plan.” He had chosen me to be the mother of Nathan. I needed to trust Him because He would not leave me to do it alone.
At 42-years-old, I felt like my life was pretty great. We had four kids—two boys and two girls. Our oldest was 17, our youngest was 9. We were in the thick of raising our children and our family felt complete. Well, at least that’s what we thought.
We soon discovered God had a different plan for us.
When I missed my cycle one month, I thought I was heading into the early stages of menopause. I never guessed I could be pregnant. No, I couldn’t be! We were done with the baby stage of life. It had been nine whole years! We had already given away all of the baby stuff.
I am not going to lie, I wasn’t too thrilled about the unexpected news.
Four months into my pregnancy I was still struggling to accept this new change, but it was time to face reality. It was time to tell our children. We had a special meeting to tell them the news. They were ecstatic! They discussed all the things they were going to teach the baby and all the fun things they were going to do together. It brought me so much joy to witness, and helped change my

########
Rank: 24
Score: 48.392853
Retrieved Text: He went to the roof, thinking he needed fresh air. But when he opened the door and the sunlight fell on him he felt his eyes and his skin would catch fire. He slammed the door shut and held down a scream. Whatever. It was cool and dark in the stairwell. It was becoming his hideout.
Were the others looking for him? They had said he wasn’t getting out of the party. But he had. He had to. They were still pretending he wasn’t all that different. But he was. A slight touch on his shoulder had made him want to rip apart a crowd.
Since he last talked to the gamma.
Could it still effect him even if he didn’t possess with it?
Two hours later he returned to his office. Four Possesseds were hanging around, but they were all asleep.
“Mm,” he let out as he went to the desk.
“You should rest,” Harper said.
He was tired. He wanted to fall asleep, even if it would do no good. He wanted to be ignorant of tonight’s plans, just for an hour or two. He went to the couch and fell into it, though he didn’t lay down. He and Harper sat in silence for a full minute, and when Bryan spoke his voice seemed to boom in the silence.
“You shouldn’t come so close to me,” Bryan murmured.
“Maybe he changed his mind,” Bryan went on.
“Yeah.” He looked at his hands again. It was an ugly color, that rusted green. Like corroded metal. He wondered whether he was ugly in Harper’s sight.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 48.38891
Retrieved Text: She knew deep inside of her that it wasn’t what she truly wanted…..
She knew she’d wake up in the morning feeling regret.
But she just wanted love.
And everytime she gave herself away to some new guy…the shame and regret the next morning was almost too much to carry. But her need and desire for real love overpowered her way to quickly.
Even if the love lasted for 20 minutes, an hour, or a day. It seemed enough to satisfy her. But the loneliness always returned.
Oh he was super fine. Everything all in one package. He just swept her off her feet.
She just knew he was the one.
She knew now she would finally put to rest that voice in her head. She knew she would finally be able to tell her dead daddy goodbye.
But as she had heard once before…all good things must come to an end. It did.
Her loneliness choking her half to death.
She ran back to him over and over again.
It was like no matter what he did… she needed him. He was her drug that numbed all her pain. When she was with him… she was on top of the world. But his messing around on her and his cocky attitudes and his arrogance and all his immature ways were just not enough for her to leave. It was almost like an addiction.
To the “love” she felt .
The feeling of being WANTED.
The feeling of being showered with ATTENTION.
Even though it was always, always short-lived.
What if someone had told her she was WORTH so much more.
What if

########
Rank: 26
Score: 48.353264
Retrieved Text: “ Ever since I started Year 3, I've been assigned to many patients but none of them have attended any appointments. Its either they're not interested in getting treatment or they fail to attend appointments. I've always felt frustrated about this because everyone else is moving forward but then there's me. But then, the other day I had a walk in patient who requested for scaling and it's the first time I did scaling on someone else besides my partner. When we were done, she asked me for a mirror and when she saw herself she said "thank you so much ma, I've done scaling before but it was never this clean. I never knew my teeth can look this clean and white." Then before she left, she gave me a warm hug and she wished me good luck.
Amidst all the stress and the hardships we face everyday, each day presents its own set of unique joys and challenges. Let us not forget that the greatest rewards are intangible. The joy of changing a person's life by giving him or her a beautiful smile cannot be measured. The satisfaction of restoring a person's dentition so he or she can enjoy food again is worth more than gold. The opportunity to relieve pain and suffering is a rare privilege.
© 2018 Malaysian Dental Students' Association. All Rights Reserved.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 48.350124
Retrieved Text: EDITOR'S NOTE: The following is an excerpt from The Moment Between by Nicole Baart (Tyndale House).
I didn’t know what to do with her.
She was cold, her skin was so cold, and she seemed dirty to me. I wanted to wash her hair and make her lips look pink again instead of the sickly gray that taunted me for not getting here sooner. For not paying attention. For not being everything she needed me to be.
When I got over the initial shock, when I had cried so hard I had emptied myself of every fighting, aching thing inside, I moved her arm half a degree and sat on the edge of the bathtub so I could be near her. There was nothing to be afraid of. This body beside me was only an empty shell; she was gone, and yet I wanted to be close enough to study every detail. I wanted to imprint her on each scribbled page of my memory so that when they took her away, I could remember how her collarbones rose in mirrored harmony and almost met in the shadow of her long neck.
My skin was tight from crying, and I could taste the salt from my tears when I licked my lips. There was blood, too, and it was insulting somehow that I could feel the metallic tang of life on my tongue when hers was spilled beneath me. Then I felt a jolt of shock at the blood in my mouth. How did it get there? Had I bled with

########
Rank: 28
Score: 48.33999
Retrieved Text: Klaus was in the shower while Caroline was sitting on the edge of the bed, thinking what she had done a few minutes ago. I mean, kissing Klaus? Seriously? She was totally not proud of herself for doing such thing but she couldn’t resist the urge to lick her lips to taste the warmth of his lips left on hers. She hated herself for having kissed him, for having liked the kiss. She kept saying that she loved Tyler but what happened? She obviously was affected and dazzled by Klaus’ charm but this was way too much. She was betraying to Tyler. This was wrong and she was supposed to leave immediately.
“Where do you think you’re going?” he said, with an ice-cold voice which scared Caroline.
“Why are you always like this? Playing with me, with my feelings! I am so sick and tired of it!” he said and wrapped his hand around Caroline’s neck, squeezing it.
Caroline was scared but pissed at the same time, so she kicked his testicles. He groaned in pain and stepped back, when she punched him in his stomach. He stepped back again but then suddenly jumped on her, both of them were on the ground, Klaus on top of her. He stopped as his fist almost hit her cheek. It was Caroline and of course he couldn’t hurt her. Then she noticed his bare chest in front of her eyes, just a towel covering his lower parts. He was out of shower, wet, naked, on top of her… She closed her

########
Rank: 29
Score: 48.336422
Retrieved Text: You were already leaving, Lydia wanted to point out. Why have the family moved when you were about to leave?
Yes, he irritated her—like an itch she needed to scratch.
Her ears felt hot and her jaw clenched as the waiter came and apologised to him for the disruption.
The child had asked for chocolate milk, for goodness’ sake, and the baby had merely cried.
Of course she said nothing. Instead Lydia reached for her pot of tea as Maurice droned on about their plans for tonight—or rather, what he thought Lydia should wear.
‘I think I can manage. I’ve been dressing myself since I was three,’ Lydia calmly informed him, and as she watched the amber fluid pour into her cup she knew—she just knew—that the stranger beside her was listening.
It was her audience that gave her strength.
Oh, she couldn’t see him, but she knew his attention was on her.
There was an awareness between them that she could not define—a conversation taking place such as she had never experienced, for it was one without words.
‘Don’t be facetious, Lydia,’ Maurice snapped.
But with this man beside her Lydia felt just that.
The sun was shining, she was in Rome, and the day stretched before her—she simply did not want to waste a single moment of it with Maurice.
Lydia walked out of the restaurant with her head still high, but though she looked absolutely in control she was in turmoil, for her silent fears were starting to come true.
And it wasn’t just drinks.
She was being offered up, Lydia knew.
A hand on her elbow halted

================



======= Instance Index 4067 =========
Input Text: I want to make something that I put peanut butter and jelly on; what do I cook?
Choose the most suitable option to answer the above question.
Options:
- open can
- brown meat
- add egg
- bake bread
- smoke salmon

Target Text: bake bread

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 57.558426
Retrieved Text: Recently, I was invited to participate in Project PB&J, a recipe round up, with other food bloggers for National Peanut Butter and Jelly Day. Peanut butter and jelly are a staple in our home so I was excited to participate and join the fun.
I immediately thought about what I might create and found myself coming up with all sorts of ideas. I also remembered a less successful PB&J creation I made as a child. Since I was the oldest of six kids in my family, it was often my job to make all of my younger sisters and brother something for lunch – particularly during the summer when we were out of school. The most common lunch: peanut butter sandwiches.
One day, knowing how tired I was of our usual, I decided to get a bit creative. I pulled out the Kraft Parmesan Cheese and gave our sandwiches a sprinkle of cheesy goodness. I served my brother and sisters and waited for the reaction — somehow thinking they would all shower me with affection for trying something new. Unfortunately, my idea didn’t go as planned. They questioned the ingredient, promptly told my mom, and I was sternly warned to never do such a thing again.
While I’m sure none of you would tattle on me to my mom if I shared my peanut butter and jelly and Parmesan cheese sandwiches with you, I thought it was best to go a different route. Today I’m sharing one of Mattie’s favorites: Peanut Butter Quesadillas with Grape Jelly Dipping Sauce. It’s

########
Rank: 1
Score: 56.12799
Retrieved Text: With two kids in school full-time, I make a lot of peanut butter & jelly sandwiches. After all, it’s a quick, easy lunch solution that the kids really love. However, I love getting creative in the kitchen and I decided to put my own spin on the classic PB&J sandwich. Today’s recipe is for a multi-layered Peanut Butter & Jelly Crepe Cake, featuring Smucker’s® Squeeze™ Reduced Sugar Strawberry Fruit Spread and Jif® Creamy Peanut Butter with Omega-3 DHA & EPA.
As a kid, peanut butter and jelly sandwiches were my favorite lunchbox meal for so many years. Let’s face it… the pairing of savory peanut butter with sweet fruit-flavored jelly is a perfect match. My mom told me I was a pretty picky eater as a kid, but PB&J sandwiches were always a hit with me. Now my daughters are both following in my footsteps. While I wouldn’t necessarily say they’re picky eaters, I can say with certainty that they both absolutely adore peanut butter and jelly sandwiches. I guess the apple doesn’t fall far from the tree!
Last week, instead of making another sandwich as usual, I decided to whip up something creative. This crepe cake consists of over a dozen individual crepes, which are stacked high and layered with peanut butter & jelly. This treat is quick and easy to prepare but totally looks festive & fancy. My kind of recipe!
Gather the ingredients for this recipe: eggs, flour, milk, Smucker’s® Squeeze™ Reduced Sugar Strawberry Fruit Spread and Jif® Creamy Peanut Butter with Omega-3 DHA & EPA.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 52.85369
Retrieved Text: Peanut Butter & Jelly Pancakes are a delicious breakfast treat that’ll turn anyone into a kid again! They are the perfect way to start your mornings!
We love love love having pancakes in the morning for breakfast. My oldest even tries to get me to make for lunch (to take to school). Growing up I remember waking up on Saturday mornings to my mom making pancakes and bacon, and I would douse it all in maple syrup. Heaven. Most days I go with our tried and true Perfectly Fluffy Pancakes, but sometimes I change it up and do something fun.
With these Peanut Butter & Jelly Pancakes I smashed together two of my kids’ favorite things to eat. Let me tell you guys, they are really good! Full disclosure, the peanut butter spread on top of the pancakes is for serious peanut butter lovers. You’ll also want to have a glass of milk handy. If you don’t want that much peanut butter-ness to your pancakes, leave the extra PB off. The pancakes have enough peanut butter flavor on their own. I just wanted to go all out. Which explains the peanut butter chips.
If this is your first time seeing one of our 12 Bloggers posts, you are in for a good time kids. Each month on the 12th, 12 of us bloggers get together to bring you some super delicious themed recipes, all with 12 ingredients or less. We have a whole bunch of recipes from last year’s series for you to check out here. Get ready to

########
Rank: 3
Score: 51.969288
Retrieved Text: Have you tried Larabars ? They are one of my favorite snacks--but I rarely buy them because they are kind of pricey: a little over a dollar each. After eating my last batch and being sad that I didn't have anymore, I realized I had all the ingredients at home to make them--even dates! Most recipes that I found call for Medjool dates--I had some of those on hand, but have since bought some that are already pitted and I'm not sure if they are Medjool. I have no idea what Medjool even means. Medjool. What a fun word!
My favorite flavor is Cherry Pie--so all I needed was dates, dried cherries, almonds... and I added cocoa because it would be crazy not to. I was only missing one thing to make these yummy treats--a food processor. I used Vic's to make all of Finley's baby food, so I decided I should go out and buy one for myself now that she's gone. Tear.
I threw it all in the food processor and whirled it up for a little over a minute. You can do it a little more or less, depending on what texture you like. You can also do the fruit and nuts separately if you want to leave the nuts in bigger chunks. Or you can process the heck out of it, that way you don't have to chew.
Then I dumped it in a Ziploc baggie and rolled it until it was flat.
And cut it into 8 bars. Although you can make them whatever shape

########
Rank: 4
Score: 51.672356
Retrieved Text: The great PB&J debate! What do you put on yours?
What do you put on your PB&J sandwich?
WWL Saints Sideline Reporter Steve Geller told me that this was a raging debate among the media at Saints camp this week. Grape of strawberry jelly?
So, I asked our listeners to join the discussion during the Early Edition of WWL First News.
I also shared my wife's secret to keeping the peanut butter from sticking to the roof of your mouth. If you mix the peanut butter and jelly in a cup before spreading it on the bread, it creates a smoother filling.
The discussion on the air started with the same question, grape of strawberry jelly?
It quickly expanded to include creamy or crunchy and much more.
For some people grape or strawberry are not at the top of the list.
And creamy or chunky pnutbutter? Me? Strawberry n chunky.
Blackberry jam all day show reply ?
No jelly. Peanut butter and honey.
Dave, I found out I liked peanut butter and honey when I had to unfortunately spend the night in jail.
Pepper jelly rocks that peanut butter world!
I'm crunchy peanut butter and yes, Mayhaw jelly is the bomb! Otherwise, strawberry jam hands down.
Ditch the grapes and berries. Red pepper jelly rules.
You need to peanut butter and BACON!
Only commies like strawberry jelly! Its all about satsuma preserves!
Green grapes cut in half on my peanut butter sandwich! Yum!
Peanut Butter and Mayonnaise is where it's at.
How about homemade Japanese plum jelly on your peanut butter.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 51.109352
Retrieved Text: SWBAT improve the details in their writing by thinking about how they write down instructions for a person to follow.
A sandwich made out of peanut butter, jelly and details.
In my lesson openers I always have a "connect" in which I connect students' thinking about yesterday's lesson to today's lesson. I then have a "teach" in which I model for students the lesson of the day and also have them try it out. For this lesson to be necessary, the students would have shown that they do not put enough details in their writing from the assessment I gave them to day before. The assessment was simply to ask them to write, "something they remember well."
It is very important that you know if children have peanut allergies. If so, you could use an alternative like a cheese sandwich or a plain jelly sandwich.
Teach: "I want you to take five minutes to write down how you would tell someone else how to make a peanut butter and jelly sandwich (should be on loose leaf paper)." It is important you do not give them any directions or hints of where to start in order for them to be actively engaged.
*Shout out to my colleague Tenesha Fremstad for this idea!
Active Engagement: As students are writing, I will set out an economy size jar of peanut butter and an economy size jar of jelly with a plate, plastic knife and two loaves of bread (depending on the class size). After students write quietly and individually for five minutes I will collect

########
Rank: 6
Score: 49.91663
Retrieved Text: Whole wheat pancakes stuffed with a dollop of peanut butter and jelly are the perfect weekend breakfast treat and one the whole family will love!
I made us pancakes just in time for the weekend! These aren’t just any old pancakes. Nope, these are 100% whole wheat and stuffed with peanut butter and jelly. They are sure to bring out the inner five year old in you too!
Speaking of bringing out your inner five year old, I’m going to whine about the cold for a minute. Yesterday we had a cold front come through the Denver area and it’s continuing to stick around today. It’s been nothing but clouds, rain and cold. While it’s still cold here today at least the sun is out.
I’m fine with the cold for the most part, especially if the sun’s out, but it sure does make my morning runs hard. Forcing myself out of bed when it’s cold and dark is a pretty tough thing to do. If the wind isn’t blowing it’s not as bad, but throw in any wind and it’s miserable. Generally I can stay fairly warm, but the part of me that always gets bitter cold are my fingers. No matter what gloves I buy (I have 3 pairs, soon to be 4) my fingers always get painfully numb, to the point where I can hardly bend them. I honestly don’t know how to fix the problem, but I’m desperate! If you have any tips or gloves you can recommend, please let me know, I will be

########
Rank: 7
Score: 49.188274
Retrieved Text: I’m not sure why I decided to create a recipe for peanut butter and jelly muffins. I’m not a peanut butter and jelly sandwich kind of person. I was the kid that had a salami sandwich for school lunch. I turned my nose up at those PB & J kids. And they crinkled their nose at my salami sandwich. Honestly, I don’t know who bought the jelly and brought it into our house! But because I’ve been making muffins once a week for snacks or breakfast for Mr. Joey, I decided I’d cave and see what this flavor combination is all about. The verdict? There’s good reason that these two foods are inseparable!
Peanut butter and jelly muffins haven’t converted me to a peanut butter and jelly sandwich believer. But I now see what the rest of the world loves about the duo. Sweet, salty, creamy, and smooth. And there’s something that makes me feel like a kid again when I eat the two together.
When you take a bite of one of these peanut butter and jelly muffins, you don’t think “oh it’s a peanut butter muffin,” or “hey, there’s jelly in here!” Instead, you’ll taste a moist, sweet little muffin that has the perfect balance of peanut butter and jelly. That’s the whole point of combining the two, right?!
Baking time and yield may differ if you use regular muffin tin pans.
If you’re looking for more muffin recipes here are a few of my favorites [in mini-muffin form; perfect for toddlers!]: banana bread mini-muffins and pumpkin banana

########
Rank: 8
Score: 49.15275
Retrieved Text: When I was 13 years old, I used to wake up for school around 7:00 a.m. and stumble downstairs to the kitchen table.
I would open the Kansas City Star sports page, go to my page of my choice, and put my breakfast plate on top of the inky newsprint.
This next part is not meant for exaggeration. It’s not meant for effect. It’s the truth.
I ate Eggo waffles with peanut butter every day. Every single day. Seriousy. Monday. Tuesday. Wednesday… and so on. Every day.
Until that point in my life, peanut butter had mostly been a minor story line.
Sure, I ate a childhood’s worth of PB&Js. And occasionally, my mom would put out some celery and peanut butter.
But for the most part, I strayed away from the gooey brown stuff. Chunky? Creamy? Didn’t matter.
But for some reason — and I can’t remember the exact day or year — one of my fellow schoolyard scamps passed along one of the greatest secrets of my life.
Peanut butter. Waffles. Syrup. Magic.
So you might have guessed that this is a post about peanut butter.
If you walk into my kitchen today, you will find a jar of peanut butter. If you walk into my kitchen tomorrow, you will find peanut butter. If you walk into my kitchen next year, you will find peanut butter.
So, yea, I effing love peanut butter.
And the other day, as I was lathering some of the old goo onto a piece of wheat bread, I began to think about the chemically processed paste on my knife?
What is this

########
Rank: 9
Score: 48.599506
Retrieved Text: Who doesn’t love a good peanut butter and jelly sandwich? It is a nostalgic taste that is always welcome in my mouth. I don’t think to make it very often, but I’m always happy when I make one for myself. This grown-up peanut butter and jelly sandwich takes your traditional PB&J to a whole new level.
Making this version of a peanut butter and jelly sandwich is super easy. However, it elevates this childhood favorite and becomes a special meal for both kids and adults. I think it would be fun to have a party with my adult friends and have everyone bring their favorite nostalgic childhood treat elevated to an adult version. It would be so interesting to see what people created. Maybe I’ll do that for my next game night.
Favorite Bread – I chose a farm style bread, but this could easily become healthier with a whole grain option. I often like the nuttiness added with a bread that has more seeds and grains.
There are really no measurements when making your grown-up peanut butter and jelly. The directions are simple. It’s just like making a normal peanut butter and jelly, but you will be toasting it and adding bacon. Just slather on some peanut butter to one piece of bread. After cooking your bacon to desired crispness, add 3-4 slices of bacon on top of the peanut butter. On the other slice of bread, add your jelly and place on top. Butter both sides of the outer side of your sandwich and toast it to

########
Rank: 10
Score: 48.365047
Retrieved Text: A couple questions have plagued sandwich lovers for decades, how do I keep my jelly from falling out of my PB&J? How can I possibly take this already delicious sandwich to the next level of greatness. Finally, this step by step guide on how to make an epic, drip proof sandwich, has arrived. Parents and children rejoice, the days of sticky hands and stained floors is gone.
Before you indulge in a piece of heaven and question to as why you never thought of this before, you'll need to gather a few key ingredients.
Lay your two slices of bread next to one another. Take your knife and gather a conservative amount of peanut butter to put on both slices of your bread. You'll only want a thin spread of peanut butter at this point.
After you have a thin layer of peanut butter on both slices of bread, use the same knife to take a more liberal amount of peanut butter and apply ONLY to the edge of your bread. It should appear you're creating a fortified containment wall of deliciousness as you apply more peanut butter to each slice.
At this point you should have a square shaped wall lining the perimeter of your bread. The height of the peanut butter should be relative to the thickness of one of your fingers. If you extremely large hands, try and use only half of one finger.
*NOTE: the more jelly and nutella you plan to use, the larger the peanut butter walls you want to create.
Wipe off your knife and

########
Rank: 11
Score: 48.088856
Retrieved Text: I used to love to snack on Peanut Butter and Jelly sandwiches before I went on this weight loss journey. I have since cut back on sugar and carbs so I started snacking on an open face peanut butter and fresh strawberry on whole wheat bread on occasion. I love the protein you get with peanut butter but am not a fan of the calories or fat content.
I recently heard about powdered peanut butter and got to review the Chike PB brand. By eating Chike PB instead of regular peanut butter you save about 140 calories and 14 grams of fat per serving.
First I used the peanut butter in my morning protein shake and made a chocolate peanut butter shake. Since the peanut butter is in powder form it mixes really well in a shake.
My daughter loves peanut butter sandwiches and bananas so I finally made her banana "ice cream" and added some of the Chike PB. The bananas were so sweet that I didn't even have to add any sweetener. I popped a scoop on a cone and my daughter loved it.
You can also reconstitute is with water to make a spreadable peanut butter. All you have to do is mix 1 tblsp of water with 2 tblsp of the Chike PB until smooth. I had it with some fresh apples as a healthy snack.
My kids like Chike in smoothies and it mixes so much better than peanut butter.
I love smoothies and peanut butter! So do my girls!! I have never tried this product but

########
Rank: 12
Score: 48.056725
Retrieved Text: It might sound cheesy, but since we started dating, Chris and I have said we’re like peanut butter and jelly – the perfect duo. It’s always been a silly joke between us, but it ended up being the theme for our wedding ceremony.
When we met with our wedding officiant to go over vows, Chris shocked me. Instead of doing unity sand or anything similar, he suggested that we actually make a peanut butter and jelly sandwich and eat it in front of our guests.
When he brought it up, I thought it would be overly tacky and silly, but our officiant and wedding planner immediately hopped on board. Our officiant was amazed by Chris – she said that in 40 years of performing weddings, she had seen a lot of unique and fun ceremonies, but no one had ever symbolized their marriage by making a sandwich. We laughed at the whole idea, but after that, I was sold.
Before I knew it, our peanut butter and jelly themed ceremony was happening.
We had 4 bridesmaids, 4 groomsmen, and our kids walking as the flower girls and ring bearer. The above photo is my absolute favourite. It’s Chris’ crying face – the one he made when he first saw me in my dress. I’ll never forget that moment and I’m so happy that our photographer was able to capture it.
Within 15 minutes, we were married! We decided not to write our own vows, but keep it simple and sweet with pre-written ones. We exchanged rings and kissed all while our

########
Rank: 13
Score: 47.995346
Retrieved Text: It’s March which means Spring but it seems like part of the country hasn’t gotten the memo. It snowed here last night and the temperature dipped into the negatives. I NEED Spring…..flowers, blue skies and Easter candy! I love everything there is about Easter candy….the bright colors, baking with the candy and of course, eating it!
My go-to candy for Easter is everything from HERSHEY’S. They have everything from delicious chocolate bunnies and REESE’S Peanut Butter Cup Eggs to WHOPPERS ROBIN EGGS and JOLLY RANCHER jelly beans. I absolutely love jelly beans so when I came across a recipe for Jelly Bean Fudge, I knew it would be the perfect treat for Easter.
This is one of the easiest and sweetest recipes I have ever made. It will be perfect as a dessert on Easter or as a fun treat to give friends and family. You can print these fun Easter Egg Basket Tags from the Celebrate With Hersheys site and attach them to the fudge before you give it away as a gift!
– Chop 1/2 cup of jelly beans into small pieces.
– On medium high heat, combine white chocolate chips, chopped jelly beans and condensed milk. Keep stirring until completely melted.
– Line baking pan with foil.
– Pour mixture into baking pan.
– Sprinkle 1 cup of JOLLY RANCHER Jelly Beans on top of fudge mixture.
– Refrigerate for 4 hours. Once set, cut and enjoy!
I think you will love making JOLLY RANCHERS Jelly Bean Fudge. With all of the great HERSHEY’S candy available, you’ll be sure to think of

########
Rank: 14
Score: 47.874893
Retrieved Text: Peanut butter and jelly. Just say the words and it makes us smile, takes us back to being kids or staying young. This perfect combo is a savory, sweet, creamy or crunchy treat that is good any time of the day. As a sports dietitian, I want my athletes to capitalize on what they eat in terms of the performance benefit, the cost per bite, the safety of the food and most of all the enjoyment.
So let me count the ways on why I am crushin’ on PBJ!
Peanut butter has protein (8 grams) and fat (16 grams) for fuel that lasts. This is extremely important to athletes who may practice for hours or compete in sports where they must be on the court, course, or field all day.
Peanut butter also has 208 milligrams (6% DV) of potassium per 2 tablespoon serving. Potassium is important for muscle contraction.
Peanut butter contains 2 grams (8% DV) of fiber per serving. Choosing a 100% whole wheat wrap, bread or sandwich or bagel thin with at least 5 more grams adds some fiber as well, which is a nutrient that many athletes consume in smaller amounts than what they need. My athletes LOVE a small whole wheat or multigrain wrap!
Low-sugar fruit spread or fruit butter (such as apple butter) has 6 grams of sugar per tablespoon compared to regular jelly (11 grams), jam (10 grams) or preserves (8 grams).
Mix freeze dried fruit into the peanut butter to add a little crunch and sweetness, or add 1 tablespoon of golden or black

########
Rank: 15
Score: 47.6571
Retrieved Text: The last two years, I haven’t been able to enjoy blueberry season. This year we found a new place. It was a short drive to Michigan, and 15 pounds later here we are.
Now I can make jam, muffins, pie, pancakes, blueberry buckle, blueberry zucchini bread and cobbler.
Cobbler is one of those great desserts that brings oohs and ahs without much fuss. Not to mention, you probably have all the ingredients in your pantry. Cobbler is easily adaptable to most fruit. I actually love a peach cobbler, but my husband is not a fan of peaches. So I used the blueberries instead.
This recipe makes quite a bit, so it’s perfect for company. But if you don’t want to share, I’m not going to judge.
Melt the butter in a 13×9 baking dish.
Combine the flour, 1/3 C sugar, 1/3 C brown sugar, baking powder, salt, cinnamon, nutmeg and ginger together. Add the milk, stirring until dry ingredients are moistened. Pour batter over the melted butter, do not stir.
Bring the 1/3 C sugar, 1/3 C brown sugar, lemon juice and blueberries to a boil in a medium sauce pan, stirring constantly. Poor fruit mixture over batter, do not stir.
Bake at 375 degrees for 40-45 minutes or until golden brown.
This wonderful banana butter recipe is to die for. It’s perfect for pancakes, french toast, toast, muffins, scones, or grilled peanut butter and jelly. That’s right grilled peanut butter and jelly.
You’ve never had grilled peanut butter and jelly? Assemble your sandwich as you always do. Spread butter (or in this case banana

########
Rank: 16
Score: 47.45725
Retrieved Text: What do you like to put on your pancakes? I like to put butter and syrup on some and then I like to put jelly on some. At Ihop They have different kinds of syrup and I think they are really good. I love the strawberry syrup there, & the butter pecan.
Most generally I put peanut butter and syrup on my pancakes. I haven't ever tried IHOP's pancakes though. We don't have one close to where I live. I also like to cook pancakes with chocolate chips, cooked bacon broke into little pieces, and strawberries. The bacon pancakes were new to me until my mom's husband cooked them one day. It's an unusual taste but with these I only add syrup to them. Don't think they would taste to good with the peanut butter.
I have never tried or even heard of peanut butter on pancakes. I wouldn't like the pancakes with bacon because I don't like bacon. We didn't have a Ihop where I live until about a year ago.
Yeah I don't think we will ever get an IHOP around here. It took us years to get a Long John Silvers. *LOL* One can wish though. We don't have many places for a breakfast unless you go to a little diner early in the morning, McDonald's, or Sonic.
We don't have a sonic or a long john's silvers around where I live. We have a Long John's silvers about an hour away but thats it. I can't complain though there are a lot of places to eat

########
Rank: 17
Score: 47.389088
Retrieved Text: Looking for a creative and fun lunch idea for the kids? These fun and tasty PB&J French toast stick sandwiches are a quick and easy lunch that the kids will love.
As break comes to an end and the kids head back to school, parents return to looking for fun and creative lunch ideas for their little one's lunchboxes.
The go-to lunch in our house is the traditional peanut butter and jelly sandwich – aka PB&J. Not only are PB&J sandwiches super easy to make, but they taste amazing too. We make our PB&Js with Smucker's and Jif because we love the delicious combination of Smucker's sweet strawberry jelly and the creamy, fresh roasted peanut taste of Jif.
But, sometimes I want to add a bit of fun and creativity to lunch by switching things up. That is how I came up with this fun back to school recipe for PB&J French toast stick sandwiches that I will share with you today.
These PB&J French toast stick sandwiches are super easy to make, using your choice of sandwich bread, eggs, milk, Smucker's jelly, and Jif peanut butter. Simply cut your bread into sticks, batter, and make into french toast. Then, pair up the sticks to make into the perfect finger-sized PB&J sandwiches.
Cut bread into 4 strips and set aside. Combine eggs, milk, and vanilla in a bowl and beat lightly.
Coat the bread with the egg mixture on both sides.
Heat a skillet over medium heat and grease with butter. Cook the French toast sticks until golden brown on both sides.
Remove from

########
Rank: 18
Score: 47.29436
Retrieved Text: By now y’all should know I love me some nut butter. While I enjoy almond butter and have even made my own cashew butter before, it’s really peanut butter that is my favorite.
Of course, if I was being really honest with myself I would also admit that it is a trigger food. This is especially true during that once-a-month hormone surge when I will happily eat any peanut butter and chocolate combination in existence. Half the time I don’t even bother with the chocolate and, instead, have what I call a spoon and run with a peanut butter jar.
Peanut butter is a good source of protein, but it’s also high in calories and while the fats are the good kind it’s still high in fats. A single serving of peanut butter — 2 tablespoons — is 5 Weight Watchers points.
Which is why I am so glad I finally jumped on the powdered peanut butter wagon with PB2.
What is this craziness? Powdered peanut butter? I know, kids. Just give yourself some time to wrap your mind around it.
Right, so all you do is take 2 T of PB2, mix it with 1 T of water and voila. Peanut butter.
Trust me, I was skeptical, too. Not just on the taste but what sort of wacky scientific unpronounceable ingredient list voodoo caused this magic.
Wait. That’s it? That list is shorter than your average jar of peanut butter. And 2 T. of PB2 is only 1 Weight Watcher Point.
Granted it doesn’t taste exactly like peanut butter. But y’know what? This

########
Rank: 19
Score: 47.07079
Retrieved Text: You had to figure that it was only a matter of time before I showed up here with a peanut butter and jelly cupcake, right? I honestly can’t believe it’s taken me so long. If only my little 5-year-old self had been introduced to these… oh boy. I don’t think she would have ever eaten another thing. It would have been a nightmare for my mom, for sure. It’s a good thing I was a responsible adult (who still, at times, sustains herself with only peanut butter and jelly) before I discovered these beauties. I’ve had them bookmarked forever in my cupcakes book, but they sat on the back burner of my mind for some time before a reader asked a couple of months ago if I had a recipe for peanut butter and jelly cupcakes. As a card-carrying member of the peanut butter addict club, I was slightly ashamed that they weren’t already nestled in a cozy little spot on the site. I’m happy to say that they now their spot. Too bad I don’t still have my old peanut butter and jelly sleeping bag I used as a kid – what an appropriate way for peanut butter and jelly cupcakes to cozy up!
The cupcake base tastes almost exactly like a peanut butter cookie – lovely, moist, and dense with pieces of chopped peanuts studded throughout. If you closed your eyes and ate it, you might think you were eating a peanut butter sandwich. With a bit of cake-like texture, of course. Throw on peanut

########
Rank: 20
Score: 46.98899
Retrieved Text: How is it that one could eat flour tortillas for over 40 years and never once think to make them with peanut butter and jelly?
Here’s to the things kids can teach you!
My young friends Piper (4), Alden (7), and Reilly (9) recently gave me a lesson in one of their favorite foods – a “wrap”. First they explained what a “wrap” is – basically a flour tortilla, with good stuff inside, tucked in the edges and rolled up to make it easy to eat.
In my neck of the woods we would pack it full with a lot of rice, beans, and salsa and call it a burrito. But as a flour tortilla is nothing more than a bit of flour and water (and some baking powder, salt, and shortening or lard) one could easily use it as a bread substitute.
Practically anything that could go in a sandwich could be wrapped up in a flour tortilla. The favorite wraps for these young friends of mine? Two actually. One obvious, the peanut butter and jelly wrap. The second not so obvious, but believe me, extremely good – cream cheese, thinly sliced ham, and carrots.
Do you have a favorite kid-friendly wrap? Please let us know in the comments.
1 Layout out one flour tortilla. Spread a layer of peanut butter over the center of the tortilla, leaving an inch clear around the edges. Spread a thin layer of jam or jelly over the peanut butter.
2 Fold the left and right edges of the tortilla over about an inch, towards the

########
Rank: 21
Score: 46.701347
Retrieved Text: Have you ever tried a Molten Lava Cake? What about Peanut Butter Chocolate Molten Lava Cakes?
I have made regular chocolate Lava Cakes plenty of times, and they turned out great, I knew the peanut butter Lava Cakes would taste amazing. Of course, you know they looked fantastic, in my opinion, any Lava Cake looks amazing. They’re one of the most attractive and easy chocolate desserts to make. It’s amazing how easy they are to make. If you want someone to think you’ve been busy in the kitchen all day serve them Lava Cakes, lol. They might look like you spent all day preparing them but in reality, they only take about 30 to 45 minutes, baking time included.
I’m excited to share this recipe with you because it is so stinking amazing, quick and easy to make! Plus, it’s a great crowd pleaser, and you can have fun with it and make different flavors. My kids have been begging me to try a peanut butter and jelly lava cake, so it’s on my list of things to do next week.
Alright, who’s ready to start making the peanut butter filled chocolate molten lava cakes? Great, let’s get started then shall we?
Preheat oven to 390 degrees and prepare your Ramekins ceramic bowls by greasing generously and placing a tablespoon of cocoa in the 1st Ramekins bowl and moving the ceramic bowl in a circular motion to make sure the sides and bottom are covered well. Once the first bowl is covered, dump the remaining cocoa powder into the next

########
Rank: 22
Score: 46.69879
Retrieved Text: Kids of all ages loves a good PB&J sandwich, don’t they? How about a Peanut Butter & Jelly Sandwich Cookie? Make it classic with grape jelly, or spice it up with hot pepper jelly.
I am officially obsessed with these cookies!
Sweets and treats are not hard to come by in our house. In fact, I’m usually trying to get rid of the goodies once they’ve been photographed for the blog. My husband takes lots of stuff to work (there’s often a line out the door of the lunchroom), and it’s not unusual for me to post a notice on Facebook for my neighbors to please come and take some of the sweets home.
Believe me, I like sweets and baked goods as much as the next guy, but I don’t really have a giant sweet tooth. I like to say that I have an “everything” tooth. I like sweet, salty, spicy, bitter, funky, you name it.
Generally, I can eat a cookie or two and then be happy to move on to a nice salad, steak or a glass of wine. But I found these cookies irresistible. If I didn’t farm them out to a friend with a teenage boy (aka, bottomless pit) I could have gotten myself in trouble with these little little bites of heaven.
I’m a big fan of an occasional peanut butter and jelly sandwich (on good white bread), so I immediately knew I would use traditional grape jelly as the “jelly” part of the PB&J.
While I was putting together the recipe I remembered that I

########
Rank: 23
Score: 46.60866
Retrieved Text: My kids just love eating all their veggies…oh wait…no they don’t. Not. At. All. In fact, other than carrots and the occasional green smoothie, I am pretty sure my kids have no clue what real veggies even look like. To prove that point, while we were gleaning from my Aunt’s super impressive garden last summer, one picked up a tomato and called it a ball and the other a zucchini and called it a weird hot dog! And yes, this is coming from “the Healthy Hen”.
It isn’t for lack of trying. I do the ranch dressing dip for broccoli, which works sometimes, and actually spaghetti squash has made it past their lips. But on a regular every day kinda routine, my kids hate veggies.
Until now that is! Let me introduce you to Missy Lapine, The Sneaky Chef and her fabulous new products that are available at Remke’s to the Cincinnati/NKY Market. Love them!
This magical kitchen wizard, has managed to hid a whole line up of veggies in foods that kids already love! And, actually my favorite part, is that one of the products is No-Nut Butter, which means that you can make a no-nut butter and jelly sandwich and send it to SCHOOL! Or No-Nut Butter cookies! Whoa!
My peanut butter loving kids…I mean they could eat it every day for breakfast, lunch and dinner….LOVE this stuff! I make it with jelly or honey and they eat it right up! Awesome!
Another quick favorite around here, even with my husband, has been the pasta noodles, which are packed

########
Rank: 24
Score: 46.580826
Retrieved Text: I’ve said it once and I’ll say it again – there’s very few food combinations that can compete with peanut butter and jelly. They just taste so great together and this muffin recipe take this whole flavor duo to the next level. Even though I’m past my back to school days, this time of year still feels like “back to school” for me. Maybe it’s all the Facebook posts I see of kids off to school, or still semi mourning my college days, but you don’t need an excuse to indulge in a classic peanut butter and jelly sandwich, or in this case a peanut butter and jelly muffin. These vegan pb and j muffins are moist, cakey, and flavorful all in one. I don’t want to stretch it and say they are healthy, BUT they are a healthier option than reaching for processed snack that’s for sure. Flax seeds are used as an egg substitute and they are a great source of fiber and omega 3’s. You can even take this muffin recipe to the next level and use homemade chia jam, like I used in this granola bar recipe for an added health benefit. They are great for breakfast on the go or a snack to get you through that mid day hunger. Let’s welcome fall and back to school with open arms and eat all the peanut butter and jelly muffins, shall we?!
For me, cooking is like a million times easier than baking. I feel like I can be more creative and it

########
Rank: 25
Score: 46.576725
Retrieved Text: Lately I’ve been all about the wacky National holidays/months and I found out that November is not only National Diabetes Awareness but also Peanut Butter Lovers month. This inspired me to write about peanut butter and the many ways to use it because I find it’s a food that is labeled “bad.” You can read more about my thoughts on labeling a food as good or bad in this post here.
Peanut butter (or any nut butter) is not bad for you. It contains healthy fats, protein, and oh yeah…tastes amazing! Some nut butters have added sugar and a little salt which are likely reasons why they get criticized. If you’re looking to decrease the added sugar you consume, go for a natural peanut butter with just nuts (or nuts and salt) as the ingredient.
My go-to peanut butter is Full Circle peanut butter from D&W. This is not an ad for them, it’s just one of my favorite types. I also eat Jiff Natural, Meijer brand, Justin’s, and more. I’m also a HUGE fan of almond butter…mmmmm…But, you’re here to see 10 ways to enjoy peanut butter so now I’ll deliver!
With a spoon – sometimes just a spoonful of peanut butter helps the medicine go down…or is that sugar? I’d go for a spoonful of peanut butter any day. I will say I use my small spoon when I do this because peanut butter is one of those things I could use a soup ladle for and still want more.
Over sweet potatoes – say what!? Yes. It’s

########
Rank: 26
Score: 46.159935
Retrieved Text: I am confident that our family dog Humphrey (bless his little heart) is the only individual in the history of the universe to love peanut butter more than me. Every single day of high school, my mom would make my peanut butter (no jelly) sandwich and Humphrey would get to lick the knife clean. Ask her about the time that he licked the knife and then she did too. Although I don’t eat a peanut butter sandwich for lunch daily anymore, I love it all the same. I have eaten peanut butter toast before every marathon and half marathon I have ever run. There is no doubt that the stuff is delicious.
Because of my love of peanut butter and my love of baking, I get really excited when both of these worlds collide. After inventing the world’s best cookie, which had peanut butter chips, I craved the stuff in baked goods form, but couldn’t justify making something just to curb my desire. A birthday for a dear friend and co-worker provided the perfect excuse, however, and that’s how we ended up at the Peanut Butter and Jelly Coffee Cake.
If you love peanut butter and jelly, then this treat is for you. The perfect about of moist peanut butter combines with ribbons of jelly, and both are accentuated by the crunchy peanut streusel on top. You can have it for breakfast, lunch, and dessert and all would be perfectly appropriate!
It was a little slice of childhood.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Spray a 9 x 13 baking pan

########
Rank: 27
Score: 46.133984
Retrieved Text: Five Ingredient Cherry Vanilla Protein Energy Bars – fresh with flavors of peanut butter and jelly, if you have five minutes you can make these bars!
I have never been a fan of peanut butter and jelly. Ever. Even as a kid – as a sandwich, I preferred grilled cheese, then later bagels and cream cheese. Just never enjoyed peanut butter and jelly together, sandwich or otherwise.
Blueberry Sunflower Energy Bites – crunchy, chewy, sweetly satisfying – carry these energy bites with you when you need a quick energy pop between meals!
We loved the first batch of energy balls I made. I love these – when I am hungry but am close to dinner and don’t want to eat, or before a workout when I need something but I’m not hungry.
I made another batch, just as easy as the first – four ingredients total!
vanilla protein powder and oats.
These are delicious! I think chocolate and peanut butter is still my favorite flavor combination, but variety is the spice of life, right? Say that reminds me, cinnamon or pumpkin pie spice would be good in these!
Refrigerate prior to serving – I store mine in the refrigerator.
That was so much fun! Simone and K, come back soon!
We had a fabulous weekend, pretty much unplugged the whole time! Now it’s catch up for me, and I have some exciting things happening this week!
My First Spabettie Giveaway! Stay tuned, I know a few of my readers are interested in this!

########
Rank: 28
Score: 45.896248
Retrieved Text: In saucepan mix together peanut butter, water margarine. Quarter sheet made cake, Texas style! White Texas Sheet Cake: super moist thin sheet & easy to make! It is a peanut butter lover’ s dream buttermilk perfect for potlucks picnics. Preheat the oven to 350° F ( 177° C) and grease three round 9× 2 inch cake pans. buttermilk Turn made mixer to low milk, sheet vanilla, add in egg, red food coloring.
Pour frosting over the warm cake. Spread into a greased 15" x10" jelly- roll sheet pan. A small Texas chocolate sheet cake made in a quarter sheet pan! Cake is very moist. A decidedly retro cake with very made few bells whistles.
I sprinkled mini chocolate chips on top of the glaze. In the past 3 years, we’ ve moved 3 times. Me on the other hand, I prefer vanilla. I met and fell in love with my husband in California. I often start my day with a. This is often called a XL baking pan or roasting pan. A little over a year later, sheet we did. Prep your baking pan – Butter and flour a 15. Bring to a rapid boil and pour over the flour mixture.
Add the eggs vanilla to the bowl , buttermilk, mix well. I didn’ t know a vanilla version of the Texas made Sheet Cake. In honor of Jake’ s birthday I made a classy classic peanut butter cake with peanut sheet butter buttermilk frosting. I always have salted butter on hand because it is so versatile so I

########
Rank: 29
Score: 45.863205
Retrieved Text: Another check-out display item ensnared us on our last TJ's run. That clever Trader Joe. But you probably figured that out already just from the picture. You clever readers.
It doesn't taste like a peanut butter and jelly sandwich, if that's what you're wondering. At least Sonia and I don't think so. We tasted chocolate first. Good chocolate. Milk chocolate. No surprises, no let-downs. Just chocolate. Then, after the chocolate, we tasted creamy peanut butter. Peanut butter and chocolate = win. It's difficult to screw it up. And everybody knows what a Reese's tastes like. So it's really that third and final element that's the wild card: the jelly.
Most of the time, when I make a PB & J sandwich, I use grape jelly. I think it tastes best. Sometimes I'll wind up with strawberry, which also works. But I can probably count on one hand the number of times in my life I've made a PB & J with raspberry jelly. Not that it would be terrible. It's just that we don't usually have raspberry jelly on hand. If we did, it might work, but again, we're not talking about a PB & J sandwich, we're talking about a chocolate bar. And I personally can't imagine any other flavor of jelly working with this candy. It's tart like the label says it is.
Sonia wishes there were a lot more of the jelly in the mix. I disagree. I think more jelly would have upset the delicate balance. I think with more jelly, TJ's might have run

================



======= Instance Index 5264 =========
Input Text: The study showed driving while sleep deprived led to as many what accidents as being drunk?
Choose the most suitable option to answer the above question.
Options:
- dangerous
- stressful
- being followed by
- honk the horn
- deadly

Target Text: deadly

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 56.812332
Retrieved Text: Home » Blog » Is Driving Drowsy as Bad as Drunk Driving?
Is Driving Drowsy as Bad as Drunk Driving?
Published on Apr 5, 2017 at 6:17 pm in Auto Accidents.
We’ve all gotten behind the wheel while tired after a long work day, but have you ever stopped to wonder about the implications of driving while drowsy? Driving while drowsy is inherently dangerous due to the fact that while drowsy, our reaction speeds and sense of judgement are both significantly impaired. If a car in front of our vehicle suddenly stops or swerves, if we’re drowsy, our reaction to that stop or swerve may come a second later than if we were fully alert.
When it comes to an accident, even a mere second or two can make the difference between avoiding the crash and slamming into another car. But how dangerous is dangerous? How often do car crashes really occur that involve drowsy drivers? Is driving drowsy as bad as drunk driving or driving under the influence of drugs? Let’s examine the facts.
According to new studies and research findings from the AAA Foundation for Traffic Safety, statistics show that driving while sleep deprived or drowsy is just as dangerous as driving under the influence of alcohol. In short, the less amount of sleep an individual has while behind the wheel, the more riskier their driving behaviors become.
The studies conducted showed that an individual who even deprives themselves of one hour less of sleep than the recommended seven hours increases the chances of an accident. Hence, it can be

########
Rank: 1
Score: 54.929497
Retrieved Text: Any Las Vegas car accident lawyer would be able to recount stories of people who have been severely injured by drowsy drivers. Drowsy driving is among the leading causes of car accidents in the United States. According to the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration, one in every six fatal car accidents results from a driver who is impaired with fatigue. In comparison, one in every three fatal car accidents results from a driver who is impaired with alcohol. Drowsy driving causes more than 100,000 crashes, more than 40,000 injuries and over 1,500 deaths every year.
In order to capture the similarity between drowsy driving and drunk driving, it may be helpful to understand the physical consequences of fatigue. Australian researchers found that, on cognitive tests, volunteers who had not slept for nearly 20 hours showed response times 50 percent below those of adequately rested individuals. In other words, the cognitive performance of a sleep-deprived person is equivalent to that of a person with a blood-alcohol content of 0.05 percent, which is near the legal limit.
The NHTSA described two common types of sleep deficiency that can put drivers at risk of impaired driving. The first is called short-term sleepiness, which results from a one-time event, such as pulling an all-nighter. The second is called chronic sleepiness, which eventually follows from the gradual accumulation of restricted sleep. Those who routinely stay up late, even though they must wake up early for work, are at an increased risk of chronic sleepiness.
A study in the Journal of Internal Medicine showed that

########
Rank: 2
Score: 47.433834
Retrieved Text: While New Year’s Eve is a time for celebration, it is also one of the most dangerous holidays of the year.
Although another Thanksgiving and Christmas are in the books, the holiday season is not over yet. This Saturday is New Year’s Eve, meaning many in the St. Louis area will be gearing up to celebrate. While New Year’s Eve is a favorite holiday for many, it can also be one of the most dangerous times to be on the road. Here are two dangerous driving practices to avoid this New Year’s eve.
The dangers of drinking and driving are repeated often, and yet The U.S. National Institute on Alcohol Abuse and Alcoholism (NIAAA) reports that 40% of traffic-related deaths around the time of Christmas and New Year’s involve drunk drivers. The NHTSA reports that in December 2010 alone 2,597 people lost their lives in automobile accidents.
If you decide to drink this New Year’s eve, make sure you call a taxi or have a designated driver take you home. Drinking and driving is not only dangerous and irresponsible, it can result in a fatal accident.
While drunk driving is often understood to be extremely dangerous, did you know that you could be unsuitable to drive without consuming any alcohol?
According to a recent study conducted by the AAA Foundation for Traffic Safety, driving while sleep-deprived is equivalent to getting behind the wheel after consuming 3-4 alcoholic beverages. This is important to consider because the holidays leave many people exhausted and sleep-deprived.
If you plan on going out this New Year’s Eve,

########
Rank: 3
Score: 47.14336
Retrieved Text: Drowsy driving is a problem that affects everyone on the roads, drivers and passengers alike. Teenagers should understand the dangers of driving sleepy.
When it comes to driving safety, young people are often associated with such dangers as texting while driving, speeding and driving while intoxicated. These are serious issues that cause many accidents in Pennsylvania and across the country. However, it is important not to overlook the risks that come with being sleep-deprived.
According to the Governors Highway Safety Association, approximately 5,000 people in the United States are killed in car crashes caused by drowsy driving. Surveys conducted by GHSA, State Farm Insurance and the AAA Foundation for Traffic Safety have revealed some troubling statistics. About 84 million people are driving while drowsy at any given time, and a large portion have admitted they do so on a regular basis.
In additional studies, Australian researchers equated drowsy driving to drunk driving. During closed-course tests, states the National Sleep Foundation, it was discovered that driving after being awake for 18 hours was about the same as having a .05 percent blood alcohol content. After 24 hours of staying awake, drivers’ impairment levels were equal to a .10 percent blood alcohol content.
How does this information pertain to teen drivers? Young people may be particularly prone to sleep deprivation, due to school and busy social and extra-curricular schedules. Those who have an after-school job may be even more sleep-deprived. According to PAHomepage.com, about one-third of teenagers in the U.S. have driven while drowsy. Additionally, younger drivers have less experience behind the

########
Rank: 4
Score: 45.400654
Retrieved Text: A recent study of more than 5400 auto accidents found that people who are experiencing lack of sleep and get less than seven hours of sleep are at a measurably increased risk of accidents, while people who get under four hours of sleep may be as badly impaired as a drunk driver. Not only is there a risk of falling asleep while driving, but tired drivers are more likely to miscalculate distances or to not see something until it is too late. Getting enough sleep while driving can literally be a lifesaver.
This week’s recommended read: Essential Oils for Sleep and Relaxation!
Data from over 5,400 car accidents suggests that your risk of an accident rises if you get less than seven hours of sleep.
Driving with less than four hours of sleep was as dangerous as driving drunk.
Even excluding the risk of falling asleep at the wheel, tired drivers are more prone to mistakes.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 43.833176
Retrieved Text: Legal Blog 2016 October Are Sleepy Drivers as Dangerous as Drunk Drivers?
Most people know that drunk drivers create an extreme danger for other road users. But, what many fail to notice is that sleepy drivers may be just as dangerous. In fact, accorded to a news article published by ABC Action News, “Studies show a driver running on six hours of sleep or less performs at the level of someone legally drunk.” According to the report, there has been over 72,000 drowsy driving car accidents in the past few years, resulting in more than 800 fatalities.
Unfortunately, due to the demand for such a fast-pace life, many Americans are sleep deprived on a normal basis. The effects can be horrendous. While sleepy drivers may start weaving and crash their own vehicles, other fatigued drivers may nod off and swerve into other motorists or even drive the wrong way on the road. Both types of circumstances can create deadly situations.
If you feel unrested at all, take a short nap before driving.
If you feel fatigued while driving, pull over and take a short nap until you are well rested.
Do not drive if you have consumed any alcohol. This can enhance fatigue.
Enjoy a snack and consume a caffeinated beverage to stay awake.
Injured in an Accident Caused by a Drowsy Driver? Call Roman & Gaynor.
If you have sustained injuries in an accident, we urge you to get in touch with our Clearwater car accident attorneys as soon as possible. When you entrust your case to our team, we can examine the

########
Rank: 6
Score: 43.26758
Retrieved Text: Drowsy driving causes thousands of auto accidents each year both in Washington and across the country.
As a nation, America is chronically sleep-deprived. We are tuned in, turned on, connected and wired 24/7. Our smart phones, televisions, computers, tablets, e-readers, net books, and other gadgets may help us be more productive during the day, but they are also keeping our bodies and brains from getting a restful night's sleep. Though this sleep deprivation is good for Washington's own Starbucks Coffee Company (and other similar businesses that sell billions of cups of caffeinated beverages each year), it can wreak havoc with our bodies and our lives.
For example, thousands of drivers hit the road each day without getting adequate rest beforehand. Though it is true that caffeine can offer some alertness, there is simply no substitute for plain-old sleep. Operating something as simple as a toaster or microwave can be tricky for someone who hasn't gotten enough sleep; the level of hazard is obviously much greater when something as large and powerful as a car is involved.
The simple truth is that when we drive while fatigued-so-called "drowsy driving"-we put our fellow motorists and ourselves at risk.
According to statistics provided by the American Automobile Association (AAA)'s Traffic Research Foundation, a whopping one-third of drivers admit that they have fallen asleep at the wheel at some point. In addition, the National Sleep Foundation reports that 37 percent of drivers have nodded off while driving in the past year alone. Many people might think that this is no big deal, and that

########
Rank: 7
Score: 42.98699
Retrieved Text: Drowsiness may hinder motorists’ ability to safely operate their vehicle, which may lead to collisions resulting in serious injuries, or death.
Motor vehicle accidents resulting in serious injuries and death are all too common in Washington, and throughout the U.S. There are a number of factors, which may contribute to causing such crashes, including alcohol intoxication and distractions. Often overlooked, however, is the danger posed by drowsy drivers. The AAA Foundation for Traffic Safety estimates that 21 percent of fatal collisions across the country involve a drowsy driver. In many cases, it is not only the fatigued drivers who are injured or killed; other motorists and their passengers are also frequently affected.
As a result of drowsiness, fatigue and sleep deprivation, motorists' ability to safely operate their vehicles may be hindered. The National Sleep Foundation reports that one study found those who have been awake for at least 18 hours may experience a similar level of impairment to those who have a blood alcohol content level of .05 percent. In Washington, and other localities, motorists with a BAC level of .08 are legally considered intoxicated.
Most people understand the potential dangers of falling asleep while driving. Simply being drowsy or fatigued while behind the wheel can also be hazardous, however. According to the Centers for Disease Control Prevention, motorist may experience delayed reaction times, impaired decision-making and reduced attentiveness as a result of being drowsy. Due to these effects, drowsy drivers may have an increased likelihood of causing serious car accidents.
There are numerous factors, which may contribute to drowsy

########
Rank: 8
Score: 42.6928
Retrieved Text: The answer to this seemingly simple question is a resounding “yes!” We feel awful when we have had a bad night’s sleep. Like proper diet and exercise, good sleep is an important key to our health and well-being. If snoring is disrupting your sleep, read my reviews of SnoreRx or Zyppah.
Sleep is difficult to define. It is a naturally occurring period of relative inactivity, triggered by daily hormonal changes in the body. Consciousness is suspended, breathing and heart rate slow, and brain activity may increase. There are several stages of sleep that occur in a cycle, typically three to five times a night. Scientists say that adults need seven to eight hours of sleep to function properly, children and teens need significantly more sleep than adults.
Sleep research is a very active field of medicine, and researchers are finding more and more benefits to getting a good night’s sleep.
There is a strong correlation between poor sleep and weight gain as well as obesity. People who get less sleep are strongly at risk for obesity and are more likely to weigh significantly more than those who get more sleep. Sleep deprivation is believed to disrupt daily fluctuations in the hormones that control appetite which results in poor appetite regulation and consumption of more calories.
According to the University of Chicago, sleep and metabolism are controlled by the same part of the brain. When you are tired, certain hormone levels increase. These are the same hormones that drive appetite. Studies have demonstrated that sleep-deprived people have a larger appetite and

########
Rank: 9
Score: 42.560486
Retrieved Text: Home > English > Do You Drive While Sleep Deprived?
Drunk driving may be receiving more public attention, but there is another danger citizens should be wary of, and that is drowsy driving. In fact, fatigue is a common problem among Canadian drivers, and is also the cause of many road accidents. Gary Howard of the Canadian Automobile Association points out that 20% of road accidents in Canada are caused by drowsy driving. This figure equals that of distracted driving, which can be caused by things like cell phone use. Other research has shown that even just one to two hours of missed sleep can double your risk of crashing. Drivers who get less than five hours of sleep are also under the same risks as those whose abilities are impaired by alcohol.
However, a Statistics Canada report on the quality of sleep reveals that a whopping one-third of Canadians are sleep-deprived, or are getting less than the recommended seven to eight hours of sleep per night. According to the survey, men between the ages of 18 and 64 have significantly less time for sleep than women, while the latter reported more trouble falling or staying asleep. Some of the most common reasons people have trouble sleeping are inconsistent sleep schedules, stress, and too much caffeine.
In an attempt to address the issue and spread awareness on drowsy driving earlier this year, Uber Canada rolled out a new policy that forces drivers to take regular breaks. After 12 hours of use, the ride-hailing app will block a driver from

########
Rank: 10
Score: 42.3483
Retrieved Text: We’ve all heard the old adage “sleep is for the weak.” Turns out we were wrong. Sleep deprivation have real effects on our behavior. Arguably the greatest effects are seen everyday on our roads.
Sleep deprivation can be measured when an individual receives less than seven hours of sleep. According to “Why We Sleep” one in two adults are sleep deprived. Sleep deprivation has profound effects not only on our ability to preform at work but also on our emotional stability. This results in serious consequences behind the wheel.
Drowsy driving is responsible for more deaths on the road than both drugs and alcohol combined. Drowsy driving accidents are deadlier because when our brain is deprived of rest it regains control and forces us into what is called a “Micro-Sleep.” When we are in a state of micro-sleep, although our eyes may not close completely, our brain is asleep. When a driver enters a state of micro-sleep behind the wheel they have no control over the vehicle for a brief period of time. It is the complete loss of control compared to the delayed reaction of an intoxicated driver that makes drowsy driving so hazardous.
Difficulty remembering past few miles driven.
Many states, including New Jersey, have adopted laws to combat drowsy driving. A driver who hasn’t slept in 24 hours is classified as driving recklessly, putting them in the same class as an intoxicated driver. Lawmakers hope that by educating the public on the dangers of drowsy driving and increasing the consequences associated with it they can save lives.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 42.29884
Retrieved Text: Are you getting less than six hours of sleep a night? You’re not alone (according to the Centers for Disease Control, about one-third of the American working population is in your shoes). But you are sleep deprived. And new research has shown that chronic sleep deprivation is as bad for your brain as binge drinking.
Dr. Adrian Owen, a neuroscientist at Western University and the Chief Scientific Officer of Cambridge Brain Scientists, recently launched the biggest sleep study in the world in order to better understand the connection between health and sleep, especially as people are working harder – and sleeping less – than ever before.
Here’s what we do know: most adults need between seven and nine hours of sleep per night – any less than that, and you’re sleep deprived. And you can’t make up for lost sleep on the weekends.
While the myriad of ways in which sleep deprivation is hurting us still hold a few secrets, here are just three ways that we already know chronic sleep deprivation can be hazardous for your health.
1. You’re more likely to suffer acute cognitive impairment.
This 2007 study is just one of many showing the links between sleep deprivation and cognitive impairment, notably problems with attention, working memory, long-term memory, and decision-making.
But Owen notes that more recent research has found that lack of sleep can go as far as disrupting emotional processing – which is no surprise to anyone who’s felt so frazzled that they get incensed at things that don’t merit quite so intense an emotional response (like

########
Rank: 12
Score: 42.188114
Retrieved Text: WASHINGTON, D.C. — Truckers have always been accused of driving beyond their limits but a new study confirms what many truck drivers already knew – it’s the four-wheelers who are the biggest threat.
The study, commissioned by the National Sleep Foundation (NSF), indicates one in five motorists admit to having fallen asleep at the wheel in the past year.
The foundation likens driving tired to driving drunk.
According to the U.S. National Highway Traffic Safety Administration, tired drivers cause 100,000 accidents each year, resulting in more than 1,500 deaths.
Young men are the most likely to drive while tired.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 42.12124
Retrieved Text: On behalf of Law Offices of Leonard S. Becker, APC posted in Car Accidents on Monday, November 16, 2015.
A California motorist might sympathize with the large number of United States residents who report driving while tired. However, the potential for an accident during drowsy driving should make the statistics reported by AAA alarming. According to a 2015 surveyconducted by the organization, at least 43 percent of U.S. motorists have fallen asleep or nodded off briefly while driving at least once in their lives.
A long commute after a late shift might make it difficult to avoid fatigued driving, but the safety risks should cause motorists to re-think their approach to such a situation. The National Highway Traffic Safety Administration encourages drivers to avoid this scenario because of the dangers. At least 5,000 lives are lost throughout the nation each year because of car accidents involving drowsy drivers, according to the agency's administrator. Nearly 32 percent of drivers surveyed by AAA had driven in a sleep-deprived condition in the month prior to being surveyed. Young people reported such behavior in even greater numbers with nearly 40 percent of those between 19 and 24 years of age having driven while fatigued in the previous month.
The studies in question do not indicate what may have led to driving in a sleep-deprived state. However, many individuals don't realize that they are at risk until it is too late. A lack of a safe place to stop might prompt some drivers to continue on. In other cases, the length of the drive

########
Rank: 14
Score: 41.953445
Retrieved Text: Every year, drivers are rated on a wide variety of metrics, but one common occurrence is Texas drivers often score low in the national ratings. To gain a better perspective on why Texas can be dangerous for drivers, it helps to identify the problem areas. Understanding certain statistics can help Texas drivers know and avoid dangerous situations on the road.
The scores, which are found by a number of organizations including insurance companies and the National Safety Council, range from below average to the worst in all categories. They include information about standard driving conditions found in the United States. Some of the stats include real-life situations like average driving speed, distracted driving, and other reckless habits. Here is how Texas can be dangerous for drivers of all vehicles.
A reportable car accident occurred every 59 seconds in the state of Texas in 2017, according to the Texas Department of Transportation (TxDOT). Statistics show that many Texans love to drive fast and wait to brake until the last possible second. According to the safety app EverDrive, 40% of the state’s population inappropriately use their smartphone while driving. The app shows that many Texans drive more aggressively than in other states as well.
The results from a recent study by Car Insurance Comparison showed Texas drivers are some of the worst in the nation in the category of drunk driving. Some of the factors that could cause a drunk driving accident include ignoring traffic signals, speeding, and careless driving. Drunk drivers are dangerous and put everyone else on the road

########
Rank: 15
Score: 41.202003
Retrieved Text: Since the launch of ride-share apps such as Uber and Lyft have morphed the transport landscape of cities around the world, their effects on transportation, traditional taxis, and the sharing economy have been well documented.
But as opting for a ride has become easy access at the end of a long night, have the apps had a pivotal role in keeping drunk driving accidents from occurring?
Researchers at the University of Pennsylvania’s Perelman School of Medicine wanted to find out, looking at the use of ride-share apps on a case-by-cases in a handful of cities.
The results, it turns out, aren’t universal: while some areas saw a declination of drunk driving accidents since the dawn of rideshare, other cities showed differing data.
The study, published this month in the American Journal of Epidemiology, builds on previous studies that show mixed results for the role apps like Uber play in stopping people from driving while drunk. Alcohol is associated with a third of all vehicular fatalities in the U.S., according to Penn Medicine News.
Since Uber’s 2010 launch, it has conducted a reported two billion rides worldwide, and in 2015 Uber released a report claiming that its services had reduced drunk driving accidents.
Penn’s study, as well as previous independent studies, show mixed results, however.
Penn’s researchers looked at State Department of Transportation data pertaining to Las Vegas, Portland, OR, Reno, NV, and San Antonio. The study specifically studied the influence of Uber and no other ride-sharing apps.
The regions were selected because they had Uber launch, cease, and then later resume, giving Penn the

########
Rank: 16
Score: 41.09568
Retrieved Text: How serious is drowsy driving?
On behalf of Bender & Gritz, APLC posted in Car Accidents on Thursday, March 21, 2019.
From time to time, we all get tired during our normal waking hours. We might have had a late night out, had to work late or are just simply behind on sleep. Being exhausted is not uncommon in the busy lives of individuals in California and elsewhere; however, being exhausted behind the wheel is not acceptable. Driving while drowsy is dangerous and is the cause of numerous accidents each year.
How serious is drowsy driving? Based on current research, drowsy driving is more dangerous than previously thought. In fact, a recent study discovered that the actual number of car accidents caused by drowsy drivers is eight times more than the federal estimates for these types of crashes.
Based on the data collected in this research, it was found that around 35 percent of drivers get less than seven hours of sleep, which is the recommended minimum. And, while many believe that missing an hour or two of sleep is harmless, it can actually increase the risk of an automobile accident. It was found that missing just two to three hours of sleep can quadruple one's risk of being involved in an accident. This is equivalent to the risks associated with drunk driving.
Following a car accident, it is important to understand the cause of the crash. It may not be readily apparent at first; however, it is important to determine whether the driver involved was fatigued at the time. This

########
Rank: 17
Score: 40.695267
Retrieved Text: As a driver, being involved in an accident is the worst experience that you should avoid by all means. The percentage of people dying from auto accidents is on the rise and if something is not done to reduce the number of deaths from accidents then a lot of families are going to lose their loved ones. It is however sad to note that most of the auto accidents are as a result of careless driving. If only every driver was watchful while driving, the road accidents could be minimized. Observing the driving behaviors is an excellent way for the drivers to reduce the number of accidents on the roads. Irrespective of how experienced you feel behind the wheels, it is crucial for you to read the reviews on how to be safe on the roads while driving. It is always an amazing thing to take people safely in the vehicle to their places or the planned destination. Analyzed below are some of the most important tips for safe driving that will help you save lives while steering the vehicle.
It is a very big mistake to drive while drunk. A lot of accidents are caused by drivers who have been influenced by alcohol.Whether you have tasted alcohol or you have drunk a lot, you need to avoid by all means being behind the wheels. It is not only a bad idea to drive while drunk but it is breaking the laws.This is why you see traffic police on the roads with alcohol blow to measure the

########
Rank: 18
Score: 40.672333
Retrieved Text: There are a lot of distractions challenging us in modern life. There’s a pretty good chance you’re reading this article on your smartphone. That ever-present device is one likely prime culprit in your battle against distractedness.
Another major contributor to distraction? Lack of sleep. Brand new research on sleep deprivation looked specifically at how lack of sleep affects distractedness. In the largest study of its kind on sleep deprivation, scientists found that sleep deprived people have a much harder time rebounding from distractions than people who are well rested.
Distractedness can seem like a minor problem, not least because it happens to so many of us with such frequency. An incoming email pulls us away from completing a timely task at work. The blip of a news alert causes us to lose our place in an article or a book we’re reading. But distractedness is a real and serious issue, with costs to productivity, accuracy, and safety.
Here’s what the latest research has to say about how poor sleep may be contributing to your distraction.
This new research comes from scientists at Michigan State University, who looked specifically at the effect of sleep deprivation on people’s ability to complete a task that involves following directions and executing multiple steps. The study included 234 people, who came to the sleep lab in the evening. Between 10 p.m. and midnight, each of them worked individually on a procedural task that required several steps to complete. While they were working participants were periodically interrupted. These repeated distractions meant participants had to reacquaint themselves

########
Rank: 19
Score: 40.196033
Retrieved Text: If you have ever gotten behind the wheel of a car after having too little sleep, consider the following statistic. According to the National Sleep Foundation’s Sleep in America poll, 60 percent of Americans say that they have driven while drowsy, and 37 percent admit that they have fallen asleep at the wheel in the past year. When you combine those figures with the fact that the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration (NHTSA) estimates that over 100,000 car accidents are caused by drowsy driving each year, it is safe to say that this is cause for concern.
Unfortunately, drowsy driving is not generally taken as seriously as other issues like drunk driving or distracted driving. Unlike drunk driving or distracted driving, oftentimes people do not even realize that they are drowsy, or that their lack of sleep is impairing their ability to drive safely. Even if they feel tired, they do not consider it a reason to avoid driving. They may decide that they can simply power through, grab a cup of coffee, and they will be fine. Yet, statistics show that this is not always the case.
While not as widely known as being a significant cause of car accidents, the NHTSA reports that approximately 1,550 fatalities, 71,000 injuries, and $12.5 billion in monetary losses are caused by drowsy driving each year.
Unlike drunk driving, there is no test comparable to a breathalyzer that confirms whether a driver is drowsy.
Police receive little to no training on how to identify drowsiness as the cause of an accident.
Drowsiness may be

########
Rank: 20
Score: 39.98829
Retrieved Text: Ignition Interlock Devices May Reduce Fatal Drunk Driving Accidents | Jason R. Schultz P.C.
When a court convicts a driver for a DUI, it may require that driver install an ignition interlock device in his/her vehicles. These devices measure the driver’s blood alcohol content (BAC) and prevent the car from starting if the driver is under the influence. Ignition interlock device laws vary by state, but a recent study suggests that mandatory interlock laws have helped reduce the number of fatal drunk driving accidents.
The study, published in the American Journal of Preventive Medicine, focused on the impact of ignition interlock laws on the rate of fatal drunk driving accidents.
Researchers from Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health and the Colorado School of Public Health analyzed fatal accidents involving alcohol from 1982 to 2013 and compared pre- and post- interlock law accident data from the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration’s Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS). They also made sure to control for other traffic safety laws and accident trends.
After analyzing the data, the researchers studied whether interlock laws impacted the number of fatal crashes that occurred. The study showed that there was a seven percent decrease in fatal accidents involving a driver with a BAC over 0.08 and an eight percent decrease in fatal accidents involving drivers with a BAC of 0.15 or higher.
Researchers predict that ignition interlock devices have prevented close to 1,250 drunk driving accidents in mandatory states since 1993 (the year Oregon implemented mandatory interlock laws). As of March 2016, 25 states have implemented mandatory

########
Rank: 21
Score: 39.85058
Retrieved Text: From the Richard B. Troutman, P.A. with locations in Winter Park and Orlando, Florida, our personal injury law firm is devoted to helping afflicted people of traffic accidents along with a broad range of accidents relating to car accidents and also slip and fall. Winter Park, Florida, accident attorney Richard Troutman provides in excess of three decades experience of car or truck law, possessing privately handled 10,000 vehicle accident lawsuits during his life.
Don’t be enticed by insurance agency tricks. A person’s circumstance may be worth more than you even understand. Bear in mind, it’s not necessarily your initial health care costs as well as missed income you have to concern yourself with immediately after a major accident. Forfeited future earnings, future therapy and also suffering and pain are some of the actual harms you may be eligible for obtain. A victim should have a flexible Orlando and Winter Park, FL injury attorney who’s efficiently taken care of various forms of injuries.
Many people who would never get behind the wheel after drinking might think nothing of driving while fatigued. A new study, however, finds that sleepy drivers are almost as dangerous as drunk drivers.
The study from France and published as a letter in the Archives of Internal Medicine, found that drunk drivers and fatigued drivers were at least twice as likely to be responsible for a car accident compared to drivers who were either sober or well rested.
As a personal injury attorneys in Oklahoma City, Dan Davis has seen how devastating an accident caused by a fatigued

########
Rank: 22
Score: 39.82318
Retrieved Text: Getting more sleep in the new year may be more important that you think: a new study from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) estimates that 15% to 33% of fatal crashes involve tired drivers.
We may be familiar with the dangers of drunk driving, but according to an article on CNN.com, drowsy driving can be just as deadly. When we are sleep-deprived, it slows our reaction time and we could hit something we might otherwise avoid.
The CDC looked at data from a 2009-2010 national behaviorial telephone survey of more than 147,000 respondents. About 4.2% of those respondents said that they had fallen sleep while driving at least once during the last month. That works out to be one out of every 24 people.
But other reports provide similar findings. A 2005 National Sleep Foundation poll reported that 60% of drivers had driven while drowsy in the previous year. A national telephone survey in 2010 by the AAA Foundation for Traffic Safety reported that 40% of people surveyed said they had “fallen asleep or nodded off” while driving at some point in their lives.
The CDC report said that men are more likely than women to report falling asleep while driving. Men are more likely than women to have sleep disorfers, like sleep apnea. Men are also less likely to regularly get enough sleep.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 39.800236
Retrieved Text: TYREDD, (Tyler Raising Education for Drowsy Driving) is a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization whose mission is to raise awareness and provide education for the prevention of drowsy driving and the tragedies that can follow. Founded by Kerrie Warne in memory of her son, Tyler Warne, who was killed in an accident after falling asleep at the wheel.
AAA study in 2016 showed a driver who has slept for less than five hours has a crash risk comparable to someone driving drunk. Drivers missing 2-3 hours of sleep in a 24 hour period more than quadrupled crash risk compared to drivers getting seven hours of sleep. The AAA Foundation report found that in a 24-hour period, crash risk for sleep-deprived drivers increased steadily when compared to drivers who slept the recommended seven hours or more.
TyREDD (pronounced “tired”) focuses on awareness and education about driving drowsy, and how doing so can impact people’s lives forever. TyREDD is a 501(C)(3) Non-profit organization and all donations are tax deductible. Your donation will help fund the hard costs for TYREDD presentations and cross-country travel. Your donations are greatly appreciated, and talking to your kids about the dangers of driving drowsy is even more cherished.
percent of people aged 18 – 29!

########
Rank: 24
Score: 39.776226
Retrieved Text: By David Gold of The Gold Law Firm posted in Auto Accidents on Tuesday, January 17, 2017.
Driving is an inherently dangerous activity. No matter how hard we work to mitigate the associated risks, there is always a possibility of some type of accident happening. This has been particularly noticeable for many Tennessee drivers for the last year.
On behalf of The Gold Law Firm posted in Car Accidents on Friday, September 18, 2015.
By now, most drivers in the United States should know that distracted driving is a killer. Numerous studies have shown that distracted driving -- and particularly texting while driving -- can be just as dangerous as operating a motor vehicle while drunk.
On behalf of The Gold Law Firm posted in Car Accidents on Monday, June 10, 2013.
Distracted driving increases the risk of being in a car accident. While many news reports have focused on the impact cellphone use has on car accidents, a new study specifically looked at the risk distracted driving may have on a driver running a red light.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 39.650764
Retrieved Text: Sleep inertia refers to the feeling of grogginess most people experience after awakening. Sleep inertia can last from 1 minute to 4 hours, but typically lasts 15-30 minutes. During this period, you are at a reduced level of capacity and may have trouble doing even simple everyday actions. The level of impairment can be serious. Tests of simple arithmetic ability have found people are often 5 standards deviation below the average during the sleep inertia period.
Usually people fully “wake up” in a half hour at most. For many, the morning routine of a shower or making coffee helps them through the inertial sleep inertia period.
If someone has been very sleep deprived or has been woken from a deep sleep stage, the sleep inertia can be more severe than normal and may take longer to overcome. People should try to be aware of their sleep inertia and compensate for it. It has been shown that a person’s self “performance monitoring” – which usually catches errors – is off during periods of sleep inertia. Prophylactic naps are recommended for people in critical jobs where they must be awake during normal sleep time. When people wake up from naps they often experience sleep inertia.
Drowsy driving – a lot of drowsy driving accidents happen early in the morning – not when the driver has been up too long, but when he or she has recently awoken and is still suffering from sleep inertia. Sleep inertia in a driver behind the wheel can be very dangerous as the impairment of motor

########
Rank: 26
Score: 39.55814
Retrieved Text: OCEAN CITY, N.J., Oct. 9, 2006 -- A group of young friends in New Jersey have taken designated driving to a whole new level. They bought their own bus to stay safe when they go out on the town.
A suspected drunk driver fleeing a hit-and-run accident ran a red light and struck another vehicle, killing two people and injuring a pedestrian, a Los Angeles police spokesman said Sunday.
It looks like scientists have hammered yet another nail into the coffin of the ridiculous War on Drugs. Researchers at Scripps Research Institute have announced that their investigation of the chemical processes in the brain which cause Alzheimers disease, have resulted in evidence that the active ingredient in marijuana has a significant impact in reducing the progression of the disease.
CBS is looking to unveil its midseason medical drama "3 Lbs." earlier than expected, sources said.
THE Scottish Football Association will treat any discussions with referee Alan Freeland over the controversial Bank of Scotland Premierleague game between Hibernian and Falkirk at the weekend as an internal matter.
Does human contact help people live longer?
Las Vegas, NV -- The Las Vegas Venom are pleased to release their 2006-2007 season schedule. The season kicks off for the Venom on November 11th against the Hollywood Fame at Spring Valley High School.
Here is an article on - drunk driving stories.
This article or section does not drunkdriving cite its references or sources.
Driving under the influence of alcohol, drunk driving, or drink-driving, is drunk drving the act of operating a motor vehicle (and sometimes dunk driving a bicycle

########
Rank: 27
Score: 39.544937
Retrieved Text: 1) Speeding. Car accidents involving young Florida drivers often include speeding. In 2005, a study conducted by the National Institutes of Health found that teen drivers tend to drive 1.3 mph than drivers of other age groups. Younger drivers sometimes feel invincible or lack the experience to keep track of their speed. As well, many drivers do not yet have the driving skills to deal with sudden obstacles at high speeds, making them more likely to be in a collision when they do exceed the speed limit.
2) Distracted driving. A 2007 survey by State Farm Insurance found that half of teen drivers admitted to talking on their cell phones while driving. A 2006 Virginia Tech survey found that distracted driving contributed to nearly 80% of traffic accidents. Other studies have concluded that texting while driving is as dangerous as drunk driving.
3) Timid driving. While some young Florida drivers speed, others feel uncertain behind the wheel and drive too slowly or uncertainty. This, too, can lead to a car accident or bicycle accident. Going too slowly on exit ramps or highways or hesitating when changing lanes can slow down traffic and cause dangerous bottlenecks.
4) Risk-taking. Teen drivers will sometimes take risks – such as failing to slow down in bad weather or failing to check blind spots. Such risk-taking leads to Florida pedestrian accidents, car accidents, and other types of accidents. Studies conducted by Cornell and Stanford researchers have found that teen minds seem more predisposed to risk-taking and impulsive action.
5) Brining too many passengers. Your drivers

########
Rank: 28
Score: 39.474236
Retrieved Text: June is National Safety Awareness Month, and during the following weeks, the National Safety Council will be working to raise awareness about making safety a priority. This includes fostering conversations about common preventable accidents that injure and kill Americans, as well as tips and resources for everyone to use when doing their part to avoid them.
Preventable causes of auto wrecks – Car accidents are a leading cause of accidents and injuries in the U.S., and many of them are entirely preventable. By focusing on common causes of auto accidents – including distracted driving, drunk driving, and speeding – motorists can learn about the extreme risks these forms of negligence can pose, why it’s important to avoid them, and how they can take steps to make the task of driving their primary concern.
Drowsy driving – New studies and research have led to a greater focus on fatigued and drowsy driving, which has been found to pose risks equivalent to drunk driving. In fact, AAA has reported that missing even a few hours of sleep creates crash risks similar to drivers who are legally intoxicated. Avoiding drowsy driving is not always a simple task, but it can be done when motorists focus on getting adequate amounts of sleep and avoiding risky driving when they are too tired to do so safely.
Road work safety – Roads and highways are constantly being improved, repaired, and expanded, especially on highly traveled California roads. Because work zones do create unique risks, including slowed and congested traffic, it bears reminding that drivers have

########
Rank: 29
Score: 38.97681
Retrieved Text: On behalf of Maples, Nix & Diesselhorst posted in drunk driving accidents on Friday, October 9, 2015.
Driving under the influence of alcohol has always been at the forefront of traffic safety concerns. While it remains a big deal and likely won't change anytime soon, the American public may have to learn to deal with the new threat of driving while drugged. According to a recent study, this new threat joins drunk driving at the top of traffic safety concerns.
The National Highway Safety Administration has released new numbers showing that cases of driving while impaired by marijuana and other drugs is increasing. The study, which was in the form of surveys done road side, collected saliva and blood samples of drivers. The findings were alarming to say the least. Not only was the overall number of drivers under the influence of drugs in 2014 up roughly 3 percent from those seven years prior, about 38 percent of drivers responsible for fatal accidents were found with impairing drugs in their system.
Marijuana was the drug most commonly found in drivers tested. However, amphetamines were also commonly detected. This class of stimulants includes many legal substances like nasal decongestants and ADHD medication but also includes many illegal substances like the common methamphetamine. Other drugs detected were prescription painkillers and cocaine, although not at the same alarming levels as marijuana.
Independent researchers that were part of the study suggest that while drunk driving has decreased over the last decade, drugged driving may be taking its place. This could partly be due to

================



======= Instance Index 1433 =========
Input Text: John tried his best to care for Kate, but Kate kept throwing herself into danger.  He couldn't stand her what for her own safety?
Choose the most suitable option to answer the above question.
Options:
- unfeeling
- disregard
- indifferent
- neglect
- apathetic

Target Text: disregard

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 56.784878
Retrieved Text: 45-year-old ‘Underworld’ actress KATE Beckinsale was spotted cozying up to her much younger boyfriend, 25-year-old SNL comedian Pete Davidson, after a stand-up show he put on in Los Angeles last night.
Beckinsale and Pete were then seeing leaving the venue together and she tried her best to shield her face from the paparazzi, but she still got snapped!
A source says of the two’s time together: “They were being very flirty together, they were sitting very close on the outside patio seating. Kate had her hand on his knee, and she kept laughing at all his jokes.” Take a look at photos of Kate Beckinsale and Pete Davidson below and let us know: ARE THEY THE NEXT PRIYANKA CHOPRA AND NICK JONAS? DO YOU LIKE THEM TOGETHER? Kate once posted a joke about her name, calling herself KATE BAKING SALE. More on that here.
Previous Article Rihanna Gets Upset at Man on First Class Flight For Wanting to Watch the Super Bowl!

########
Rank: 1
Score: 48.480804
Retrieved Text: A minute later, Kate returned with her cap shoved on her head, her eyes red. Spencer said quietly, “My car’s this way.” As much as he wanted to, he wanted to hold Kate’s hand, but regulations wouldn’t allow it unless they were out of uniform. He stuffed his left hand in his pocket, the other holding his keys which he didn’t feel like spinning on his finger. He would miss his friend and the memories and jokes they shared. But he knew things would change after he finally told Kate what John could not. And he dreaded that conversation like a root canal.
The drive was silent as a cave minus the dripping. Not even the radio was on. Spencer couldn’t remember when or why he had turned it off. He didn’t bother turning it back on. He still had weepy eyes and wasn’t in the mood for music. Somehow silence seemed fitting.
Instead of driving straight to her apartment, Spencer drove to the park nearby where he sometimes jogged on Saturday mornings. He wasn’t sure he could trust himself to be alone with Kate in their grief. Though he had always had feelings for Kate, he saw early on that Kate had eyes for John. He backed off, and tried to think of other things, but he saw her almost every day, which made life difficult. Now with John gone, he felt guilty. He just couldn’t win. He turned the engine off and put the windows half-way down. Kate, with tears still falling, hadn’t noticed Spencer had

########
Rank: 2
Score: 47.427013
Retrieved Text: Vogue have finally published the photos we have been waiting for... and what stunningly beautiful photos they are! Mario Testino's soft-focus shots of Kate Moss and Jamie Hince's wedding day capture all the magic and romance of the occasion - appearing more like scenes from A Midsummer Night's Dream.
Kate herself wanted to recreate the decadence of the roaring '20s, and tasked her long-time friend John Galliano with the job of designing the all important dress.
Needless to say it has been a difficult year for the designer since his arrest back in February, but he told US Vogue how work on Kate's dress had helped him: 'She dared me to be John Galliano again. I couldn't pick up a pencil. It's been my creative rehab.' The exquisite outcome was inspired by the Jazz Age photographs of novelist Zelda Fitzgerald. The whole effect is quite simply beautiful.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 47.423832
Retrieved Text: This year it was like any other day. The year before both she and Will had had the day off and they'd spent it together, doing all the Valentine's Day clichés. But now Will was in Boston and she was alone so today she was working her way through the mountain of paper work in her in tray. She'd even offered to do the boys for them, just so she didn't dwell on memories of today.
At one point she caught herself staring into space, remembering Valentine's Day when she was younger, before her mother had been killed by random gang violence. Every year without fail her dad would make pancakes for both Kate and her mother, even the years when Johanna had been in the middle of a big case and had been up all night working, there was always pancakes to be had. She shook her head and turned her attention back to the file on her desk.
She managed maybe two more pages before she gave up completely. She couldn't concentrate and guessed that the fact the case was a stabbing in an alley wasn't helping her ignore the memories from the first eighteen years of her life.
She looked around and saw that the bull pen was mostly empty; lots of people have taken a day off today to be with their other half's because it was a Sunday so a lot of the partners had had the day off as well. Anyone left in the bull pen was going through paper work, like Kate

########
Rank: 4
Score: 47.398834
Retrieved Text: Fourteen-year-old Kate's traditional first day at Wildwood Lake Park couldn't get any worse. Besides problems with her best friend and the obnoxious, but cute, boy from school named Tommy, there's the new haunted carousel ride. When Kate goes for a spin, she finds herself transported back in time and into the body of a ghost named Isabelle, circa 1928. Isabelle's husband carved the horse, and the rumor is that he also murdered Isabelle.
Back in the present, Kate teams up with Tommy to solve the mystery of how Isabelle died, even if it means more terrifying rides on the carousel. As the investigation goes on, Kate finds herself growing closer to Isabelle than she is with Meghan. So when the carousel is slated to be dismantled for the park museum, Kate hurries to solve the mystery before Isabelle is doomed to wander the park--and Kate's dreams--forever.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 47.114914
Retrieved Text: Captain Kate Scott oversees the Enclave security and she’s dedicated herself completely to the job. Protecting the survivors of the alien invasion and keeping her young soldiers safe is important to Kate but she also longs for someone that can be just hers. However, Kate knows she’s not a passionate woman — after all her ex-fiancee told her so — and she doesn’t have time for dating or hooking up when the human race’s survival is on the line.
Kate was one badass woman and I respect how much of herself she puts into her work. It’s clear that she cares for her soldiers as if they were her own children and she’s so dedicated to keeping them safe; their pain is her pain. Kate has spent her adult life convincing herself she’s not destined for passion and now that she’s over 40 years old she feels it’s not something she should focus on even though she’s feeling lonely.
When Kate is forced to spend time with the Enclave’s weapons expert, Manu Rahia, she can’t help but be attracted and her sudden attack of hormones is surprising and unwanted. Manu, however, is fascinated by Kate and wants to get to know her more. He respects her dedication to her work and he sees the passionate woman she’s keeping locked down. I really loved ex-berserker Manu who has a prosthetic leg after a raptor attack left him on the brink of death. He’s not as confident in himself as he appears so I liked the more vulnerable moments where

########
Rank: 6
Score: 46.892536
Retrieved Text: CM Magazine: The Hungry Year.
"Ryan," she said. "Could you take care of Alex while I go into the woods and cut a little bark from the trees?" She knew that people back in Albany used to make beer from the bark of spruce trees. Her father claimed it kept them from getting scurvy. "If we could boil a little bark in water, it might taste nice."
Ryan made a face. "I don't think I'd like it, Kate. I'd rather keep drinking the sugar water."
Kate did not have the heart to tell him that the sugar would soon be gone. She put a log on the fire and dressed in her warmest clothes. "Now you must not come outside. And don't let Alex come out if he wakes up. You watch from the window. I'll keep right in sight - most of the time, anyway."
Ryan stood by the door, watching her closely. "I don't think this is a good idea, Kate," he said. His bottom lip quivered.
Kate squatted down and wrapped both arms around him. "I'll not go far. You can watch me from the window."
"But what if a bear or a wolf comes out of the forest? What will you do then, Kate?"
This novel is solid historical fiction based on events in Canadian Loyalists' lives as they struggle through the winter of 1787, close to starvation. It is a pleasure to include the story of 12-year-old Kate, her younger four year old twin brothers and her grieving father in the cache of Canadian books that support the

########
Rank: 7
Score: 46.575333
Retrieved Text: They crossed into Swiss airspace early the next morning. Kate prodded Grant awake.
"Look!" she said, then she smiled as she watched his expression as he gazed out of the window. Lake Geneva glistened below them, the surrounding mountains framing it like a painting, the city growing out from its banks.
"Wow!" Grant breathed. "It's the most beautiful place I've ever seen."
The plane landed, and as they taxied, Kate hurried to tidy herself up. The flight attendant took a wet washcloth and scrubbed Kate's face.
"You look rumpled. You don't want to make a bad impression."
She handed Kate her clothes that had been hung up to relax any wrinkles. Kate slipped into a sheer blouse tucked into a high-waisted pencil skirt and velvet black flats. She pinned her hair into a casual bun at the nape of her neck and freshened her makeup.
"Grant, come here," she said.
He obliged. Grant looked disheveled. Kate could already feel the sneers that were going to come their way.
Stefan had packed black slacks and a white shirt for Grant and a pair of leather shoes. When Grant was dressed, he looked like someone's security detail. Kate tried to fluff out his short-cropped hair but eventually gave up. The captain came out of the cockpit and watched as Kate and Wendy tried to stuff Grant's massive arms in one of the jackets Stefan had sent.
"Nothing you're going to be able to do about him," the captain said with a smirk. "That man looks like an American."
"And a damn fine specimen at that!" Kate said, giving

########
Rank: 8
Score: 46.557243
Retrieved Text: Days of Our Lives (DOOL) spoilers tease that Kate (Lauren Koslow) is going to face some surprising developments in her plot against Titan. Kate’s the mastermind behind Leo’s (Greg Rikaart) bogus sexual harassment lawsuit against Sonny (Freddie Smith). The plan? Cause turmoil and pave the way for herself to waltz right in as Titan’s new CEO.
So far, Kate’s plan is working well and Titan is indeed in turmoil. Upon learning of the sexual harassment lawsuit, Victor (John Aniston) promptly fired Sonny. And Brady (Eric Martsolf) refused to take the CEO position, due to his anger toward Victor over the Theresa (Jen Lilley) situation. Titan needs a new CEO, and it’s only a matter of time before Kate positions herself as the best candidate for the job.
Unfortunately for Kate, there’s going to be a major development involving Leo that will threaten her little scheme. Days spoilers say that Leo will devise a plan of his own against Kate. What could he possibly be planning? Kate has promised Leo a big payout eventually, but maybe Leo will want more money than Kate has promised. Or he may be getting impatient and want part of his payout right now. This would certainly complicate things for Kate, as she doesn’t have many resources right now.
Another possibility is that it’s not about money for Leo. Perhaps he’s feeling guilty over his role in bringing Sonny down. He seemed to really like Sonny at one point, so he may be feeling bad about his deception. Leo might decide that coming clean would

########
Rank: 9
Score: 45.45598
Retrieved Text: Not bad considering the massive headache I have.
Kate and the man were exchanging a dangerous arrangement of emotions. While Kate was imagining daggers flying through the air towards his body, the man was very conscious of the nearby patrol of police cars screeching passed. The man’s face had gone glacially white. Kate was burning up with anger and rage: not only had she been hijacked by someone attempting a crime, but he was already on the run! An armed man and dangerous man with a gun.
No one was within eavesdropping distance.
“There are children nearby!” Kate was outraged.
Kate huffed, stomping towards the car.
“I hate you,” she muttered, switching on the ignition when they were both back inside the car.
“The open road!” The man raised his hands in gesture as she turned out of the carpark.
Kate indicated left and accelerated back into the highway, in the exact opposite direction of the city.
The man sat back in the passenger seat, hands behind his head. His gun was once again visible from inside his jacket. Kate found herself staring at it from the corner of her eye. The car swayed every now and then the more it distracted her. The man had his eyes closed, she could make a grab for it? If it went off, it was pointed at his body – there wouldn’t be any great loss?
“It’s not,” the man said quite simply.
“Not what?” Kate returned her attention the road, as if it had never wavered.
“Yes I am – see I’m doing it – I’m doing it now!”

########
Rank: 10
Score: 45.3497
Retrieved Text: When Ireney’s best friend Kate decided to get married, she was overjoyed with gladness for her. Kate had finally found the perfect man for her and was so excited to be marrying him. The two women began making plans, spending hours on the phone and internet together. Kate’s dream dress was discovered on the internet, a lovely silk velvet gown with laces up the back, fit for a medieval queen. Absolutely gorgeous. The bridesmaid’s dresses were also of a medieval nature with long gold flowing sleeves.
A whirlwind of planning and shopping activities followed along with some tearful, stressed out moments as the big day grew closer. This was such an important time in Kate’s life that it was important to Ireney too. She was as close to Kate as if she were her sister and it was an honor for Ireney to be a part of her wedding. Ireney took her duties very seriously and wanted to be the best matron of honor ever. She studied up on her duties and wedding etiquette so as to do everything properly.
John-Wayne even got a little excited and announced his intention to wear his new blue suit jacket purchased from Walmart. Many details were discussed among the women along with some squeals of delight as the rustic elegant wedding decor and clothing were decided upon. This was to be a very tasteful garden wedding with a medieval flavor. Kate had some friends whom were chef’s and had volunteered to barbecue tri tip and salmon along with asparagus spears. Lemonade

########
Rank: 11
Score: 45.255516
Retrieved Text: Zoe frowned at Aaron upon seeing his rude behavior at her sister’s wedding. Did he think he could do anything at all just because he’s a multimillionaire? Zoe tried to teach Aaron a lesson, but she ultimately lost herself to his charm and ended up in his bed! It was supposed to be just another memory until she realized she was pregnant. When Aaron learned about it, he asked Zoe to give up their baby. Shocked at the suggestion, Zoe left…but Aaron decided to follow her.
Kate Hewitt has worked a variety of different jobs, from drama teacher to editorial assistant to youth worker, but writing romance is the best one yet. She also writes women's fiction and all her stories celebrate the healing and redemptive power of love. Kate lives in a tiny village in the English Cotswolds with her husband, five children, and an overly affectionate Golden Retriever.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 44.928223
Retrieved Text: Olivia can’t stand by and let her maddening, disapproving father hang. To prove his innocence – and learn his secrets – she must work with a master spy. The search for clues takes Olivia to the continent and the Kent countryside, Hastings and London, pushing her deeper into the world of danger and deception.
Kate Parker grew up in Washington, D C, spent several years along the Carolina coast, and now finds herself in the Colorado front range. All the time, she has been busy plotting to spend more time in her favorite city, London, where her books are set. So far, she hasn’t been able to build a time machine, so she has to visit historical sites and books to immerse herself in the details of life in bygone days.
2019 will see the publication of her fourth Deadly Series book, Deadly Deception, as well as a novella, The Mystery at Chadwick House. Chadwick House will both be for sale at the usual retailers plus given away to the readers of her newsletter. It is her first contemporary mystery. Later in the year, Kate plans on publishing the second Milliner Mystery. Her daughter has informed her this year she will also become the servant of a large, exuberant dog.
Btsemag has new advertising rates check them out.
Anne Parker’s novels are captivating, unique and intriguing. Thanks for this wonderful feature and giveaway. The historicals are so enjoyable and special.
I really enjoyed the description of the book. Looking forward to reading “Deadly Deception”.
Thanks you for being part of the book

########
Rank: 13
Score: 44.90808
Retrieved Text: Jeff Shelby's Killer Swell is the first in a new series featuring detective Noah Braddock. Noah lives in San Diego and in this episode, he works with his friend Carter to find Jeff's missing ex-girlfriend, Kate Crier.
Noah hasn't seen Kate since high school, having graduated over ten years ago. She broke off their relationship before heading to the East Coast for college, while Noah stayed behind. As the book opens, he is approached by Kate's mother Marilyn to find her missing daughter. What Noah doesn't expect to find soon after their meeting is Kate's corpse stuffed into the trunk of a car. As Noah (with Carter's help) gets closer to the truth behind Kate's death, he runs into a great deal of danger as he finds clues leading to Mexican drug lords, and wonders if Kate found herself in a whole new world after they parted years before - though he finds it hard to believe that his Kate could have been involved with drugs, let alone drug trafficking.
Jeff Shelby makes a good start to his series with a very fast and entertaining read in Killer Swell. Having lived in the area for the past six years, the backdrop of San Diego was an added delight for me, and I'm looking forward to Noah Braddock's next adventure.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 44.812004
Retrieved Text: This week’s This is Us episode began with a depressed Rebecca and ended with an angry Randall, with plenty of drama and emotion in between. How did Rebecca handle her depression and what caused Randall to be so upset? Find out in this week’s This is Us recap. As always, if you have not watched yet, this article contains plenty of spoilers for episode 2.
As the episode begins, Rebecca is alone in her new kitchen. She is looking at mail that has been forwarded from their old house that burned down. Randall walks in and she hands him a letter from Howard University. He is nervous to open it but she says that rejection letters don’t usually come in envelopes that are so thick. He opens the envelope and finds out that he got into Howard, as Rebecca expected he would. She is very proud of him. Kate walks in and once she hears what happened she congratulates her brother. Rebecca tells her that she will probably hear from Berklee, the college of music that Kate applied to, soon but Kate avoids the subject and grabs a Pop Tart for breakfast. Her mother says she was going to make them veggie omelets but Kate just tells her that she is already eating and they need more Pop Tarts. Rebecca does not argue. She and Kate seem to be just going through the motions of an ordinary morning and she leaves the room to make sure Kevin is awake.
Back in the present, Randall is picking up Tess,

########
Rank: 15
Score: 44.80921
Retrieved Text: Dogs are sent here to help humans learn to love and be loved.
but most of the time we get as much love back as we give.
It was the perfect arrangement. Kate had driven the 20 hours to meet Immy. She extended her stay in a small rustic cabin at Ma's Loma Cafe in Loma Montana. Brian Wood, Immy's owner, was willing to allow her to take Immy on a trial for the rest of the week. At the end of the week, Kate could decide whether or not she wanted to take Immy home.
Immy is lovely and sweet, but very timid. There was an episode on their first walk together. Kate still has a scar on her hand from when they were walking along the river under the underpass. It seems a car drove by overhead and at that same moment Kate's foot struck a rough spot on the path and it all startled Immy so much that Immy bolted and pulled Kate down onto the gravel path. Kate got on her knees in front of Immy to talk with her; reassure her. She reached out to pet Immy and Immy bolted again. She caught Kate totally off guard and ended up dragging Kate several feet through the gravel.
"Wow," Kate exclaimed, startled and in pain. "I'm not sure this is going to work out." I was surprised that Kate seemed to feel so defeated after this incident. It was just one incident of a dog bringing it's old fear into the new situation. I understood Immy

########
Rank: 16
Score: 44.45488
Retrieved Text: The tradition of the “abduction wedding” stretched all the way back to Brehon times. By the eighteenth and early nineteenth century they became a common feature of life in Ireland. Between 1802 and 1816, there were 52 reports of abduction in County Tipperary alone. An abduction involved the kidnapping of a woman, who was typically well off. The abduction would lead to the loss of her reputation and she was often forced to marry her abductor. Unsurprisingly, not all of these kidnapping attempts were successful.
Limerick was not immune to these marriages by abduction. In December 1718, the home of Rebecca White of Cappagh in County Limerick was raided by Thomas Fitzgerald of Ballyscreen, along with eighteen armed associates. Rebecca was a wealthy orphan residing in her own house on her own property. The gang abducted the young woman and took her to County Limerick where she was married to Fitzgerald by an unregistered priest. She was then taken on a five day journey, during which her new husband tried to keep ahead of those looking to benefit from the £200 reward offered for his capture. Although we do not know what happened to Rebecca following this ordeal it was not unlikely that she remained married to Fitzgerald, as both the civil and religious authorities regarded her marriage as legally binding. Her only other option was to bring her case to court and hope that her evidence would result in a death sentence for Fitzgerald. Very few abductees were willing to go through the interrogation of a

########
Rank: 17
Score: 44.375225
Retrieved Text: For the moment, Kate continued to work like a robot and took little notice of what was going on around her. She knew that there was a little girl several states away waiting for her to pick her up. But she just couldn’t deal with it. Every time she thought about it, it made her insides quake like Jell-O.
At home, after each shift, she took out pictures of her and John and wiped away tears at what could have been. She thought about all the times John looked like he had something to say or had a secret. Now she knew what it was. And it made her so sick, she couldn’t think straight.
Spencer had been gone on his TDY for several days already and Kate was used to being alone. Kelly had tried talking to her one day, but she blew her off. Kate had no desire to discuss the situation. Jen worked in supply and their schedules hardly coincided. Kate had a week of night duty coming up and she was looking forward to it. Most nights were pretty quiet until the weekend when some partied too hard and did stupid things.
Kelly, Jen, and Spencer met for lunch on the Friday before Spencer had to leave for a couple week’s training in Colorado. They met at the bowling alley where they ordered the daily special which was a taco salad. They chatted at their table, while the line to order from the Spare Time Grille grew longer. They’d gotten there just before the lunch

########
Rank: 18
Score: 44.332096
Retrieved Text: Around 1911 or 1912, John Walker came to [Kruger] mountain. Born in Iowa, John had spent some time driving freight team for General Custer, and had then tried wheat farming in the Palouse. The dry years sent him north looking for more fertile land. He had a fine team of young mares, Black Kate and Gray Kate, of which he was very proud, and a Great Dane dog. His cabin he built around a big tree stump, which he used as a table until it rotted away. The cabin had a dirt floor, a sod roof, openings for windows, which served to let out the smoke since he seldom kept the lids on his stove, but in which he put cardboard when the weather was bad. John was a scant five feet tall and weighed no more than 120 pounds. The full-grown dog weighed around 135 or 140 pounds. When the meal was cooked and on the table, the dog would not let John near the table, and John did not eat until the dog was through. Sometimes there would be nothing left, and John would have to cook a second meal, or if the dog was really hungry, a third meal, before he got something to eat. It was no use attempting to bar the dog out, because he would jump in through the windows. There were two bunks built against one wall of the cabin. John always had to take the top one since the dog would beat him to the lower one. These

########
Rank: 19
Score: 44.16132
Retrieved Text: Kate loves her cheerios. All you have to do is place some cheerios in front of her and she becomes enamored with eating them. She is in her own little world – there is a method to her madness – not sure what it is, but she definitely has a system when it comes to her Cheerios. It is the cutest thing to watch. Here is my new favorite picture….Enjoy!
Kate is crawling…I can not think of something more great than watching Kate crawl to something she wants.
There is a video below of Kate crawling….take a look!
Kate is the definition of life ….
Kate is the love of my life. Yes, she is my daughter and she is an amazing being…but every time I interact with her she teaches me something about life – and that makes everything stop.
I don’t get to see Kate that often, but when I do she make life stand still.
The last time I saw Kate (on Saturday, April 25th, 2009 – she was excited about the day. She was ready with a smile and a laugh, but she feel asleep as soon as I placed her in the car. She slept through our walk through Ohio State’s beautiful campus. Even when the sun got in her eyes (and dad placed his hands up to prevent the sun from interrupting her sleep, she noticed the sun then went back to sleep. She slept through the crowds at the horseshoe (ohio states ginormous football stadium) as throngs of fans screamed for their favorite team. She

########
Rank: 20
Score: 44.079983
Retrieved Text: No one ever said that filmmaking was easy, only that it could be very good and sometimes enduring, as in “The Quiet Man”, starring John Wayne and Maureen O’Hara with legendary Director John Ford.
Like a lot of great films, The Quiet Man is a story of the conflict and conquest in the courtship of a man and a woman. A woman determined to get her way, a brother determined to keep his sister from the man she loves, and a man determined to win the heart of the woman he marries.
Irish-born Sean Thornton (John “Duke” Wayne) is an American who swears off being a professional fighter after accidentally killing an opponent in the ring.
Returning to the Irish town of his birth, he starts a new life and finds happiness when he falls in love with the fiery Mary Kate Danaher (Maureen O’Hara).
Mary Kate’s brother, Will “Red” Danaher (Victor McLaglen) stands in their way. Without her brother’s permission, she cannot marry Sean. The male dominance in Irish culture during this period is evident. Women were to obey, period.
Red Danaher resents the fact that Sean was able to purchase his birth home adjacent to the Danaher’s property. Danaher had continually bid for the property next door but lost out to the American “newcomer” and outsider.
Eventually Danaher is duped into letting Sean marry Mary Kate, but initially he refuses to let Mary Kate take her inheritance (furniture and a dowry). The villagers persuade Red to give Mary Kate her furniture, but he stands fast on the dowry.
For Mary Kate

########
Rank: 21
Score: 43.804916
Retrieved Text: After checking her list, the lady lifted her head and said, "After our deliberation, we concluded that all of you passed the interview and would move on to the job offer. You are all expected to attend a training at 8:00 in the morning the day after tomorrow. It will be for a whole day and you will be paid. In total, you will be paid the rate of equivalent to four days - one day for training and three days on the actual exhibition. Hope all is clear. Anyway, further details will be discussed on your formal job offer." The lady glanced over all the candidates, waiting for some questions. When none was raised, she glanced over Aria and directly told her, "You can go home now. Don't be late be for the training schedule."
Aria smiled and nodded at the lady. She watched the lady as she walked back to the room. Aria headed to the job offer, signed a contract, and left the building. As she was coming out of the building, she saw that it was still early. She could still head to the market to pick something for her mother's meal the next day.
's life. There were instructions being passed around among the doctors and nurses, but all Greg could hear was the beeping of the monitor device attached to the patient's body. It was as if all other noises were cancelled out.
Greg was anxious. 'They must save her no matter what it costs, ' he thought to himself. He was praying

########
Rank: 22
Score: 43.754745
Retrieved Text: After years of fending for herself, Kate Taylor found friendship and acceptance in Spindle Cove—but she never stopped yearning for love. The very last place she&apos;d look for it is in the arms of Corporal Thorne. The militia commander is as stone cold as he is brutally handsome. But when mysterious strangers come searching for Kate, Thorne steps forward as her fiancé. He claims to have only Kate&apos;s safety in mind. So why is there smoldering passion in his kiss?
Long ago, Samuel Thorne devoted his life to guarding Kate&apos;s happiness. He wants what&apos;s best for her, and he knows it&apos;s not marriage to a man like him. To outlast their temporary engagement, he must keep his hands off her tempting body and lock her warm smiles out of his withered heart. It&apos;s the toughest battle of this hardened warrior&apos;s life . . . and the first he seems destined to lose.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 43.56507
Retrieved Text: They had been dating for over a year now getting to know each other and settling into their relationship. To the outside world they appeared to be like any other loving couple, but as with most couples that was hardly the case. Kate and John were in love that part was true, but she was tired of hiding. Kate was the strong willed one in the relationship and had come to a decision. She was no longer hiding who she was. John was unsure about this new path, but Kate insisted.
“Those shorts are pretty tight. They look uncomfortable. Maybe you should wear your kaki ones.” Kate sighed.
“I do. But they….well….they…make you…stand out.” Kate shot him a look then smiled.
“I know.” John was flustered.
“But can’t we start off with something a little less…obvious?” She loved his discomfiture.
“No honey. You love me right?” John nodded. “Just like I am, right?” Another nod. “Then you need to embrace it and let me be me. Don’t force me to hide who I am behind tucks and tape. Let the world know that your girlfriend is a tgirl and embrace it!” He gave her a dubious look.
“Does it have to look so….big?” She gave him another grin.
“Don’t you want the other guys to be jealous of you?” John heaved a sigh. He’d lost this argument several times already.
She took John’s hand and led him out the door and into a whole new world.
Not my caption, but I wanted to share it.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 43.510826
Retrieved Text: The Chantry doors shut behind them and everyone walked on into the nave. Kate, however, trailed behind. She was not sure where the others were going with such purpose. For her part, she had half a mind to go lie down on her bed and rest. The speech had exhausted her, making her feel like she’d cast a massive spell - with her mouth.
More than that, Kate’s stomach rumbled, and it occurred to her that she hadn’t eaten in a long while. Considering how long she had been unconscious, her last meal must have have been the meat pies she’d bought at the Lake Calenhad docks. That barely passed as food. The Spoiled Princess, or whatever that inn had been called, was surely the grimiest establishment Kate had ever patronized. Robert had dubbed it “The Spoiled Larder”.
At the thought of Robert, Kate felt her mood sink. The growing ache in her heart made a painful counterpoint to the ache in her stomach.
It didn’t look like a war room, Kate thought, as she stepped inside. It resembled a study, complete with bookcases and statues of Andraste. And Kate wasn’t sure she liked the idea of being at war. Had they named the place before or after the Divine was killed, Kate wondered?
Kate glanced around the table - the ‘war table’, she supposed it was, to go with the ‘war room.’ The bear-soldier stood opposite Kate, flanked by Leliana and the dark-haired ambassador. With all these people staring at her, Kate felt as though she were an apprentice

########
Rank: 25
Score: 43.462494
Retrieved Text: Canadian folk singer-songwriter Kate McGarrigle passed away last night after a three year battle with cancer. While she’s probably best known now for being the mother to Rufus and Martha Wainwright, Kate herself has been performing and releasing albums since the 1960s, largely with her sister Anna. Kate and Anna were appointed Members of the Order of Canada in 1993, and in 2004 received the Governor General’s Performing Arts Award.
While her health had been improving, it had been reported that she was ill again late last year, and Rufus recently cancelled his Australian tour in order to be with his mother. Kate established the Kate McGarrigle Fund in 2008, which supports cancer care and research at the McGill University.
As a long-time fan of the creative output of the Wainwrights and McGarrigles and the whole rest of the clan, my sympathies are with her family and friends. Kate was certainly loved and respected by many; that much is evident any time you see video of her performing with her family. Gifted with not only an extraordinary musical talent but also a wicked sense of humor, Kate will be missed.
Rufus has posted his own note about his mother on his website. Donations to the Kate McGarrigle Fund in her memory and to support cancer research can be made online.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 43.446526
Retrieved Text: Kate was first introduced as the editor in chief of Couture, a high-fashion magazine based in Manhattan. Later, she lost Couture, so she started her own magazine, Crimson, in Port Charles.
When we first met Kate, she barged into Sonny’s office at home and asked to use the phone. She was pushy, arrogant, and a bit rude. She was really full of herself. Kate definitely needed an attitude adjustment.
On the outside, Kate Howard is self-assured, motivated, and independent. She dresses beautifully and carries herself with poise and confidence. There is never a hair out of place or a wrinkle in her clothing.
We started to see that Kate has some vulnerability. We now know that Kate has a number of insecurities and issues. First, she is embarrassed about her family roots and her childhood. Kate is from Sonny’s hometown of Bensonhurst, New York. Her real name is Connie Falconeri. She didn’t grow up wealthy or privileged, but she always wanted to be successful.
After she left home, Kate went to college. She went to great lengths to reinvent Connie and made a new life for herself by legally changing her name and creating a fake background to hide her past.
Kate has been trying to come to terms with her former life. She’s reconnected with her former love Sonny, but there are clearly some unresolved feelings between them. It’s obvious that Kate really cares for Sonny. She feels guilty about having left him to pursue her dreams, and she often wonders if Sonny’s life would have been different if she

########
Rank: 27
Score: 43.110588
Retrieved Text: Perfect for fans of Jacqueline Wilson, Chris Riddell and Enid Blyton.
this was my choice for Book 11 of my #20booksofsummer paperback challenge as I'd bought this quite a while ago, intrigued by the gorgeous bright cover and the very good reviews I'd read about it! And I can see why it has won such high praise! It has such an old fashioned story feel that it was a fun and easy book to read and make you escape the realities of life! And there is lots to escape from nowadays!!
It's the story of Sophie who ends up working at Sinclairs the big department store, think Selfridges!, and it is wonderful to see her finding her way in the world and becoming settled amongst her new 'family' at the store. Sinclairs' prides itself on its excellence and displays, so when a new collection of Jewels is set to be shown at the store the excitement reaches fever pitch. But then disaster strikes and some of the jewels, including the world famous Clockwork Sparrow, go missing, so Sophie and her friends take it upon themselves to hunt down the thieves involved!
Full of lots of fun characters and tension as they start discovering clues, it was a really enjoyable read and I look forward to reading more in the series to see what fun they get up to next time!!
Kate Marshall is slowly getting her life back on track after losing her fiancé. As an author she has been able to hide herself away from the world and its

########
Rank: 28
Score: 43.088413
Retrieved Text: Kate The Gardener is an Auckland-based garden business (believe it or not!), owned by garden design superstar, Kate Rogers. Kate The Gardener Ltd was established in November 2016, when Kate saw a gap in the market with a service driven focus of helping people fall back in love with their gardens. Since then, Kate has been taking care of everything from maintenance to soft landscaping and consulting, along with her growing team of contractors.
Kate hit the ground running in her first year of business, winning the 2017 David Award for Most Outstanding Lifestyle Business . Like most start-up businesses she did her best to take care of all of her business admin herself, which she found manageable in the early days with a few clients.
However, as the business grew, and Kate began taking on more clients, she began struggling to keep on top of key tasks – bookkeeping being one of them. Kate soon admitted that bookkeeping was not her strength (or her passion) and knew, as it was fundamental to the success of her business, she was going to need help.
Kate was soon on the hunt for a bookkeeper to work with who would be both acccessable and a good personality fit. Knowing she didn’t want to step out of the equation completely, she wanted to work with someone willing to take the time to talk through what was happening in her accounts.
As a member of The WE Network , an online networking group for New Zealand women in business, Kate kept seeing recommendations for

########
Rank: 29
Score: 43.0577
Retrieved Text: The Duchess opted for a floor-length Gucci gown.
Later that day, Kate attended the 100 Women in Finance Gala Dinner in support of her "Mentally Healthy Schools" initiative.
Kate Middleton finished the ensemble off with a Mulberry clutch bag.
But it was the Duchess' glittering shoes we couldn't stop staring at, which appeared to be adorned with hundreds of tiny jewels. Prince William also looks dashing in his black texudo.
Kate stunned in Alexander McQueen on Sunday night at the BAFTAs.
At the conference earlier on Wednesday, Kate, 37, sat in on a number of discussions and panel sessions, including one focusing on the benefits of integrating mental health modules into teacher training courses.
"The scientific and other evidence is clear the first few years of a child's life are more pivotal for development and for future health and happiness than any other single moment in our life time", the duchess said at the conference.
Mental health is a very important cause to Kate.
Minutes later, Simmons thrilled the crowd by driving around Tatum and throwing down a thunderous right-handed jam. Three games is obviously not almost long enough to lose patience with how Brown is handling his new team .
In a lengthy social media post , the "Cruisin'" singer ripped everyone and anyone who protested Lopez because she wasn't black. The SOUL? What did you all think of the performance and backlash? Jennifer , though, is taking it all in her stride.
The notorious Mexican drug lord Joaquin " El Chapo " Guzman has been convicted of drug-trafficking charges at a trial in NY

================



======= Instance Index 391 =========
Input Text: During his guilty sentencing for the killing the suspect was stoned faced, he expressed remorse for the what he had caused the victim's families?
Choose the most suitable option to answer the above question.
Options:
- grief
- bloody mess
- freedom
- sorrow
- death of

Target Text: sorrow

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 56.689625
Retrieved Text: (CNN) — The man accused of kidnapping 13-year-old Jayme Closs and killing her parents reportedly expressed his remorse and detailed his plans for trial in a letter from jail.
Nearly two months after his arrest, Jake Patterson sent a letter postmarked February 28 to a journalist for KARE-TV, the station reported Thursday. In the purported letter, the kidnapping suspect talked about his remorse for what he did and said he plans to plead guilty to murder and kidnapping charges during his court appearance later this month.
The letter, addressed to reporter Lou Raguse, was in a white envelope stamped with the words “Mailed from the Polk County jail” and the suspect’s name on the top left. It was in response to two previous letters the reporter said he sent to Patterson in jail last month with questions. CNN could not independently verify the authenticity of the letter. Barron County Sheriff Chris Fitzgerald said he was aware Patterson had sent a letter to Raguse, KARE reported.
In the letter, the suspect says he did not tell anyone about kidnapping Jayme and whenever his father visited him on Saturdays, he would hide her in his room. Patterson says he does “not think like a serial killer,” and the kidnapping was “mostly done on impulse” and is not something he planned for a long time.
Despite widespread searches, Jayme was not seen for 88 days. When a dog walker found her walking down a road about 70 miles from her home, she was without a coat and gloves in frigid weather.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 51.587345
Retrieved Text: A man convicted over the terrorist killing of NSW Police accountant Curtis Cheng has recanted his apology.
A man convicted over the terrorist killing of New South Wales Police accountant Curtis Cheng has recanted his apology to the victim’s widow because he “slipped up” and actually isn’t remorseful, a court has heard.
Milad Atai, who was convicted for aiding the boy behind the 2015 shooting in Parramatta, apologised during a sentencing hearing for the hurt he put Selina Cheng and her family through.
But on Thursday, the NSW Supreme Court was told he had since written letters to federal police and a crown prosecutor saying those apologies made in September weren’t truthful.
“I take back what I said in the box because I was in the heat of moment and I just slipped up,” the letter to federal police said.
“If use (sic) can please let the judge know about this letter and I want him to know where I stand with this remorse bulls***.
Justice Peter Johnson said Atai had told the previous hearing: “I am sorry for what I did and what I put her through … I take responsibility for my actions.” Justice Johnson said the letters didn’t just deal with remorse but suggested the 22-year-old was not sorry for the offence and hadn’t begun the path to rehabilitation or deradicalisation.
“He seems to have shut the door to the path,” he said.
Justice Johnson asked Atai’s solicitor whether Atai was saying he is still dangerous and maintains “radical, Salafist, murderous views”.
“With due respect I think you’re reading too much into

########
Rank: 2
Score: 51.1755
Retrieved Text: Jan. 17, 2019 2:05 p.m.
Byron James Walterhouse waved goodbye to friends, family and the victim’s family as he left Vernon Law Courts with the sheriff.
Judge Richard Hewson sentenced Walterhouse, 42, to nine months incarceration and handed down a three-year driving Prohibition for the June 1, 2016 car surfing death of his friend, Justin Roger Martyn. Throughout the duration of the case, from charges being laid to sentencing Jan. 17, Walterhouse received support from Martyn’s family.
Earlier in the week, Walterhouse pleaded guilty to dangerous driving causing death in relation to the car surfing death of 27-year-old Martyn. Walterhouse also faced charges of criminal negligence causing death and failure to stop at an accident causing death.
“I take full responsibility and regret everything that happened that night,” Walterhouse said to Judge Hewson and Martyn’s family at the beginning of his sentencing hearing Jan. 14.
According to details read by Crown prosecutor Juan O’Quinn, Walterhouse, Martyn and other friends were socializing at a Vernon bar the night of the accident. Apart from Walterhouse, all involved parties had been intoxicated.
O’Quinn said the party was driving on Tronson Road after leaving the bar at around 12 a.m. when Martyn climbed out of the window and onto the roof of the 2007 Dodge Calibre. Unbeknownst to Walterhouse, a dead end loomed ahead. The vehicle went off the road and rolled down an embankment.
Martyn was pronounced dead at the scene.
Upon learning that Martyn was dead, Judge Hewson said Walterhouse became distraught and considered suicide.
“He thought about killing himself and phoned a member of his family,

########
Rank: 3
Score: 51.166435
Retrieved Text: Maksim Gelman was sentenced today in Brooklyn for murdering four people and injuring three others during his rampage of violence last year.
They don’t call him “Mad Max” for nothing.
The unhinged 24-year-old who pleaded guilty to a bloody killing spree threatened to kill his victims’ loved ones and cursed out the judge who sentenced him to life in prison during a brief court appearance this afternoon.
Standing in an orange prison jumpsuit with a sick smirk on his face, Maksim Gelman lashed out against Gerard Honig, the boyfriend of Yelena Bulchenko. Gelman killed both Bulchenko and Bulchenko’s mother during his Feb. 11 killing spree.
Gelman was removed from the court after his outburst, but he wasn’t done when he was brought back.
In a rambling statement, he told the court that the DEA had a navigation device on his car and that it was the NYPD’s fault for not stopping his rampage sooner.
He then screamed racist and sexual epithets at Judge Vincent Del Giudice as court officers took him back to his prison cell.
Aside from Gelman’s theatrics, the sentencing itself was largely unsurprising, given the severity of Gelman’s crimes — and his decision to own up to the heinous acts. Gelman was accused of killing four people and wounding several others during his 28-hour rampage across the borough that ultimately ended in Manhattan.
His lawyer, Edward Friedman, said Gelman pleaded guilty because he was anxious to begin his sentence — but argued that his client had a diseased mind even if he wasn’t clinically insane.
“There was, at one time, a different

########
Rank: 4
Score: 50.106705
Retrieved Text: A JUDGE who sentenced a man to 18 years in prison for manslaughter yesterday lamented the increase in violent crimes involving men with little conflict resolution skills.
Justice Vera Watkins produced a written decision, partly read into the record, in the sentencing of 25-year-old Ovando Woodside concerning the July 3, 2011 death of Anva Thompson.
However, his sentence was reduced to just over 14 years, taking his time on remand into account.
While the judge acknowledged the convict’s early admission of guilt and expression of remorse for his actions on that day, she could not help but voice concern at the increasing rate of young men involved in violent crimes.
“There has been a steady increase of violent crimes in The Bahamas involving young men who lack the necessary skills in resolving conflicts and it is apparent that Woodside’s actions may have been a result of his inability or unwillingness to resolve conflicts with the deceased,” the judge said.
However, she did not think the matter warranted life imprisonment.
“I have taken into account the relevant provisions of the statute law with respect to sentencing,” the judge said in her ruling.
“I have given consideration to Woodside’s individual circumstances as presented in the probation report. I have also considered the gravity of the offence committed by Woodside, his character, the factors that might have influenced his conduct at the time of the killing and the possibility of reform and re-adaptation into society upon his release from prison.
“I have further considered the fact that Woodside has expressed remorse for his actions and empathy for

########
Rank: 5
Score: 49.92876
Retrieved Text: The judge said Nassar survivors were empowered by publicly testifying against the disgraced doctor during his sentencing hearing.
Judge Rosemarie Aquilina, who presided over the sentencing of former USA Gymnastics team doctor Larry Nassar, expressed no regret over her harsh sentencing of the fallen physician and said letting his victims testify in her courtroom about their sexual abuse helped them heal.
The Michigan circuit court judge earlier this year sentenced Nassar to 40-175 years in prison for sexually molesting patients under the guise of medical treatment. Nassar had already pleaded guilty for multiple sexual crimes, but during his sentencing trial, Aquilina allowed more than 150 young women to confront him publicly during their victim-impact statements.
Aquilina, who told Nassar she had "just signed your death warrant" when she issued her sentence, defended her decision. She said she could have altered her sentence had Nassar shown remorse. Instead, she said he submitted a letter to the court that complained about his treatment.
“He has no idea what he did. He still thinks he’s a good doctor. That it was medical. It’s not medical, sir,” she said.
Among those who have publicly accused Nassar of sexual assault are Olympic gold medal gymnasts Aly Raisman, Simone Biles and McKayla Maroney, who said she was abused during her first visit to him when she was 13.
Those women and hundreds of other survivors have alleged that Nassar molested them under the appearance of medical treatment when he served as the team doctor for both USA Gymnastics and Michigan State University.
Aquilina said sexual assault survivors have reached

########
Rank: 6
Score: 49.684074
Retrieved Text: Ryan Aggers pleaded guilty in May to three counts of possession of fighting dogs and one count of possession of equipment for fighting dogs.
A Springfield man was sentenced Monday to at least a year and a half in prison for dog fighting.
"What I did was wrong and I understand it was wrong. I hurt dogs, my family and myself. I accept the consequences and I will never do it again," Ryan Aggers, 32, said.
Aggers pleaded guilty in May to three counts of possession of fighting dogs and one count of possession of equipment for fighting dogs.
Calhoun County Circuit Court Judge John Hallacy sentenced him Monday to 18 months to four years in prison.
Aggers also must pay $5,910 to the Calhoun County Sheriff Department for the care of five dogs seized at his home on April 2, 2017 and pay court costs of $462.
Deputies found the five dogs and training equipment when they raided his home and veterinarians testified at earlier hearings that the dogs had scars and missing or broken teeth which indicated they had been fighting.
As part of a sentence agreement Aggers faced a minimum sentence of 12 to 18 months and Assistant Prosecutor Karen Pawloski argued that the sentencing guidelines don't consider the "true victims, who are the dogs. Five dogs that we found had to be put down because they were too aggressive."
Defense attorney Anastase Markou told the judge that Aggers learned about dogfighting from his father.
"I can't explain how he got himself into this trouble," he said. "He is a person who

########
Rank: 7
Score: 48.934624
Retrieved Text: A MAN who killed his best friend in a motorbike accident has had his sentence cut after a plea for mercy from the victim’s mother.
Jonathan Lombard, 28, has had a year cut off a three year prison stretch, after the mother of Nacho Rodriguez, 16, insisted he get a more lenient sentence.
Lombard, 28, who was described by the mother as ‘a soul mate and more than a brother to Nacho’ pleaded guilty to causing death by dangerous driving.
The Supreme Court heard how he was full of remorse for the death of his friend, who suffered fatal head injuries as a result of the accident in 2008.
In sentencing Chief Justice Anthony Dudley explained: “I certainly do not ignore the wishes expressed by the mother of the deceased”.
And the court heard how he had overtaken vehicles at speed before pulling wheelies which led him to lose control of the bike.
Lombard has also been disqualified from driving for five years.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 48.66796
Retrieved Text: Roof faced either life in prison or execution for the mass shooting in Charleston, South Carolina on 17 June 2015. The Justice Department said he is the first person to get the death penalty for federal hate crimes.
Roof was convicted last month of all 33 federal charges against him. During sentencing, he represented himself and told jurors he didn’t have a mental illness. He didn’t offer any remorse or ask that his life be spared.
In a lengthy confession, Roof told FBI agents he wanted to bring back segregation or perhaps start a race war with the slayings.
Earlier, the jury asked US District Judge Richard Gergel for clarification on some of the mitigating factors they were being asked to consider, including if Roof could safely be confined if he were sentenced to life in prison.
Jurors also asked to re-watch a speech by the Reverend Clementa Pinckney, who was one of the nine people Roof killed during the Bible study meeting.
Email “White supremacist Dylann Roof sentenced to death for killing nine black churchgoers”.
Feedback on “White supremacist Dylann Roof sentenced to death for killing nine black churchgoers”.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 48.171665
Retrieved Text: An inmate who carved an Islamic State-inspired message on his cellmate's forehead sent a letter to the Corrective Services Commissioner boasting that he turned the man into an "Islamic State sketch pad", a court has heard.
In a letter threatening the Corrective Services Commissioner, Hraichie claims his attack on Michael O'Keefe was "Islamic State-inspired"
Bourhan Hraichie, 21, faced a sentencing hearing before the NSW Supreme Court over a series of offences — including the attack on the inmate — as well as plans in October 2015 to shoot police on the steps of Bankstown police station and to film the attack.
He pleaded guilty to four charges, including doing an act in preparation for a terrorist act, causing grievous bodily harm and wounding with intent to murder.
At the time of the alleged offences he was 18 and 19.
The court heard while Hraichie was serving time at Kempsey jail in 2016, he carved 'e4e' — a reference to 'an eye for an eye' — into cellmate Michael O'Keefe's forehead.
O'Keefe's injuries are permanent and "the victim will carry the scarring on his face and back of his neck for the rest of his life," court documents revealed.
In a letter threatening the Corrective Services Commissioner, Hraichie said his attack on O'Keefe, who claimed to have been a soldier, was "Islamic State-inspired" and that he had "turned your soldier into an Islamic State sketch pad".
In the letter, Hraichie threatened to "turn your jails into slaughterhouses", Commonwealth prosecutor Sophie Callan told the court.
The court heard that in 2016 Hraichie obtained firearms and knives to

########
Rank: 10
Score: 47.85033
Retrieved Text: Alfred Mark Fournier was convicted last week of gross vehicular manslaughter and assault with a deadly weapon causing death or injury, but the jury deadlocked 10-2 in favor of acquittal on the voluntary manslaughter charge.
Deputy District Attorney Anne Masterson told Sonoma County Superior Court Judge Elliot Daum this morning Fournier won't be retried on the voluntary manslaughter charge. Fournier then withdrew his previous plea of not guilty by reason of insanity to the assault with a deadly weapon and gross vehicular manslaughter charges.
Fournier, 51, was charged in connection with the death of motorcyclist Eric Stern, 55 of Monte Rio, on Bohemian Highway in west Sonoma County on July 13, 2004.
The prosecution argued Fournier slowed or stopped his Ford Explorer on the road after a blind curve, causing Stern to collide with it, because he was angry Stern had passed him earlier and wanted to teach him a lesson.
The defense argued Fournier slowed down for safety reasons when he approached the curve after he passed Stern's motorcycle.
Defense attorney Joseph Stogner said Fournier faces a maximum nine years in prison but that he will argue for probation. He said "an untreated psychiatric condition" contributed to the accident and Fournier's reaction to the criminal justice procedures.
"He is now being treated and is an excellent candidate for probation," Stogner said. He said Fournier had "impulse-control difficulties" but has successfully been rehabilitated with medication.
In June 2006, Fournier pleaded no contest to the vehicular and voluntary manslaughter charges in return for probation and a county jail term instead of state prison, but

########
Rank: 11
Score: 47.11192
Retrieved Text: GLR was charged with several domestic violence-related offences following a serious invasion of his ex-partner’s house, despite being the subject of an AVO. GLR plead guilty to the offences.
During the sentencing hearing, it was submitted that GLR had completely rehabilitated himself since the incident. GLR had secured a new job, was no longer taking drugs, was in a new, stable relationship and had shown sufficient remorse during proceedings. Due to the strength of these submissions GLR was sentenced to the time that he had already spent in custody, and his matter was concluded without any further sentence.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 46.678787
Retrieved Text: Brian Marsicovetere, of the Office of the Defender General, representing Timothy Butler, right, on charges he murdered an elderly Arlington woman in her home in early 2017, speaks during a change of plea hearing Friday morning in Bennington Superior Court Criminal Division.
Timothy Butler walks into court in Bennington on Friday morning prior to changing his plea from not guilty to guilty in the stabbing death of 81-year-old Helen Jones of Arlington in early 2017. He will be sentenced following a hearing.
BENNINGTON — Timothy Butler changed his plea to guilty Friday in the stabbing death of an elderly Arlington woman, thus avoiding a trial in Bennington Superior Court Criminal Division.
Butler, 34, had faced a first-degree murder charge in the death of 81-year-old Helen Jones in her Buck Hill Road home on Jan. 2, 2017.
As part of a plea agreement reducing the charge to second-degree murder, Butler, questioned by Judge William Cohen, admitted stabbing Jones multiple times.
Sentencing will follow a pre-sentencing investigation by the Department of Corrections and a hearing during which family members, friends and others are expected to testify. That session is likely to last at least a half day, said defense attorney Brian Marsicovetere, of the Office of the Defender General.
Cohen said a status conference will be held in 60 days, when a date for the sentencing hearing could be set.
State's Attorney Erica Marthage told Cohen that the plea agreement, which Jones' family members supported after initially wanting to see a life without parole sentence, will spare them a trial. That, Marthage said, would involve

########
Rank: 13
Score: 46.424156
Retrieved Text: 69-year-old Renwick Alexander called ‘Bumpy’ was this morning handed a twelve and a half year jail term after he pleaded guilty to a manslaughter charge, admitting that he unlawfully killed his childhood friend Carl Thomas called ‘Dog’.
Alexander, accompanied by his attorney Nigel Hughes, appeared before Justice Navindra Singh at the High Court in Georgetown where he expressed remorse for his action, apologising to the daughter of the deceased who was present in court.
“I am very sorry, really sorry for what took place between me and your father,” a sobbing Alexander told the woman, whom he identified as Debra.
According to reports, Alexander fatally stabbed Thomas, 55, during an argument over a pile of missing clothes. The incident occurred on November 3, 2010 at John Street, Lodge, Georgetown where both of them had lived.
During a plea in mitigation, Hughes told the court that his client is extremely remorseful for the act, adding that he had never been in trouble with the law prior to the incident. State Prosecutor Tariq Mohamed asked that the sentence of the court reflect the gravity and seriousness of the offence.
Before he left the courtroom, Justice Singh advised Alexander to make the best of what is left of his life. Justice Singh also told him that the prison authorities will be ordered by the court to deduct from the sentence, whatever time he spent in pre-trial custody. On a lighter side, Justice Singh told Williams that he looked really good for his age.
Reports indicate that in 2014, Alexander was tried and convicted for murder

########
Rank: 14
Score: 46.24734
Retrieved Text: Do you ever feel like you just can't say anything anymore without paying for it? That's because we post our thoughts on social media, and some of us don't think much before we do. Now two brothers in England are thinking a lot about free speech on Facebook as they sit in jail, remanded into custody after insulting the judge who gave them suspended sentences.
Daniel and Samuel Sledden, along with their father, all pled guilty to trafficking in cannabis out of their home, according to The Guardian. The two sons -- Daniel, 27, and Samuel, 22 -- mocked Judge Beverly Lunt online just after she gave both suspended sentences. Now they are in custody again while she reconsiders the suspension and whether they should be incarcerated after all.
Judge Lunt did not claim to be harassed by the Facebook posts and said she does not plan to reconsider the actual sentences; she believes two years were appropriate. The question now is whether suspended sentences and conditional freedom was the right decision in light of the Sleddens' disrespect for the court. That means the Sledden brothers may spend two years incarcerated, rather than enjoying their suspended sentences.
Judge Lunt cannot hold the Sledden brothers in contempt of court because the Facebook comments were posted after the proceedings were over. But since contrition and remorse are a major element of a suspended sentence, and because the brothers both expressed disdain for the legal proceedings and the sentences they received, the judge can reconsider incarceration.
Lunt said, "It is the issue of

########
Rank: 15
Score: 46.087585
Retrieved Text: BELFAST - Norma Small, the grandmother who hired a gunman to kill her husband two decades ago, will spend the rest of her life in prison.
Small, 63, received prison sentences totaling 70 years Thursday for the contract murder of her husband, Mervin "Sonny" Grotton, then 46, in Belfast on Dec. 16, 1983.
She was sentenced to 60 years in prison on the murder charge. Because Grotton was a U.S. Navy petty officer, Small received an additional 10 years for theft of government pension and insurance benefits following the murder.
Small, who lived for years afterward in Gas, Kan., was tried and convicted of the murder and theft by a Maine jury in August.
In handing down the consecutive sentences, Justice Nancy Mills described Small as a cold-hearted killer who had no compassion for her late husband, her three children or her grandchildren.
"This is a contract killing. This is a murder for hire," Mills said. "Mervin Grotton was worth more to her dead than alive and apparently that proved to be true."
Small sniffled and dabbed her eyes with a tissue throughout the sentencing. The only time she spoke was after a few friends asked the judge for compassion on her behalf. Small rose, turned to them and said while sobbing, "You'll never know how much I appreciate it."
Mills reacted to Small's statement by noting that Small never expressed remorse for the killing and never recognized the pain she caused to her family.
"I'm not sure you can reconcile compassion and love for your children after you had someone murder their father,"

########
Rank: 16
Score: 45.856205
Retrieved Text: Janaldo Farrington outside of court yesterday.
THOUGH he was spared death yesterday, Janaldo Farrington had no visible or vocal reaction to the life imprisonment handed down by a judge yesterday for the paid execution of a banker.
Farrington, 24, of Pinewood Gardens remained stoic up to the end of Justice Roy Jones’ six-minute ruling when the judge concluded that despite the murder of Stephen Sherman in February 2012 being heinous – and that no remorse had been shown – he could not impose the death penalty on Farrington for a number of reasons.
Justice Jones ruled that the Crown had not given notice of their intention to seek the death penalty, as had been the practice set out by former Chief Justice Sir Burton Hall in 2006, and that the convict was not beyond reform as he was only 24 with no prior convictions and no present infraction of prison rules since his incarceration at Her Majesty’s Prisons.
“After due consideration, a judgment has been delivered, he has imposed life imprisonment on the act, the discretion that he has to exercise,” he added.
Mr Ducille went on to say, however, that “of course it follows that an appeal will be filed forthwith because our position has always been that he’s innocent”.
Mr Sherman, an assistant manager at the Royal Bank of Canada in Palmdale, was shot in the head when he pulled up to his Yamacraw Shores home on the evening of February 17, 2012. While on his knees he was robbed of his cell phone before being shot. His niece, who

########
Rank: 17
Score: 45.723797
Retrieved Text: Pictured, Philando Castile moments after he was shot dead by Minnesota Police Officer Jeronimo Yanez.
Officer Jeronimo Yanez found not guilty in the shooting death of Philando Castile. How color of one’s skin can serve as a ready made murder weapon.
A jury of 10 white persons and two black have found Minnesota Police Officer Jeronimo Yanez not guilty of all three charges against him in the shooting death of Philando Castile.
The not guilty verdict comes after Yanez fatally shot Castile, 32, an African American, last year during a traffic stop when the police officer (of Hispanic origin) demanded Castile keep his hands out when the man motioned to remove an item from the glove department. Believing that he was pulling out a gun, Yanez shot the driver.
The shooting had come moments prior when Castile had announced to Yanez that he was carrying a licensed concealed weapon.
The morbid incident was caught on tape by Castile’s girlfriend, Diamond Reynolds, who at the time decided to record the impending encounter because she feared something might ‘go wrong’.
During trial proceedings, Reynolds had insisted that Castile, a longtime school cafeteria worker had simply being reaching for his drivers license when Yanez ‘over-reacted’ to what she described as a ‘non-threat’.
Which is to wonder, had Castile being white or Asian, would Yanez would have still perceived himself to be in imminent threat?
Of note, at the time of pulling over Castile, Yanez smelled marijuana in the car, with the defense arguing that Yanez wasn’t following police directions in a timely manner because he was stoned.
Had

########
Rank: 18
Score: 45.648712
Retrieved Text: DALLAS — Authorities said a Texas teenager serving probation for killing four people in a drunken-driving wreck after invoking an “affluenza” defense was in custody in Mexico, weeks after he and his mother disappeared.
Mexico’s Jalisco state prosecutors’ office said in a statement that its agents had been working with American authorities via the U.S. Consulate in Guadalajara since Dec. 26 to track down and capture 18-year-old Ethan Couch and his mother, Tonya Couch. The office said the two were located and detained Monday evening in a beachside neighborhood of the Pacific Coast resort city of Puerto Vallarta.
After their detention, they were handed over to Mexican immigration authorities for deportation, the statement said.
During the sentencing phase of Couch’s trial, a defense expert argued that Couch’s wealthy parents coddled him into a sense of irresponsibility — a condition the expert termed “affluenza.” The condition is not recognized as a medical diagnosis by the American Psychiatric Association, and its invocation drew widespread ridicule.
The Tarrant County District Attorney’s office also told local media outlets that the two had been taken into custody. A spokeswoman for the office could not immediately be reached by The Associated Press for further comment.
Authorities began searching for the pair after Ethan Couch failed to keep a mandatory appointment with his probation officer on Dec. 10, leading authorities to issue the juvenile equivalent of an arrest warrant for him.
Tarrant County Sheriff Dee Anderson has said he believes the two fled in late November after a video surfaced that appears to show Couch at a party where

########
Rank: 19
Score: 45.104103
Retrieved Text: An expert test-taker from Florida pleaded guilty Friday afternoon to fraud and money laundering conspiracy charges in the college admissions bribery scandal, according to the U.S. attorney’s office in Boston.
Mark Riddell, 36, of Palmetto, Fla., entered the plea in U.S. District Court in Boston under the terms of a deal he made with prosecutors in February. Prosecutors say he participated in a scam orchestrated by college admissions consultant William “Rick” Singer.
Court documents say Riddell conspired with Singer and others from 2011 to this year to facilitate cheating on the ACT and SAT admission tests, in an effort to help the children of wealthy parents secure admission to prominent universities. In some cases, prosecutors say, Riddell secretly took the exams instead of the students. In others, they say, he replaced student responses on exams with his own.
Typically, prosecutors say, Singer arranged for Riddell to be paid $10,000 per test. One instance detailed in a court document describes Riddell taking the ACT in a Houston hotel room in July 2018 on behalf of a student. Before taking the test, the document says, Riddell obtained a handwriting sample from the student so that he could imitate it when filling out the exam.
Riddell told Singer afterward that the resulting score would be a 35 out of a maximum 36 – a prediction that prosecutors said came true. Singer has pleaded guilty to racketeering conspiracy and other crimes.
Riddell has expressed remorse for his role in the scandal. He cooperated with investigators, court documents indicate, in hopes of obtaining leniency in sentencing.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 45.0674
Retrieved Text: Man gets life without parole in murders of woman, baby. Walter Perez reports during Action News at 5 p.m. on April 13, 2019.
VINELAND, N.J. -- A New Jersey man convicted of strangling his estranged wife and suffocating her infant daughter has been sentenced to two consecutive life terms in a maximum security prison without the possibility of parole.
Jurors in January convicted the Millville resident of killing 34-year-old Neidy Ramirez and three-month old Genesis at her Vineland apartment in 2015 and disposing of their bodies at a game preserve. He expressed remorse through an interpreter before sentencing.
"I just want to ask for forgiveness for everything that I have done," Carrillo-Santiago said. "I regret what I did. And I ask for everybody's forgiveness, especially my children. I'm sorry."
Family members reported Ramirez - who had three children, including one fathered by the defendant - missing in December 2015 after she didn't show up for work. Her sport utility vehicle was found abandoned on Route 55, and prosecutors alleged that the defendant left it there to divert suspicion from himself.
Carrillo-Santiago's attorney portrayed him as a devoted spouse pushed into a "red fog of humiliation, shame and rage" by taunts Ramirez made about his manhood. The judge, however, said the defendant was angry that his estranged wife was involved with another man and had a child with that person.
"His anger fueled his desire for revenge," Malestein said. "And although the defendant indicates that it was an accident, the evidence before the jury suggest otherwise."
At the Fairfield Township game preserve, Ramirez was

########
Rank: 21
Score: 44.97634
Retrieved Text: Danny Bostock has been jailed for 30 years after murdering an acquaintance for his collection of rare coins.
Gordon McGhee, 52, was found dead at his flat in Forest Road, Colchester, just before 2pm on August 22, 2018.
Danny Bostock, 33, of Berberis Walk was sentenced at Ipswich Crown Court today, March 26. He also received six years concurrently for arson with intent to endanger life.
He was found guilty of murder and arson with intent to endanger life by a jury at the same court on March 8.
The jury had heard how Bostock had tried to cover up his crime and, after stabbing Mr McGhee 17 times, he’d left the gas cooker burning in an attempt to burn down his victim’s flat.
CCTV taken hours before the murder showed Bostock wearing a pair of Lonsdale trainers, which were linked to the crime after footwear analysis in the flat. He denied owning the trainers but, after a search of his flat, a shoebox for the correct make and model were found.
Following the guilty verdict, Mr McGhee’s family paid tribute to him as a “kind-hearted, gentle soul” and his daughter praised him for his “supportive and encouraging” nature.
Bostock’s DNA was found on a ripped coin package in Mr McGhee’s bedroom and a large collection of the victim’s collectible coins remain missing.
“Gordon McGhee was a kind man and his family and friends have been devastated by his loss. They have shown great bravery and dignity throughout this trial and I hope that today’s result means they can start to move forward and

########
Rank: 22
Score: 44.905834
Retrieved Text: A Worthing mechanic who was jailed for 15 years and eight months for killing ‘hero’ father with a wrench is trying to get time knocked off his prison sentence.
Colin Gale, 41, was jailed in March last year for killing bomb-disposal expert Mark Manning, who had been missing since April 2014.
Gale – formerly of Offington Lane in Worthing – will appear before judges at the Court of Appeal in London on Thursday where they will decide whether he should have any time taken off his sentence.
He was convicted of two charges: manslaughter and preventing the lawful burial of a body.
Neither Lewes Crown Court or the Court of Appeal were able to confirm if Gale is appealing sentences for both crimes, or just one.
If his appeal is unsuccessful Gale could be liable for further court costs but could also be forced to start his sentence from the beginning.
Mr Manning, who lived in Lancing, was last seen alive in April 2014.
During the trial Gale told the court how he had owed Mark Manning £17,000 on April 19, 2014, the day Mr Manning disappeared, but only had about £2,000 in cash.
He said on the day Mr Manning had attacked him with an axe.
Gale said he swung out with a wrench to keep Mr Manning away.
Gale said the object he struck Mr Manning with was a metre-long, industrial Stillson wrench, which was heavier than he had expected.
“Then I just went out of control,” he said.
He went on to tell the court how he and Stewart Robertson had taken Mr Manning’s body

########
Rank: 23
Score: 44.4954
Retrieved Text: LUDOWICI, Ga. — Saying his mind was scarred by combat and numbed by heroin, an Army soldier told a southeast Georgia judge Thursday that he shot a teenage girl twice in the head because he thought he saw "the glint of a gun" as she opened her car door.
Sgt. Anthony Peden, 28, was sentenced to life in prison nearly a month after he pleaded guilty to murder charges in the December 2011 slayings of 17-year-old Tiffany York and her boyfriend, former soldier Michael Roark. Prosecutors say the couple was led to the woods near Fort Stewart in Georgia and slain by a group of soldiers to protect an anti-government militia group they had formed inside the military.
Peden's account sought to minimize his role. He said he wasn't close to the soldiers who led the group and the night of the slayings was told only that they planned to collect money from the couple. He said someone handed him a gun, and after they drove out to the woods he saw Roark exit his car and get into a struggle with one of the other soldiers. Then the car's passenger door began to open.
"I saw what I thought was the glint of a gun," said Peden, who sniffled and cried throughout his sentencing hearing. "I fired twice at Tiffany York."
Three other defendants who previously struck plea deals to avoid a possible death sentence had said Roark was suspected of taking money from the group and they feared he and York planned to expose the militia to police.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 44.466366
Retrieved Text: Tania Burgess was stabbed to death by this teenager while walking home from school.
EXCLUSIVE: A boy who stabbed a Central Coast teenager 48 times as she walked home from school could be released after serving just half of his sentence.
Juvenile justice staff fear the now-29-year-old, who can be referred to only as DL for legal reasons, "will kill again" if set free 13 years into his 22-year prison term.
The sentence for the 2005 killing of Tania Burgess was one of the longest known jail terms ever handed to a juvenile in New South Wales.
Tania Burgess was murdered after getting off the school bus at Forresters Beach on the Central Coast.
DL, who at the time was dubbed "the baby-faced killer", has shown no remorse for the 15-year-old's murder while in prison, according to staff, nor admitted his guilt.
DL had been rejected by her romantically in the lead up to the crime and had attacked her mother, Mandy Burgess, by punching her repeatedly in the head in a home invasion a month before.
The 16-year-old who can only be known as DL.
"There are no words on this earth to describe as a mother what I've gone through," said her 66-year-old mother, who has suffered PTSD since the attacks.
"To know that my life was spared four weeks earlier by him - he could have easily killed me, he had the chance to kill me - and to live with that knowing that four weeks later he killed my daughter.
"I'm sad that it's all been brought up again - it's years

########
Rank: 25
Score: 44.39547
Retrieved Text: A drunken man who beat up his ex-partner by slamming her into a wall and throwing punches was jailed for 10 months.
Andrew Whitcombe, 34, admitted causing actual bodily harm during an argument at the victim&apos;s home in Melton Mowbray, on September 9 last year.
Priya Bakshi, prosecuting, told Leicester Crown Court the two had been in an on-off relationship for three years and had an 18-month-old son - who was likely to have heard his mother&apos;s screams during the attack although he did not witness it.
Whitcombe, of Tennyson Way, Melton, had gone out drinking with the victim earlier on the afternoon of the assault.
When they got back to her home an argument broke out, when he accused her of taking drugs into the house.
Miss Bakshi said: "He pushed her against a wall and punched her a few times."
The victim, who fled to a neighbour&apos;s for help, suffered a cut lip, a bump to her head, bruising and cuts to her arm, facial cuts and a badly broken tooth that required a hospital treatment.
She described being in extreme pain after the attack.
Although the complainant wanted no further contact with the defendant she was content for him to continue having access to their child.
In a victim impact statement she expressed a wish Whitcombe should "receive treatment."
Sentencing, Deputy Judge Michael Stokes QC said: "No man can justify doing to any woman what you did to your former partner.
"Men who beat up women, whether shoving them against a hard surface and punching them a few times, must realise it&apos;s unacceptable."
The judge

########
Rank: 26
Score: 44.3894
Retrieved Text: A federal judge on Wednesday sentenced former powerhouse Merrill Lynch broker Thomas Buck to three years and four months in prison.
Buck, who pleaded guilty to one count of securities fraud in October 2017, also agreed at that time to pay a $5 million civil penalty after prosecutors alleged he charged clients $2 million in excessive commissions and failed to recommend fee-based accounts.
The 40-month sentence imposed by Judge James Sweeney fell short of the 78-month sentence prosecutors sought.
Sweeney also imposed two years of supervised release on Buck, 65, and ordered him to complete 200 hours of community service. In opting for a shorter sentence than prosecutors favored, Sweeney cited Buck’s history of charitable activities, his age and the fact that he was unlikely to reoffend.
In his guilty plea last year, Buck admitted that he had lied to Merrill Lynch by saying that he had discussed account options with certain clients when he had not. He also admitted to, on occasion, making trades for his clients without obtaining their approval.
Buck was to have been sentenced last spring, but days before the hearing was to have taken place Buck’s attorneys filed documents arguing that the government’s calculations were in error and that Buck’s actions had actually saved his clients money overall.
During the sentencing hearing Wednesday, Buck addressed the court, along with his wife, four daughters and other family and friends in the gallery.
Buck read a statement in which he expressed remorse and took responsibility for his actions.
“I make no excuse. I point the finger at no one but myself,”

########
Rank: 27
Score: 44.29027
Retrieved Text: A witness said he attacked her in a "frenzy."
A man has received life in prison for violently attacking his ex-girlfriend and fatally stabbing her 75 times. As the New York Post shared, Joshua Stimpson of Kent, England, murdered his 23-year-old ex, Molly McLaren.
"You are supremely selfish and callous. You planned this killing," said the judge during sentencing. “She was 23 years old, beautiful and intelligent. She was a second-year student at the University of Kent. She had her whole life in front of her. She was loved and a much loving daughter, family member and friend to many. She is mourned by a large number of people. Their loss and grief is immeasurable, and nothing I can say or any sentence I can pass can deal with that grief and loss."
McLaren broke off her four-month relationship with 26-year-old Stimpson, which apparently triggered his anger. He initially posted negative comments and photos about her on social media. This escalated to him following her to a bar and to her job at a gym. She told her mother about him following her. As The Guardian reported, police warned Stimpson twice to leave his ex alone.
Stimpson was caught on surveillance cameras buying a Subatier paring knife, which was the weapon he used to kill McLaren. It was later found in her car. He admitted to manslaughter, but claimed that he had diminished mental capacity. He also told the court that he was bipolar. Two doctors gave conflicting conclusions to that defense during the trial, reported the New York Post.
The

########
Rank: 28
Score: 43.983685
Retrieved Text: Mr Peter Angura and Ms Sharon Kipchumba were charged with aiding Khamari to escape from Nakuru Central Police Station.
Khamari robbed Mr Mathea of his property at his house on the night of November 6, 2018.
The victim’s father said the police officer investigating the matter called him and informed him that the suspect had disappeared.
wo police officers accused of assisting a robbery with violence suspect to escape from cells hours before his sentencing have been charged in a Nakuru court.
Mr Peter Angura and Ms Sharon Kipchumba, who appeared Friday before Resident Magistrate Faith Munyi, were charged with aiding Samson Khamari to escape from the cells at the Nakuru Central Police Station.
The two, who were in charge of the station on January 2, 2019, are accused of aiding Khamari, who is a suspect in a robbery with violence incident that led to the death of Mr Martin Mathea, to escape.
Before his mysterious disappearance, Khamari was due for sentencing on the same day in a Nakuru magistrate’s court after he pleaded guilty to charges of robbery with violence at Ngala within Nakuru town.
According to the prosecution, Khamari robbed Mr Mathea of his property at his house on the night of November 6, 2018.
He is said to have strangled Mr Mathea before making away with valuables including electronics, mobile phones and other household goods worth hundreds of thousands shillings.
The case took a new twist after it emerged that he had fled from the Nakuru Central Police Station that morning.
The news of his disappearance came as shock to the family of

########
Rank: 29
Score: 43.815662
Retrieved Text: A 39-year-old Gameti, N.W.T., man has been sentenced to life in prison for second-degree murder and attempted murder of his ex-girlfriend and her partner in Yellowknife three years ago.
A 39-year-old man from Gameti, N.W.T., has been sentenced to life in prison for second-degree murder and attempted murder, in relation to a knife attack on his ex-girlfriend and her partner in Yellowknife three years ago.
Kevin Mantla was sentenced on Thursday afternoon to life in prison with no possibility of parole for 20 years for the murder of Elvis Lafferty. He was also sentenced to 15 years for attempted murder in connection with the attack on Lafferty's girlfriend. Both sentences are to be served concurrently.
As the sentence was read, several members of Lafferty's family rejoiced, with one person shouting, "Yes!"
"What he did, he deserves it. Right now my son is under six feet ground. If I'm lucky, I'll see him in heaven," Lafferty's father, Archie, told CBC News outside the courthouse.
But for Lafferty's mother, Mary Jane, the sentence wasn't enough.
"Why 20 years? They should just give him 25 years and throw away the key. I'm not gonna see my 40-year-old kid again walking through my door. That's the only thing that's on my mind right now," she said.
Mantla pleaded not guilty earlier this year to first-degree murder in the September 2015 stabbing death of Lafferty. He also pleaded not guilty to attempted murder and aggravated assault for the attack on Lafferty's girlfriend, who cannot be identified because of a publication ban.
In May, Justice Louise Charbonneau found Mantla guilty

================



======= Instance Index 5250 =========
Input Text: The runner lost the race because he had bad shoelaces.  What might his shoelaces have caused him to do?
Choose the most suitable option to answer the above question.
Options:
- gain ground
- near finish line
- win the race
- get tired
- trip over

Target Text: trip over

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 56.651066
Retrieved Text: New tools for suicide: Paper bills and shoelaces?
The death of a suspect named Xing Kun in the Kunming Xiaonan police station has attracted the attention of Chinese media and netizens. Netizens are skeptical about supposedly a suicide happened in the holding cell of a police station. Many speculated about the “real causes of death” and phrases like “faked suicide” once again became the hot phrase on the internet. Xing Kun was arrested on October 11th and died the next day – less than 24 hours after he was placed in his holding cell.
On December 16, Kunming Prosecutorial office and public security bureau held a joint press conference to release the information about the incident and the investigation. According to the briefing, Xing Kun first used a paper bill (money) to pick the lock on his handcuffs. After his hands were free, he then used a pair of shoelaces to hang himself to death. This statement did not quiet down the public’s questionings. Instead, it provoked even more people to doubt the police and to speculate about the “truth”. If a paper bill can unlock the handcuffs, are the handcuffs made of paper? If shoelaces can be used to hang someone, what kind of super shoelaces are they? How did the suspect avoid being searched and bring in the suicide tools – paper bill and shoelaces into the holding cell?
Netizens’ conclusion was: This incident proves, there is a serious decline in quality of handcuffs, but the quality of shoelaces has improved greatly and the RMB is stronger

########
Rank: 1
Score: 49.00056
Retrieved Text: Presidents Race Standings | Let Teddy Win!
is it appropriate for fans to endeavor to assist in “letting teddy win,” by doing things like tying other presidents’ shoelaces together, setting up confusing road signs, or devising other implements of sabotage?
Don’t ask, don’t tell, I always say. Just remember that Teddy’s been disqualified before, so don’t get caught!
Shouldn’t the standings include the full results (2nd, 3rd, 4th, DQ, DNF, etc)?
danj, I would happily publish such results if I had help collecting the information from at least a couple of full season ticket holders. I wouldn’t want to list such statistics if I had gaps in the season. Today I can update the W-L standings without knowing for sure that I can be at and videotape every race.
If you’d like to help collect such info, let me know!
Those are great photos. I wish I had video of that race for the presidents race videos page because it was the first time Teddy tried to cheat (and yes it was the first time he was disqualified)! I have added one of your great photos to the presidents race facts page (with a link to your photostream).
This lovable loser stuff has to stop. Teddy don’t win, Nats don’t win……Coincidence??…..I think not.
I love the site, and think this is awesome.
You need to update this page, however…the President’s Race Highlights says 2010, not 2011.
teddy was supposed to win today!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
dear presidents race fan when do you think teddy will win?
The Nationals have made it clear. It ain’t gonna happen without some kind of intervention.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 48.519836
Retrieved Text: Athletes and exercisers, red oval shoelaces are for you – but be careful, because lacing these up in a pair of running shoes is like getting instant energy. It's a true shoe transformation, offering the precise features specifically designed for performance.
We wouldn't be surprised if these laces were banned at the professional sports level for being an unfair advantage.
Your feet will look like two sports cars. If you're buying these laces to have an edge over the competition in a race, you should know that these laces don't just make you a better runner, they're also intimidating to competitors. Wearing these are like revving the engine on a racecar track. The last thing they'll see is the cloud of dust you've left them in.
But will these laces get you going fast enough to run across water? We don't recommend trying it, but if it worked, we wouldn't be surprised. In fact, you might blast across a lake with such a burning-hot velocity, you'll make the whole thing evaporate.
Red oval shoelaces are instant classics, the extra power you add to your feet before you look up towards the finish line.
And with these on, every finish line just got a lot closer.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 47.821484
Retrieved Text: What was perceived to be a noose found outside a Michigan State University student's dorm Wednesday morning turned out to be leather shoelaces, school officials said.
Campus police began investigating the incident after a student reported that she discovered a noose hanging outside of her dorm room, MSU President Lou Anna Simon initially said in a statement.
School officials determined that the object found in Holden Hall wasn't a noose, but instead packaged leather shoelaces, MSU spokesman Jason Cody said.
They tracked down the student who had lost both shoelaces, which were "packaged in a way that someone could perceive them to look similar to a noose," Cody said in a statement.
That student lives on the same residence hall as the student who originally reported the incident, he said.
The shoelaces were first found on a hallway floor. Police believe someone picked them up and then placed them on a stairwell door handle, according to the statement.
Simon said she was "distressed" to learn about the "racial incident."
"This type of behavior is not tolerated on our campus," the president said. "No Spartan should ever feel targeted based on their race, or other ways in which they identify."
"A noose is a symbol of intimidation and threat that has a horrendous history in America," Simon added.
Yamani Vinson, an MSU student, told the Lansing State Journal that two black female students found the noose tied to their door in Holden Hall.
In May, several bananas were found dangling in nooses on the American University campus in Washington D.C. Campus police at the time deemed the

########
Rank: 4
Score: 46.048435
Retrieved Text: About 5,300 years ago, a man now known as Ötzi had a very bad day. Nobody knows exactly how things unfolded but it all ended with an arrow to the shoulder, a blow to the head and a cut—perhaps a defensive wound—to one hand. Either way, Ötzi wound up dead and was soon buried and preserved in a glacier in the Ötzal region of the Alps at the border of Austria and Italy. There he lay until two hikers found him in ice melt in 1991—a much warmer year in a much warmer era than the one in which he lived.
Ötzi—also known simply as the Ice Man—has been an object of both fascination and study since, and well he might be. Everything from his clothes to his quiver to the tattoo markings on his freeze-dried skin to the contents of his stomach (red deer and Alpine ibex appear to have been his final meal) have been preserved and offer a rare look into how Ice Age humans lived.
But the clothes have been a mystery. Clearly made of some kind of leather, they appear to be a patchwork of different hides stitched together at different times, suggesting regular patching and re-patching as one part or another wore out. What researchers have never been able to figure out, however, is just what species of animal lost their hides to keep Ötzi warm. Now, investigators have the answer, and as a study just published in Nature reveals, they went about their work in a resourceful way.
There are a lot

########
Rank: 5
Score: 44.92295
Retrieved Text: As last month’s topic was about using shoelaces as an alternative to hair ribbons, the question has come up about knowing which hair ribbons match which shoelaces as shown in the the example I gave with the golf shoes below.
The one thing I’ve done across all of my shoelace shops as well as my hair ribbon shop is to provide consistent names to matching colors of ribbon/shoelaces for each fabric type. In the example above, the 1/4″ grosgrain shoelaces and the 7/8″ hair ribbon are both labeled as “Red”. I’ve done this for Satin, Organza and Grosgrain shoelaces and hair ribbons for all widths. The examples below show just how easy it is to match shoelaces to hair ribbons.
If you’d like to match 5/8″ shoelaces to 1/5″ hair ribbons, note the colors on the listing. You’ll notice that each color is available for both the shoelaces and the hair ribbons, and no matter how they may appear on your screen, colors with the same names match, so while Spruce may appear darker on the shoelaces listing, it indeed matches the Spruce on the hair ribbon listing.
For purchasing these items, the hair ribbons are available at one shop, and the shoelaces are available at three shops.
The same applies to the 5/8″ organza shoelaces and the 7/8″ organza hair ribbons. Note that there are colors in the hair ribbons (yellow, rust and lime), that don’t have a corresponding shoelace color, so always do a cross reference before purchasing to ensure there is a corresponding match in your color.
And

########
Rank: 6
Score: 43.731983
Retrieved Text: Harbour Publishing: Meet Mike McCardell!
Meet Mike McCardell, bestselling author and CTV personality, at a series of book signings for his new book, Shoelaces Are Hard: And Other Thoughtful Scribbles.
Mike McCardell’s instinct for finding the perfect story at just the right time has led him to a lifetime of great scoops and gripping tales as an author and Vancouver news icon. In Shoelaces Are Hard, McCardell takes on such diverse subjects as four-year-old tobogganists, incarcerated snowmen, 105-year-old tai chi masters, and the meaning of life. Although his stories tackle hardships of all kinds, McCardell reminds us that, as with learning to tie our shoelaces, much can be accomplished with a little help and a lot of perseverance.
Until December 31, 2018, partial sales proceeds from each copy of Shoelaces Are Hard will also be donated to the BC Women’s Hospital Newborn Intensive Care Unit to support the miraculous and lifesaving work they do every day.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 43.005955
Retrieved Text: Berlin, September 16, 2018 – Costumes, red shoelaces and a dancing bear: Taiwan Excellence – an initiative of the Taiwan Bureau of Foreign Trade (BOFT) and the Taiwan External Trade Development Council (TAITRA) – was again remarkably original and colorful during today’s BMW Berlin Marathon. While the Taiwan Excellence Marathon Team impressed the crowds with sound performances on the course across the German capital, their motivation was further fueled by an enthusiastic cheer team and bear mascot, awaiting them at the Taiwan Excellence hotspot at the 40 kilometer point of the course.
"The BMW Berlin Marathon and the Berlin Vital Trade Fair are the most important events for Taiwan Excellence in Germany. This multifaceted sporting event provides an opportunity to present our values and innovations to an audience with the same high level of expectations we have for our products," explained TAITRA Chairman James C.F. Huang.
The eight German and 12 Taiwanese runners began their day with a team photo in their official Taiwan Excellence gear and the distinctive #ReachYourExcellence laces in front of the Reichstag building in Berlin. The marathon started at 9:15 am. Coach Piet Könnicke seemed very confident as the team approached the starting line, commenting that "the training phase went very smoothly; our runners are well prepared for the big day." The same optimistic spirit prevailed at the Taiwan Excellence hotspot.
The visitors at the Taiwan Excellence Hotspot cheered when Eliud Kipchoge from Kenya reached the 40km mark, as he was already at a world record pace of 1:55:32. Also the Taiwan Excellence Marathon Team

########
Rank: 8
Score: 42.27585
Retrieved Text: This lesson explores the connections between poverty and unemployment. Discovering that there are not enough living-wage jobs available for everyone who wants one, students begin to see how poverty is caused by systemic factors, not individual shortcomings.
What is cyclic unemployment? How is unemployment during a recession different from persistent unemployment?
How are poverty and unemployment connected?
How are poverty and discrimination connected?
What groups are most likely to experience unemployment and poverty in the United States? Why?
This lesson begins by helping students understand the connections between poverty and unemployment. Students participate in a game of musical chairs that simulates the job market, helping them see that one reason for poverty is that there are not enough jobs for everyone who wants one. Then they explore other factors that also contribute to poverty—education and geography, for example—that are part of the legacy of discrimination in this country. They find that African Americans and Hispanics are more likely to be unemployed, and more likely to live in poverty, than white or Asian Americans. In subsequent lessons, students explore more deeply the ways that poverty affects people, and how it perpetuates inequality in the United States.
Introduction: Many factors contribute to poverty. Most, if not all, of them—such as low-quality education, lack of adequate food and healthcare, and geographic location—can be traced to the legacy of discrimination that plagues people of color in the United States. Among the factors that often contribute to poverty are unemployment and underemployment. Put simply, many people live in poverty because they are unable to find a job

########
Rank: 9
Score: 42.082073
Retrieved Text: Trust us Mundies, you don't want to be denied all of this!
1. When he bumped into Clary and didn't apologize.
2. Lying right to Clary's face about the Shadowhunters' motto.
Although they do look good in black.
3. Stealing a vampire's motorcycle.
That motorcycle was Brad's life! His everything!
4. Crashing Luke's car and just brushing it off.
He doesn't do mundane driving, okay.
5. Breaking into the Police department.
That's like a super serious crime, you guys.
6. Hanging up on Alec when he was trying to have a serious conversation.
Is that any way to treat your parabatai?
7. Accusing Lydia of treason.
If only you just took the time to get to know her, you would realize she's a pretty cool lady!
8. When he stopped Raj from doing his job.
Poor Raj, he's always getting the raw end of the deal.
9. When he tells Meliorn that if Clary doesn't make it out soon, he is going to be meditating six feet under.
The Sass King has arrived, ladies and gentleman.
10. Threatening to kill his Dad.
Seriously, have you ever heard of respecting your elders?
11. Cutting off Hodge's hand, leaving him with only one left!
It's a cruel world when a man can't even tie his own shoelaces.
12. Cutting off Hodge's hand, leaving him with only one left!
13. When he stole Hodge's ring without his permission.
Just because you chopped off someone's hand DOESN'T mean you can call dibs on their hand jewelry.
14. AND when he then kidnaps Hodge and tortures him for information.
You're giving your bad-boy persona a bad name, Jace!
Share this with a friend who is as big a

########
Rank: 10
Score: 42.068333
Retrieved Text: When you are injured due to the act(s) or omission(s) of another, you may be entitled to compensation for your monetary losses as well as any associated pain and suffering. One prerequisite for obtaining compensation for your harm is liability.
This means that the person or entity that caused your injury must have had a duty to exercise reasonable care to prevent your harm. For instance, we all have a duty to drive safetly, so when a car runs a red light, the driver has breached his or her duty to drive safely.
Included in the concept of liability, is causation. This means that the person or entity's breach of duty must be the substantial cause of your harm. For instance, the puddle of water on the floor of your favorite store repesents a breach of the store owner's duty to maintain the premises in a safe conditon.
If you trip over your shoelaces; however, it will not result in a viable personal injury claim. This is because it was your shoelaces and not the puddle of water that was the substantial cause of your harm.
Once liability has been established, generally you must have actual damages. This means that you must have suffered an economic loss as a result of your injury. If you received medical treatment, your damages are likely adequate to pursue a personal injury claim.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 41.806168
Retrieved Text: Frustrated by shoelaces that constantly come undone, or do you or someone you know require assistance in converting your shoes to slip-ons?
Easily solve these issues with No Tie Shoelaces.
Our high-quality elastic shoelaces are an easy and economical solution to allow you to slip your shoes on and off, without the need to tie the laces. Once installed, No Tie Shoelaces are a simple solution to assist the elderly, kids who are not yet able to tie their shoelaces, athletes, special needs, recreational sportsmen and women, or anyone just wanting to make a change and not have to tie their shoelaces.
No Tie Shoelaces are available in a range of fashion colours, so why not have a browse and find a colour that will just right for your favourite pair of shoes. No tying required!

########
Rank: 12
Score: 41.666634
Retrieved Text: Forget about the shoes – learn how to clean shoelaces!
This article covers how to clean white shoelaces, coloured laces and even fancier leather ones and how to keep them looking fresh long-term.
Getting the details right is key to nailing a look, and a pair of lace-up shoes is only as good as their laces. Got something on your shoelaces, making them look less pristine? Worry not – we've got the tricks for getting them back into shape, whether they're white or dyed! Read on for our handy guide on how to wash shoelaces of all different types as well as how to keep them looking fresh long-term.
Remove the laces from the shoes.
Clean white shoelaces with bleach – this will help remove nasty stains. Simply place them in a bucket of water with 25ml of bleach and 2 litres of water.
Soak for around five minutes, then remove from the bucket and place in a mesh laundry bag.
Put the laundry bag in the washing machine and do a hot wash with some good quality laundry detergent.
Follow the steps as above, but rather than pre-soaking in bleach, use a liquid detergent like Persil Colour liquid.
Wash as above and leave to dry naturally, away from direct sunlight (which can cause colours to fade).
It’s important to clean shoelaces made from leather without soaking or using the washing machine, as both techniques are too harsh on this more fragile material.
Instead, use a damp cloth dipped in warm water and run it along the lace to remove any stains. You might need a

########
Rank: 13
Score: 41.556713
Retrieved Text: William, who is nearly six years old, is one of more than 100 Central Indiana children with special needs who receives physical and occupational therapies on horseback at The Children’s TherAplay Foundation.
He and his occupational therapist Leah had been working so hard on tying shoelaces in occupational therapy, but they’d reached a plateau, that is until Meyer Shank Racing’s Indianapolis 500 driver Jack Harvey entered the picture.
As William and Jack spent time together in the May 8 Children’s TherAplay #Horsepower500, a tricycle race between the Indy 500 drivers to help raise funds and awareness for Children’s TherAplay, they talked about tying shoelaces: how fun it is, how helpful, how Jack uses this very same skill. And that really meant something to William.
In celebration of William’s accomplishment, Meyer Shank Racing and Jack Harvey will host William at the Speedway for a quick photo and interview opportunity at the IMS Pagoda Plaza, where Jack and William will both tie their shoelaces on the historic yard of bricks.
The Children’s TherAplay Foundation is one of the few clinics in the country dedicated to providing physical and occupational therapies on horseback for children with special needs. Their therapists combine a sensory-rich, child-centered clinic with hippotherapy – the movement of horses – to provide carefully graded motor, sensory, and neurological input.
Children’s TherAplay provides more than 700 one-on-one treatments each month for Central Indiana children 18 months – 13 years with diagnoses such as cerebral palsy, Down syndrome, autism spectrum disorders, developmental delay, traumatic brain injury, and congenital abnormalities.
Each hour of treatment costs

########
Rank: 14
Score: 41.472168
Retrieved Text: After my mother died we put my father in a home.
Funny how that sounds like a confession! It sounds like abandonment, like kids who don’t care and don’t want to be bothered with a dotty, demanding old man.
In fact it was the best we could do for him. The home – actually two houses on adjoining suburban lots – was a little shabby, but the lawn was green and mowed smooth enough for walkers and wheelchairs, and the tree between the houses was huge, with comfortable chairs set out in the shade. The caregivers were kind. The food was delicious and plentiful. It didn’t feel like an institution, but it was safe, staffed by people who understood how to care for people with his condition.
He had a little room to himself that opened out onto a grassy area. Outside the sliding glass door we put potted plants that used to stand on their stoep – his and Marmeee’s – and a small clay garden gnome that my sister the Kat had given them. The room itself was very small, but we made it big with the framed photographs from their trips to America, and the life-size photograph of the first (and last) trout Marmeee ever fished for, the intensely colorful blanket she had crocheted on the bed, a few books that we hoped he might still be able to read. You know … the random odds and ends that one hopes, against all odds, will make a place home.
Oh, and a chocolate Easter bunny. That was

########
Rank: 15
Score: 41.424767
Retrieved Text: No doubt about that. Riggins once laid down on the floor behind the dinner table, tuxedo and all, and took a nap during a Washington affair of state.
But off-the-field antics won`t get you into the Pro Football Hall of Fame. An illustrious 14-year pro career with two teams, including 13,435 combined net yards, 116 touchdowns and a Super Bowl victory, are much better credentials.
Riggins, who surpassed most of Gale Sayers` rushing records at the University of Kansas, will be inducted into the pro football shrine Saturday in Canton, Ohio, along with former tight end John Mackey, cornerback Lem Barney and Raiders owner Al Davis.
Riggins always was a free spirit. He had five impressive years with the Jets, who drafted him No. 1 in 1971. Yet he played out his option after the 1975 season after asking the Jets for a contract that matched quarterback Joe Namath`s. Riggins knew he wouldn`t get the salary boost but, because the Jets were losers, wanted to play without a contract so he could become a free agent.
The bruising 6-foot-2-inch, 240-pound power runner signed on the next year with coach George Allen and the Redskins. In 1978 and 1979, he put together 1000-yard seasons under Allen`s successor, Jack Pardee.
Still, Riggins wasn`t completely satisfied. After a heart-breaking Redskin 35-34 loss to Dallas on the last day of the 1979 season, he had second thoughts about continuing his career. ''I played as well as I ever played and we still lost,'' he sulked.
Gibbs didn`t get to meet Riggins that trip. Riggins was out

########
Rank: 16
Score: 41.149864
Retrieved Text: There is a reason I sound like a boxing announcer: I attack life. pre emotive strikes, show no cracks, no weakness.
I don’t fear the knockouts.
I fear the concussion, the dizziness, the lack of focus caused by sly media rabbit punches to the back of my head. A roundhouse kick when I thought we were playing chess.
You gasp at the realisation at what this is.
You can exhale if you want to.
Many do not get that luxury.
So I lean on the ropes, tuck in to take some blows, ready for those who’ve got plenty of spare twine for a lynching or making shoelaces.
Love me like Cassius? or only when he was Muhammed Ali? Mumbling, bedridden and lost his potency.
I am TOO LOUD you say? Somewhere between a Rock star and Butlins Bluecoat. We are cracking skulls tonight? No. Cracking jokes.
But on stage under the lights I am always thinking how many I’ve known, lost to police choke holds.
Hold onto that thought whilst I hit you back.
I don’t have time to enunciate, try and placate, find some middle ground when I taste the canvas.
You’ve already given me the nickname ‘trouble’ – so whatever happens next, I am going to have to take you with me.
The Bell rings: Round one.
I have trained for this fight, whether I wanted to or not.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 41.036552
Retrieved Text: Ever made a promise to someone? To yourself? But what are the most important promises we can ever make?
When I first came to work in a township in South Africa I wanted to do everything - solve every problem and remove all the pain. As you probably know if you read my blog I ended up helping to raise a pair of twins and, later, their baby brother when he entered the world, as their family need a helping hand.
I was talking to the boy from the township whom I help raise the other day and it taught me more about the power of God than reading books about spirituality ever did, or maybe those very books about spirituality made me have that conversation? Who knows? God?
As 2019 is approaching everyone and their dog are evaluating the year gone by and making plans for the new year. So what will really change your life?
How you communicate impacts your life on a day-to-day basis. Ever met someone with a weak handshake? A grumpy waiter? A person who always apologizes for themselves? Someone with a short fuse? A person hiding in the corners? Ever felt put off by these people? But are they really bad people, or are they just having communication issues?
When something becomes normal you stop noticing it. When you first learned to tie your shoelaces, you noticed every single step of tying them. You noticed because you were trying to remember what to do. Today you can tie your shoelaces without thinking. So you don't

########
Rank: 18
Score: 40.96935
Retrieved Text: Are You Tying Your Shoes Incorrectly?
As a child, one of the first milestones you hit was when you finally learned how to tie your shoes. Think about it: your world opens up as a child when you finally understand how to tie your own shoelaces. It gives you a freedom that you previously did not have. When you can tie your own shoelaces, you do not have to rely on your parents or other caretakers to tie your shoes for you any longer. Your ability to get up and go is greatly elevated, which both scares and delights your caretakers. You most likely learned the “bunny ears” technique when you tied your shoes. However, we might just rock your world today and inform you that you’ve been tying your shoes the wrong way this entire time!
Scientists at the University of California, Berkeley, studied the mechanics behind the unraveling of shoes. In this study, they examined a woman running on a treadmill and measured the gravitational force that was pulling on the shoelaces. They discovered that different types of knots yielded different results, and the most common shoelace knots were not the most effective way to tie shoes. Traditional shoelace tying involves crossing over the left tie to the right, pulling the left end though the loop, and then repeating. The more effective way to tie a knot that stays put involves crossing the left lace over the right and then crossing the right lace over the left. This type of knot is known as the square

########
Rank: 19
Score: 40.831226
Retrieved Text: Do you require bulk lots of shoelaces for Fundraising, Awareness Events or shoelaces for schools? We have solutions that offer well below recommended retail prices, on products we specifically stock for this purpose.
We offer quality flat sports shoelaces for Pink or Blue Awareness as well as bulk shoelaces for school shoes and school activities or crafts.
If you have questions regarding ordering shoelaces in bulk quantities, we're here to help, so please don't hesitate to contact us.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 40.66986
Retrieved Text: How Many Medic Alert's Have You Purchased?
To Play Ball or Not to Play Ball?
My "Christian's" ankle is not in great shape. It's a target joint and has continued to give him problems. I am noticing that when he runs he adds a skip into his gait. Without his brace, he turns his ankle to 90 degrees. He's protecting it. Without knowing he is doing it, he protects his ankle so that he doesn't endure the horrible pain he has had in the past.
Am I doing the right thing letting him playing tee ball? I am really starting to question myself.
Christian was fitted for a brace to support his ankle several months ago. It has really helped him out. His hematologist was worried that Christian might even develop a bleed in his hip because he was over compensating for his ankle. I have to let him take a break from his brace occasionally because it rubs against his leg and it gets hot. I also hate that it makes him "look" different.
I am waiting on a call to have an MRI taken as well as an initial consultation so that he can start physical therapy. With his inhibitor, we just have to keep on going with the hopes of getting on Factor VIII soon. At a fellow hemophilia mom's persuasion, I am going to insist that we have regular MRI's to keep tabs on any damage that is being done.
As a former colleague of mine used to say, "we'll just keep on keeping on."
When you have a

########
Rank: 21
Score: 40.500397
Retrieved Text: Weavile had the DAY off as complaints about being OP has stressed him out, this is all we could find at such short notice... and now he won't go home. He did however, get into our medicine cabinet and ate some more pills; this has made him less utterly useless.
Those plastic things on the end of your shoelaces, terrified of those.
That, somewhere in the world, a deer is drinking from a stream. And looks up. At him.
What the hell is this creature m8? U wot?

########
Rank: 22
Score: 40.19967
Retrieved Text: Black and White Checkered Print Shoelaces for Chucks.
Give your chucks a distinctive look with these black and white checkered print shoelaces. The laces can be worn flat like fat laces or rolled for a narrower round look. Order 45 inch checkered laces for shoes with seven eyelet pairs, 54 inch checkered laces for shoes with eight eyelet pairs, and 63 inch checkered laces for shoes with nine eyelet pairs. The laces are 3/4 inches wide. To see how these laces look on various pairs of chucks, go to the Checkered Print Shoelaces On Chucks Gallery.
Black and Pink Checkered Print Shoelaces for Chucks.
Give your chucks a distinctive look with these black and pink checkered print shoelaces. The laces can be worn flat like fat laces or rolled for a narrower round look. These 45 inch checkered laces are made for shoes with seven eyelet pairs, but could be worn on shoes with eight eyelet pairs, untied or tied at the seventh eyelet. The laces are 9/16 inches wide. To see how these laces look on various pairs of chucks, go to the Checkered Print Shoelaces On Chucks Gallery.
Rainbow Checkered Print Shoelaces for Chucks.
Give your chucks a distinctive look with these multicolored checkered print shoelaces. The laces can be worn flat like fat laces or rolled for a narrower round look. These 45 inch checkered laces are made for shoes with seven eyelet pairs, but could be worn on shoes with eight eyelet pairs, untied or tied at the seventh eyelet. The laces are 9/16 inches wide. To

########
Rank: 23
Score: 40.172714
Retrieved Text: It’s funny how children are all so different. Even though Casper has been kicking a ball since he made his first steps and can confidentially climb any object you can imagine (help!), the development of his fine motor skills are less progressed. He only just now learned to tie his own shoelaces — on the brink of his sixth birthday. My other children were definitely able to do it earlier!
I posted the above photo of this accomplishment on my Instagram feed and received a few handy tips I thought would be handy to share here. Here are five simple tips for learning to tie shoelaces, surely they will help your child feel more confident to master the trick!
It sounds obvious, but do let your child wear shoes with laces. If they only wear step ins or shoes with velcro closure, they will never learn.
Make sure the laces are long enough (or don’t lace the top hole of the shoe to allow more lace to work with).
First let your child master the basic knot. Once he or she masters that trick, get on with the other steps.
Colour one half of the shoelaces with permanent marker so that it is easier to identify the two different loops.
Cross over the laces and then tuck the aglets into the top hole on each side to make the loops. Then the loops stay by themselves and their hands are free to tie the loops together.
If you have other tips, feel welcomed to share!
PS A simple tip to to make brushing children’s

########
Rank: 24
Score: 40.095684
Retrieved Text: For the opening film selection, we watched SHOELACES which is a very heart-warming film! Nominated for 8 Israeli Awards including Best Film, SHOELACES is a brilliant dramedy about an aging mechanic with major health issues including kidney failure who finds himself taking custody of his special-needs son that he abandoned as a child. The story unravels as the two face a series of very difficult challenges with having to learn each other while at the same time, dealing with their own physical and emotional struggles. Eventually, their relationship is beautifully restored as they learn to depend on one another and ultimately, forgive one another as they equally forgive themselves. There is a lot to be learned through this film and what we see in the end is, with practice and perseverance, we can work through the most difficult of situations and master them as efficiently as tying our shoelaces!
For more information about the Atlanta Jewish Film Festival, please visit www.ajff.org.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 40.056385
Retrieved Text: Today's Wednesday word is aglet. It is the name for the small plastic tubes that they put around the end of your shoelaces. I am not really sure why it even has a name, but just in case you were wondering, you now know.
"His shoelaces had been circumcised - completely devoid of any aglets"

########
Rank: 26
Score: 39.975307
Retrieved Text: Do you know what shoelaces are made of? Most are made of rope making materials, such as cotton, hemp, leather, etc. And these materials accumulate dirt, grime faster even though laces roughly touch the ground. A pair of filthy shoelace will harm your overall outfit, no matter how fresh or stylish they are. On the flip side, dirty shoelaces would get smelly with time which could turn into an embarrassment for you, when you are in between of a meeting, or hanging out with your friends, or dating your girlfriend or whatever.
But luckily, there are some ways which can help you to clean your shoelaces and the best part is, you won’t have to pay a big buck for that. Yes! In this article, I am going to show you how to clean shoelaces perfectly. So shall we get started?
How to clean white laces?
You have to be little careful when cleaning white laces because white thing gets stained quickly. On the other hand, stain marks on whites are highly noticeable. And to remove stains from white laces we are going to use bleach, although it is a harmful chemical. Before you step on to cleaning white laces with bleach make sure you wear rubber gloves and eye-glass.
Don’t make the mistake of cleaning laces when they are attached to the shoe. You’ll be able to clean them way more effective if you remove them.
Scrub the lace with the brush in order to loose dried and caked on dirt and grimes. Brush back and forth, all dried dirt

########
Rank: 27
Score: 39.865463
Retrieved Text: [Dear Faithful readers –all six of you—I do not know what to write for this possibly last edition (for now) in this two-faced series, except to start with one or more apologies. You may have thought I was kidding when I averred to “handing in” my work a few minutes before midnight each Friday, when Dr. Agonson wishes he were in bed, and demanding he edit my work before publishing. I was not. I will never apologize to him, as he missed a typo once.
No, my apology is to you, Dear Reader, for last week’s post. When, between bouts of snoring, Dr. Agonson asked me what my writing had to do with the supposed theme under which I wrote, I was indeed mystified. How could anyone—doctor or not—be so obtuse? Then I—between bouts of snoring—took another glance at my work. What had I been thinking? Oh, my spadework was all there, I had run the shoelaces through their holes, but what of the cinching up—without which a topic—other than the stated topic—accidentally emerged. This made me rather cross with Dr. Agonson, I fear, for waiting ‘til so late on a Friday night to edit my work. But alas, he is old. I forgive him, of course, but not enough to let my grown children ride with him.
So I apologize profusely for forgetting to cinch the strings into proving beyond the shadow of a doubt that we have consciousness as we rest, awaiting our adoption as sons, the redemption of our bodies—or awaiting a resurrection to shame

########
Rank: 28
Score: 39.819214
Retrieved Text: DOOHICKIES Custom Lacing is a must-have for Kids!: Giveaway Opportunity!
You are here: Home / Featured Products of the Week / DOOHICKIES Custom Lacing is a must-have for Kids!
DOOHICKIES Custom Lacing is a must-have for Kids! Giveaway Opportunity!
Do you have a child who hates shoelaces? I know that I do! Yes, I know that it is important to learn to tie shoes but my son has always rather have shoes with out them. So, he would be thrilled with no shoelaces!
Yes, there are Velcro shoes but sometimes they really just aren’t as cool or stylish as the shoes with shoelaces. Well, now there is another option!
DOOHICKIES! These are a new colorful and completely customizable shoelace replacement system that turns kids’ sneakers into slip-ons! DOOHICKIES lacing works by threading seamlessly through the eyelets of any shoe, then snapping in place for a hassle-free fit. Fasten once and kids never have to tie their sneakers again!
We received a sample in a cool Camo which is perfect for boys! There is a wide variety of colors/styles to choose from. What I really like about these are that they are super easy to use. We tried them out on a pair of my son’s sneakers, and he was quite impressed that his shoes no longer needed to be tied. So, to put it mildly, these were a big hit!
DOOHICKIES are one-size-fits-all for boys and girls. Kids get to choose from super fun color packs and a number of different lacing techniques. They are available for purchase online at DOOHICKIES.com and at

########
Rank: 29
Score: 39.70807
Retrieved Text: White, Black, Red, Metal Grey, Royal Blue, Natural, and Navy Blue shoelaces shown on various models of high top chucks.
1 Black Classic Shoelaces Black high top with black laces.
3 Black Classic Shoelaces Navy blue high top with black laces.
4 Black Classic Shoelaces Natural white high top with black laces.
5 Black Classic Shoelaces Core color high top chucks with black laces.
6 Black Classic Shoelaces Black flames high top with black laces.
7 Black Classic Shoelaces Black and red foldover high top with black laces.
8 Metal Grey Classic Laces Black high top with metal grey laces.
9 Metal Grey Classic Laces Red high top with metal grey laces.
10 Metal Grey Classic Laces Navy blue high top with metal grey laces.
11 Metal Grey Classic Laces Optical white high top with metal grey laces.
12 Metal Grey Classic Laces Core color high tops with metal grey laces.
13 Metal Grey Classic Laces Pink high top with metal grey laces.
14 Metal Grey Classic Laces Charcoal grey high top with metal grey laces.
15 Metal Grey Classic Laces Kelly green high top with metal grey laces.
16 Natural Classic Shoelaces Black high top with natural laces.
17 Natural Classic Shoelaces Red high top with natural laces.
18 Natural Classic Shoelaces Navy blue high top with natural laces.
19 Natural Classic Shoelaces Unbleached white high top with natural laces.
20 Natural Classic Shoelaces Core color high tops with natural laces.
21 Navy Blue Classic Shoelaces Black high top with navy blue laces.
22 Navy Blue Classic Shoelaces Red high top with navy blue laces.
23 Navy Blue Classic Shoelaces Navy blue high top with navy blue

================



======= Instance Index 1826 =========
Input Text: Snoopy thought Charlie wanted to play fetch, but Charlie was just treating his pet what for fleas?
Choose the most suitable option to answer the above question.
Options:
- house
- cat
- carpet
- rug
- dog

Target Text: dog

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 56.481197
Retrieved Text: Charlie Brown is alive. And he loves to run. All he ever wants to do is to pull and run.
Charlie Brown is a sled dog. A speed dog. Streamlining, he pushes his way through the air.
Ears back, eyes focused. Charlie Brown; proud member of our speed team.
But Charlie Brown was not always like that. This is the story of an I-don’t-really-like-to-pull-sleds dog to an I-just-love-this-stuff dog.
Charlie Brown came to us together with his brother Snoopy from a great sled dog family when they were 12 weeks old, but they were two entirely different dogs.
Snoopy was an explorer and could not wait until we put the harness on him for the first time. When we were preparing a team Snoopy was always excited, jumping all over the place, yapping and howling. “Take me, take me,” was his message. “I want to run.” He just wanted to be a sled dog.
Not so much Charlie Brown. When he saw us preparing the team, he hid in his dog house. No excitement at all. “Just leave me here, please. I don’t like it.” He was quite smaller than his brother and he was shy, very shy.
We were able to lure him out of his hiding shell with a treat, but he stood there frozen. The other five dogs of the team were jumping all over the place. Charlie Brown was scared.
During the runs he did not pull. All he wanted was to go back to his pen as soon as possible. So after a few months we decided that Charlie

########
Rank: 1
Score: 51.4343
Retrieved Text: What is the name of Charlie Brown's little sister in the "Peanuts" comic strip?
What famous person from WWI does Snoopy pretend to battle from the top of his dog house in the comic strip "Peanuts"?
What is Lucy and Linus's last name in the cartoon strip "Peanuts"?
In the "Peanuts" cartoon strip, who does Marcie call "Sir"?
What US space mission named the command module "Charlie Brown" and the lunar module "Snoopy"?
The "Peanuts" characters played baseball frequently. Who isn't matched with their usual position?
Who does Linus wait for every year at Halloween in the "Peanuts" comic strip?
In the "Peanuts" comic strip, Schroeder plays a toy piano very well. Who is his favorite classical composer?
Charles Schulz, the creator of "Peanuts" passed away in what year?
In the "Peanuts" comic strip, how much does Lucy charge for psychiatric help at her booth?
What was the name of the puppy farm in "Peanuts" where Charlie Brown got Snoopy, his pet beagle?
Who is Charlie Brown in love with in the comic strip "Peanuts"?
In the "Peanuts" Lucy is infatuated with this character who constantly rebuffs her advances.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 51.418697
Retrieved Text: A classic Peanuts Christmas cartoon special is set to air this evening... It&apos;s just probably not the one you are thinking of.
Charlie Brown, Snoopy, Linus, Lucy and the rest of the Peanuts gang have provided us with countless holiday memories that continue to entertain new generations of viewers. Everyone knows what a Charlie Brown Christmas Tree looks like, and the dejected, depressive mood of the "blockhead" has often been imitated (but rarely replicated).
The classic special from 1965, A Charlie Brown Christmas, is likely the most memorable for Peanuts fans. But that special already aired earlier this month, so if you&apos;re looking to watch that you&apos;ll have to find another way to do so besides network television.
However, if you still need your Peanuts fix, there is another, lesser-known (but still endearing) special that revolves around Christmas that airs Saturday night: I Want a Dog for Christmas, Charlie Brown.
First airing in 2003, the special stars an unlikely Peanuts character: the younger brother of Linus and Lucy Van Pelt, Rerun (Jimmy Bennett). Desperately wanting a dog for Christmas (but being told by both his mother and older sister he can&apos;t have one), Rerun instead seeks to spend time with his favorite dog pal, Snoopy.
Rerun is disappointed to find out that Snoopy is busy doing, well, Snoopy things. So Rerun asks Snoopy to invite his cousin Spike from the desert-esque community of Needles, California, to visit instead. Spike makes the trip to hang out with Rerun, and of course it doesn&apos;t go down as planned. Rerun&apos;s older sister Lucy (Ashley

########
Rank: 3
Score: 47.95191
Retrieved Text: Charles Schulz' beloved Peanuts characters come to life in this charming musical celebrating a day in the life of Charlie Brown and friends. Perfect for the whole family.
...and not waiting a month to review it.
This was a fine production. It didn't blow me away, but it was as good as any SDP production I've seen. The real star, to me, was the set and the lighting. They helped tell the story nicely.
As Charlie Brown, Chase Davidson's voice took some getting used to. He spoke and sang like Anthony Rapp on helium. His delivery could be a bit too theatrical at times, instead of just presenting his lines straightforward like he was talking to a friend. I bet this sounds like I didn't like him, but I quite enjoyed him and want to see more from him in the future. He's got a great presence and I'm hoping I can see/hear his "real" singing voice and not the nasal version.
Liz Birmingham nailed Sally, and I loved that she didn't copy Kristen Chenowith's exact vocal inflections during My New Philosophy. I was afraid she may have taken the predictable route and done that, but she pleasantly blazed her own trail there.
Taylor Driskill has the best belt I've heard since Laine Binder's. And before you try playing the bias card, let me say that they're technically not friends (not yet - hopefully one day). I've met each of them once, but don't "know know" them per se. Also, since I know a lot of people read this site, let

########
Rank: 4
Score: 47.683365
Retrieved Text: Charles Shultz’ comic creation The Peanuts Movie hit the big screen earlier this month and Titan Comics has been releasing volumes all year to commemorate the occasion.
Snoopy and the kids looked a lot different in the early strips, (Charlie Brown himself sometimes missing his signature zig-zag shirt) but the timeless humor of the daily and Sunday Peanuts comics can still resonate with children of all ages today.
Titan Comics offered us a look at these modern day reprints of classic black and white Peanuts strips from the early days before Snoopy took on The Red Baron.
Titan has the rights to reproduce favorites from my childhood, the Rinehart & Company (Holt, Rinehart & Winston) collected black and white paperbacks accumulated from yard sales or perhaps even my parent’s well spent youth.
It had been years since I remembered even reading these books, and as an adult a new appreciation and nostalgia sets in.
As hard as it may be to believe, Charlie Brown was fooled by Lucy’s football trick for a first time. Schroeder played upon a toy piano with the black keys painted on (just don’t call it a toy piano if you want to keep your block intact) and Linus’ blanket even gets a break sometimes (in the washer-dryer cycle).
Early Peanuts takes a look at the neighborhood through the eyes of kids that take on personas of little adults until the punchline hits. Charlie Brown was or never will be the manager of an actual baseball team. The cold, harsh reality is that he has to take his

########
Rank: 5
Score: 47.1149
Retrieved Text: Love the Wimp? Well, this is gonna be the year of Charlie. Look up the Peanuts movie. Trust us. Way before the Wimpy Kid, there was Charlie Brown. Plagued by bad luck and insecurity, but with a heart of gold. Plus over 355 million fans all around the world. Oh yes, and a very cute dog named Snoopy. But why does Snoopy sleep on the roof of his kennel? Maybe it’s because Charlie is always in the doghouse! Now, just like Greg Heffley, Charlie has his own crazy diary full of giggles, cartoons and disasters. Twelve laugh-your-head-off stories – one for each month of the year.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 47.0654
Retrieved Text: In celebration of the 52nd anniversary of 'A Charlie Brown Christmas,' we take a look at six factors that helped make this show a timeless and treasured classic.
At one point in A Charlie Brown Christmas, Charles Schulz&apos;s script had the character of Linus explain the meaning of Christmas by reciting a passage from the Gospel of Luke. Yet pretty much the only person who was sure that this recitation needed to take place was Schulz himself.
While the cartoonist was determined to use the religious text, both executive producer Lee Mendelson and director Bill Melendez wondered if an animated special was the right vehicle for such content. According to The Art and Making of Peanuts Animation: Celebrating Fifty Years of Television Specials, Melendez told Schulz (whose nickname was Sparky), "Sparky, this is religion. It just doesn&apos;t go in a cartoon." But Schulz had a simple response: "Bill, if we don&apos;t do it, who will? We can do it."
The passage stayed in — and the multitude of viewers who treasure this moment are doubtless glad it did.
In A Charlie Brown Christmas, Charlie Brown is frustrated by the commercialization of the holiday: his dog Snoopy wants to win a holiday decorating contest, his sister Sally is anxious about receiving her "fair share" of presents, and his friend Lucy yearns for the gift of real estate. Attempting to get in touch with the real spirit of Christmas, Charlie Brown picks out a small, struggling tree instead of a shiny aluminum one, but he and his tree are only laughed at.
Besides

########
Rank: 7
Score: 46.866478
Retrieved Text: Peanuts and Charlie Brown is funny and sometimes touching but it is also well known for its wonderful homespun and insightful philosophies.
And we can always learn from wise words – even when they appear in cartoon form!
Charlie: “I can’t stop thinking about it, Linus. After all the humiliating disasters she witnessed this year, why would she choose me? Was she feeling sorry for me? I don’t want her to choose me just because she was feeling sorry for me. I have slightly more dignity than that”.
I’m a product of the 90’s. In my opinion one of the most unique decades in recent generations. This time period gave us brightly colored neon clothes, boy bands, and some of the most unique and popular toy brands ever.
Anyone who knew me growing up can tell you that I ate up many of those memorable TV shows, movies, and music. I enjoyed watching Pokemon, Power Rangers, Transformers and many others and played with my toys for hours on end. One of the most popular cartoons and comic strips of all time is ‘Peanuts’ and I lapped it up.
The comic strip debuted in the 1940s, it continued to stay globally popular into 2000 until the author, Charles M. Schulz, decided to retire.
‘Peanuts’ centered around a lovable, kind, and compassionate boy, Charlie Brown. Charlie desired to be the most popular and most talented student in school. He wanted the spotlight and wanted to be the best he could be. The comics followed him as he made attempts to try new activities and

########
Rank: 8
Score: 46.24945
Retrieved Text: Snoopy References In Marvel. Good day dear reader. With the current economic modern period, information regarding the introduction of technologies is actually easy to acquire. You can find a number of reports, ideas, articles, from any location in just a few moments. And also information about your ideal home may be accessed from several free web sites.
The same as now, you are searching for understanding of Snoopy References In Marvel, arent you? Simply sit in front of your loved one computer or laptop that's certainly coupled to the Internet, you will definately get different exciting new concepts and countless uses for flash for your purposes.
Which are the idea of Snoopy References In Marvel that we demonstrate on this page relates to the request report about Snoopy References In Marvel. We learned that many people explore Snoopy References In Marvel on search engines like google like bing. We often present a most recent graphic for you personally.
Although in your opinion, which weve offered an ideal Snoopy References In Marvel picture, however, your opinion might be little bit diverse with us. Okay, Technology-not only because the research material only. And Snoopy References In Marvel has become submitted by admin in category field.
Amazing Fairly Odd Parents Wiki Fandom .
Beautiful Pu0026amp;F Cast Dancelike Peanuts .
High Quality Snoopy References ... .
Good HomeSpun Charlie Brown Christmas Parody.png .
My Hero Dog: Masked Marvel! By BradSnoopy97 ... .
... Both Universeu0027s Making It Funnier And A Dead On Parody Rather Than Just Random Image Mix Upswith The Snoopy/Galactus One Being Particulary Well Observed .
As Part

########
Rank: 9
Score: 46.19259
Retrieved Text: Peanuts, the internationally loved American comic strip created by Charles Schulz, has been translated into 21 languages in more than 2,200 newspapers in 75 countries. The series, which follows the adventures of Charlie Brown and his pet beagle, Snoopy, teaches lessons to be learned from daily life.
This Japan-designed Snoopy Tote bag uses pure cotton and original Peanuts comic color palette that brings out the essence of Charlie Brown characters. The tote bag is great for carrying little stuff out in style or works as a great decorative piece on your shelf or walls! This will certainly delight any Peanuts fans or anyone who needs Snoopy in their life.
Collect all 4 colors before these collection series runs out.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 45.85698
Retrieved Text: Charlie Brown, Snoopy, and the whole gang are back in a heartwarming story. A new girl with red hair moves in across the street, and Charlie Brown falls in love. Now he tries to impress the red haired girl to make her feel like he’s a winner, but Charlie Brown just can’t do anything right. At the same time, Snoopy is writing a love story about his continuing battles with The Red Baron. Then Charlie Brown has accomplished something never done before. He gets a perfect score on his standardized test, but there has been a mistake. Should he tell the truth and risk losing all of his newfound popularity? Can Charlie Brown get the girl to love him or will he go back to being a nothing?

########
Rank: 11
Score: 45.683613
Retrieved Text: Trombone Shorty was born in Treme New Orleans, Louisiana USA as Troy Andrews. First appearance: July 31 1968 Charlie Brown’ s quiet friend , confidant Franklin might be the only one who never has an unkind word about our hapless hero. Watch movies with HD Quality. 17 beta - play hd movies, watch youtube channels track upcoming episodes favorite tv series wi.
The Peanuts Movie Download Full Free HD. Find popular top now playing movies here. First appearance: August 22 1966 A fearless born leader Peppermint Patty is up to any challenge.
Movies123: watch free movies tv series online without registration signup. Free 5- 8 business- day shipping within the U.
The Peanuts Movie Free Movie Download HD Highest Qulaity and downloading speed Just in single click Small size Movies downlaod from Foumovies. Trombone Shorty, Actor: The Peanuts Movie. Title: The Peanuts Movie ( ). The film The Peanuts Movie, is hosted on various sites is not uploaded by any person affiliated with us nor is it available for download. Download peanuts movie for free.
The Peanuts movie download full free hd divx, dvd, avi, bluray , 720p, mp4 full version movie. , Free download stremio 3. Peanuts ( Groundnut Arachis Hypogaea) : Benefits, Side Effects Nutrition Facts. The Peanuts Movie Free Movie Download 720p Free Movie Download The Peanuts Movie The Peanuts Movie HD Movie Download Free Movies Counter.
Schulz from 1950 until. Watch Tablet , download the movies directly on your browser on PC Mobile. Download peanuts movie for free. Download peanuts movie for free.
DREAM BIG LAUGH ALONG with

########
Rank: 12
Score: 45.602177
Retrieved Text: Who doesn’t love Charlie Brown, Snoopy, Lucy, Linus and the rest of the beloved “Peanuts” gang? I would go ahead and say no one. No one does not love the Peanuts. It was a complete and total staple of my childhood and just about every friend I had. Chuck missing the football again and again. Snoopy flying his doghouse. Pigpen being a mess. Linus playing some mean piano. Woodstock being adorable. It’s priceless and timeless, good clean fun for everyone in the whole family. There is nothing to fear, only to love with this bunch.
I always remember loving Charlie Brown and Lucy. Lucy because she was this feisty little girl that always went after what she wanted (I’m all about that if you didn’t know). I think she was a great little role model in her own way, you know? I also loved Charlie, though. Such a sweet guy. Sure, he had some tough times, but he always pulled through and made the best of it. He was always a good guy no matter what. And he was the rock that seemed to hold the group together. You just have to admire that in a person, even a cartoon character, LOL!!! I just love the whole dynamic of the show. It’s one that I always knew I would make sure my kids were aware of and, hopefully, loved.
Well I have some really amazing news, Peanuts lovers!!! The gang is about to make their big-screen debut, like they’ve never been seen before, in state of the art

########
Rank: 13
Score: 45.347897
Retrieved Text: JOHN LAVERNOICH has written almost a dozen books, as well as various short stories and articles published both in print and on the Internet.
The PEANUTS gang as illustrated by creator Charles M. Schulz.
It's hard to believe that the popular comic strip Peanuts is sixty-five years old this year, even though the strip itself actually came to an end fifteen years earlier, not long after the death of its creator, Charles M. Schulz. And yet, Charlie Brown, Snoopy, and their cohorts remain popular today, thanks in no small measure to their success in the entertainment industry, which includes TV, films, theater, and audio recordings -- not to mention their success as TV pitch-kids. Most importantly, the Peanuts gang's mass media forays have helped retain the charm and wit of the comic strip itself, as The Peanuts Movie, which debuted in movie theaters worldwide in early-November 2015, helps remind us of the comic strip, its characters, and its impact on generations of fans and inspiring cartoonists.
Peanuts -- the comic strip -- debuted on October 1, 1950, an off-shoot of Charles Schulz's previous comic strip Li'l Folks, which he created in his native St. Paul, Minnesota a few years ago, and offered a hint of the humor that would help define Peanuts during its almost half-century run; by the end of the 1960's, the strip became popular worldwide, as Charlie Brown, Snoopy, and company became international icons. While it's unlikely that the Coasters' 1959 hit song "Charlie Brown," written by Jerry Leiber and Mike Stoller, was inspired by the

########
Rank: 14
Score: 45.22611
Retrieved Text: Find and save ideas about Charlie brown quotes on Pinterest. | See more ideas about Peanuts quotes, Charlie brown and Peanuts gang. Linus Van Pelt: [after Linus and Charlie Brown discover the little tree] Gee, do they still make wooden Christmas trees? Charlie Brown: This little green one here seems to need a home. Linus Van Pelt: I don't know, Charlie Brown. Remember what Lucy said? This doesn't seem to fit the modern spirit. Charlie Brown: I don't care.
We'll decorate it and. 37 quotes - Additionally, Great-Quotes has more than 2. 5 million other easily searchable movie, proberbs, sayings and famous quotes. We have also selectively chosen a large collection of Inspirational, Life, Motivationa, Friendship, Graduation and Funny Quotes to help motivate and brighten your day. Bible Quotes& Verses, Bible Games, Famous Quotes& Sayings.
That’s what Christmas is all about, Charlie Brown. The True Meaning of Christmas from the Bible. 42 of the best Christmas show quotes. By. a Red Ryder BB gun in" A Christmas Story" to Linus' classic solo speech about what Christmas is really about in" A Charlie Brown Christmas" to Mark's. A Charlie Brown Christmas (tv) Quotes. That's what Christmas is all about, Charlie brown.
". Famous Quotes organized by author or category for your pleasure and. Dec 1, 2017. If you're like Charlie Brown and" don't know what Christmas is all about, " let these quotes help you out.
Here are the best lines from our favorite. “A Charlie Brown Christmas” Quotes A Charlie Brown Christmas is the first animated TV special directed by

########
Rank: 15
Score: 45.197067
Retrieved Text: Save the date for this family movie: The Peanuts Movie. It will hit the theater on November 6th, 2015. My daughter is already eager to watch. We already organized a movie play date with her friends to watch this comedy movie. We do that on a regular basis: playdate movies. We love it. I find it’s a great way for kids to enjoy time together and for parents to interact with other parents (before the movie, of course, not during the movie). But what’s this family movie about?
The Peanuts Movie is an upcoming 3D computer-animated comedy movie. The film is produced by Blue Sky Studios, distributed by 20th Century Fox, directed by Steve Martino and written by Craig Schulz, Bryan Schulz, and Cornelius Uliano. The Peanuts Movie is based on the comic strip, Peanuts, by Charles M. Schulz. The movie is set to honor the 65th anniversary of the Peanuts comic strip.
The Peanuts Movie is rated G, with a runtime of 1 hour and 32 minutes. The movie showcases the beloved Peanuts gang, including Charlie Brown, Snoopy, Lucy, Linus and the rest of the gang. They appear on the screen for the first time in 3D animation. The movie follows the adventure of Charlie Brown, taking part in a heroic quest while Snoopy prepares to take on the Red Baron, his arch-nemesis.
The Peanuts Movie is the first Peanuts movie in 35 years and the first move made since 2000 when Charles M. Schulz passed away.
The noises of Snoopy in the movie, as well as the chirpings

########
Rank: 16
Score: 45.08733
Retrieved Text: Clever Design Ideas Snoopy Wall Art Stickers Ebay The Peanuts Movie Charlie Brown Smashed Decal Sticker H Uk Decals Canvas Christmas Unique Snoopy Wall Stickers is just one of the many collections of Sample Resume Reference that we have on this website. We have a lot of Sample Resume Template or Cover Letter Template and any other things concerning in this website. We're not just providing info about , but , you can get a lot more reference to create your Resume and Cover Letter as well. So , don't forget to keep visiting Sudaak.org to get the latest update about Sample Resume Format , Cover Letter Sample , Sample Resume Template and more.
Clever Design Ideas Snoopy Wall Art Stickers Ebay The Peanuts Movie Charlie Brown Smashed Decal Sticker H Uk Decals Canvas Christmas Unique Snoopy Wall Stickers was posted in July 24, 2018 at 7:39 pm. Clever Design Ideas Snoopy Wall Art Stickers Ebay The Peanuts Movie Charlie Brown Smashed Decal Sticker H Uk Decals Canvas Christmas Unique Snoopy Wall Stickers has viewed by 36 users. Click it and download the Clever Design Ideas Snoopy Wall Art Stickers Ebay The Peanuts Movie Charlie Brown Smashed Decal Sticker H Uk Decals Canvas Christmas Unique Snoopy Wall Stickers.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 44.93504
Retrieved Text: How did this adorable viral video become so controversial?
The video became an Internet sensation in the past week. As you can see, the cuteness level is off the charts, but as with all things viral, there are always different opinions and plenty of people offering them.
Charlie, the dog in the video, has his own Facebook page where his owner recently answered some of the harshest critics who complained that the video was misleading.
“It is so sad people can destroy so easily one of my best moments of life,” Charlie’s owner wrote in a July 20 Facebook post (below).
Watch the cuteness first . . .
Here is some short video from that day, to proof people we don’t force him to do what he is doing, it wasn’t planned or staged, I just wanted to record my Laura and Charlie how they play fetch for a first time and this one shows up. It is so sad people can destroy so easily one of my best moment of life — with Kathy Cruse LaGamba.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 44.70946
Retrieved Text: Good grief, it's Mothers Day!
When Charlie Brown reminds the gang it's Mother's Day, everyone begins searching for special ways to celebrate their moms. Snoopy types his mom a letter, Woodstock picks his mom a flower, and Lucy, Peppermint Patty, and Marcie shop for cards. But what will Charlie Brown do? Join the Peanuts gang this Mother's Day and find out!
Snoopy, Woodstock, and all the Peanuts gang find different ways to celebrate Mother's Day.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 44.612057
Retrieved Text: Good grief! Did you know that the name "Peanuts" was given to the comic strip by United Features Syndicate and not by cartoonist Charles Schulz? And that Schulz actually detested the name because he thought it was meaningless? But the syndicate said that the name Schulz preferred, "Li'l Folks," was too much like the names of other existing strips. So Schulz agreed, and the most popular comic strip of all time entered syndication.
Our Peanuts T-shirts feature the most beloved characters on shirts for men, women and kids. You can choose "Good ol' Charlie Brown." Or Lucy the fussbudget. Linus with his security blanket. Snoopy in various situations. Or a group image of all the characters together.
If you've ever tried unsuccessfully to kick a football, manage a baseball team, fly a kite or direct a Christmas play, you can relate to Charlie Brown's misadventures. But somehow, everything usually turns out all right. That's why Schulz's characters are so beloved and enduring. So wish the Peanuts gang a Merry Christmas or celebrate Snoopy's many dreams with one of our Peanuts T-shirts!

########
Rank: 20
Score: 44.314484
Retrieved Text: Happiness is Peanuts in high definition. Three beloved classics get upgraded video and audio, and bring along their DVD bonus features.
The Blu-ray revolution is full upon us now, and one of the leading studios for getting out catalog product in hi-def has been Warner Bros. They have brought us lavish sets for Gone With The Wind and The Wizard Of Oz, and loaded digibook editions of King Kong and North By Northwest . So, naturally, the next item on this storied agenda was to bring the Charlie Brown TV specials to Blu-ray.
The Peanuts Christmas special was the very first for Charles Schulz’s characters, back in 1965. It was so successful in establishing a template for future specials that dozens more followed over the next few decades. There was magic right from the start, but that start wasn’t actually the TV special that aired; it all really began a couple of years earlier when a documentary producer named Lee Mendelson decided to pursue a professional relationship with Charles Schulz.
Mendelson had done a well-received documentary on Willie Mays, and decided to stick with baseball for his next subject; but this time, he wanted to profile the worst player in the world, Charlie Brown. Schulz lived not far from Mendelson in the bay area of California, and Schulz had himself seen and enjoyed the Mays documentary. This started the Schulz documentary project on the right foot, and then two more men fatefully became involved. Veteran animator Bill Melendez had already been handling the Peanuts characters for a series of

########
Rank: 21
Score: 44.292633
Retrieved Text: 12 fun facts you didn't know about "It's the Great Pumpkin, Charlie Brown!"
The animated television classic "It's the Great Pumpkin, Charlie Brown" is a holiday special that my tween still loves to watch. She declared it "so awesome." The Halloween special has avoided the label of being "too babyish" that she has attached to other such shows.
Charles M. Schulz wrote the story of Linus van Pelt who believes in the Great Pumpkin, writes him a letter asking for gifts. He forgoes trick or treating with Charlie Brown and company to await the Great Pumpkin's arrival in the pumpkin patch on Halloween night. No one else believes in the Great Pumpkin, but Charlie Brown's sister Sally agrees to wait with Linus. They think the Great Pumpkin arrives, but it turns out to be just Snoopy dressed as a World War I flying ace. Spoiler alert: The Great Pumpkin never arrives.
We're watching it on DVD tonight and in anticipation, here are 12 fun facts and trivia about this fabulous Halloween event.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 43.89146
Retrieved Text: Hey, Pinheads! Don’t biff the bumpers, just nudge the podcast machine – DON’T TILT! – and check out this week’s kick-out hole of an episode before it goes down the drain.
Obviously, this week’s episode is all about golf.
Kidding! Don’t do a panic flip.
Now, let me do a lazarus ball to get these show notes back on track. This week, on episode 113, we’re playing VIDEO PINBALL, Atari’s 1980 port of it’s own 1978 coin-op machine. Is the game (and the story therein) a house ball or a gobble hole? Insert your quarters where indicated and let’s find out.
Thanks to Kevin McLeod at Incompetech.com for creative commons use of his songs “Take a Chance”, “Pinball Spring” and “Reformat”.
It’s a Podcast, Charlie Brown – Hey! That’s my other show. Get your Snoopy fix here, every month.
You can get “Go play some old games, they’ve missed you.” shirts nd more at our Atari Bytes Zazzle.com store AB_Pod_Store here.
Consider supporting the show financially on our Patreon page here.
Here’s the Mental Floss article where we got the pinball slang used in the episode.
Just kidding! In episode 112, we’ve gone fishin’ AND we’re doing a show.
How is this possible? Well, obviously we’re playing the 1980 Activision (squee!) game FISHING DERBY. So is playing this game like landing a lunker or is it the one that got away? And why, we wonder, are these fish derby-izing?
Unlike the typical fish story, we actually check the facts on this one. Pull up a bucket of chum and join us!
It’s a Podcast, Charlie Brown – Hey!

########
Rank: 23
Score: 43.797348
Retrieved Text: Peanuts was the brainchild of Charles Schulz, and it ran for damn near fifty consecutive years of original strips, and is still reprinted to this day. "Sparky" Schulz never liked the name "Peanuts"-- it was foisted upon him-- but Peanuts it was.
The strip came to encompass a cast of thoroughly nutty characters. There was Charlie Brown, of course, the world's most depressed little boy; Lucy, Charlie Brown's friend and also antagonist who would dispense psychiatric advice for a nickel and nag for free; Linus, who never went anywhere without his security blanket; Pepper Mint Pattie and her far more intelligent sidekick Marcie; Pig-Pen, the world's dirtiest kid (and one of my favorite characters); Schroeder, resident pianist; and, of course, Snoopy, the crazy dog, and his little bird friend Woodstock. There were loads of others, of course, from Shermy to Franklin to Sally to Rerun.
Mostly, the strip seems to be about giving little kids adult sensibilities and worries. It was also about other wacky stuff, my favorite of which was Snoopy masquerading as the World War I Flying Ace. Regardless, Peanuts showed a keen philosophical and psychological insight into its characters.
Charlie Brown never got to kick the football, or fly the kite, or make time with the little red haired girl. He'll be trapped forever in a web of his own neuroses. And maybe that's for the best. (We do know he grows up to own his own chain of steakhouses, though, so it's cool.) Charlie Brown, Snoopy, Lucy, Linus, and all the rest-- frozen in time

########
Rank: 24
Score: 43.513268
Retrieved Text: A Charlie Brown Christmas has 15, 502 ratings and 258 reviews. Sheri said: Surrounded by all the trimmings of the Christmas season, Charlie Brown senses t. Directed by Bill Melendez. With Ann Altieri, Chris Doran, Sally Dryer, Bill Melendez. Repelled by the commercialism he sees around him, Charlie Brown tries to find the true meaning of Christmas.
A Charlie Brown Christmas is a 1965 animated television special based on the comic strip Peanuts, by Charles M. Schulz. Produced by Lee Mendelson and directed by Bill. A Charlie Brown Christmas Live on Stage - Friday, November 23, 2018 - 1PM& 4PM 2 days ago · You have the opportunity to play Charlie Brown, Snoopy, Linus, and more principal roles in the non-union tour of “A Charlie Brown Christmas. ” Plus, a revenge-fueled mini-series is casting its.
Dec 09, 1965 · Watch video · Directed by Bill Melendez. With Ann Altieri, Chris Doran, Sally Dryer, Bill Melendez. Repelled by the commercialism he sees around him, Charlie Brown tries to find the true meaning of Christmas. Everyone’s favorite holiday classic comes to life in the all-new touring production A Charlie Brown Christmas Live on Stage!
Join Charlie Brown, Snoopy, Lucy, Linus, and the whole Peanuts gang as they put on their own Christmas play and ultimately A christmas charlie brown the true meaning of the season. A CHARLIE BROWN CHRISTMAS LIVE ON STAGE is a present the whole family can enjoy! Find great deals on eBay for Charlie Brown Christmas Tree in Collectible Peanuts Characters. Shop with confidence.
Christmastime is here. Happiness and

########
Rank: 25
Score: 43.446777
Retrieved Text: An unboxing of the nativity set from A Charlie Brown Christmas. This features many peanuts characters. Charlie Brown Christmas Nativity Pageant Mini-Figures Set of 9- SOLD OUT $49.
99: Charlie Brown Christmas Snoopy" Indoor" Action Figure- SOLD OUT. Charlie Brown Christmas Charlie Brown w/ Green Coat Action Figure- SOLD OUT $14. 99: Christmas Dancing Snoopy Deluxe Action Figure- SOLD OUT 2002 Cvs Peanuts Snoopy Christmas Pageant Set -with 6 Mini Figures New In Box $45.
00 Hallmark Peanuts 50 Celebration Christmas Ornament Figures. A Charlie Brown Christmas 2012 Peanuts Nativity Pageant Mini Figure Set with Fold-out Christmas Play Stage (I just have to pin this because I purchased a set similar to this last year and it is my favorite set ever! Charlie Brown Christmas School Choir Mini-Figures Set $29. 99. Peanuts Wood Nativity Pageant Set- SOLD OUT $25. 99. Peanuts™ by Jim Shore showcases the Peanuts gang as interpreted and designed by one of America’s leading folk artists.
All aboard the Peanuts Christmas train. A Charlie Brown Christmas is a 1965 animated television special based on the comic strip Peanuts, by Charles M. Schulz. Produced by Lee Mendelson and. Dec 11, 2011 · An unboxing of the nativity set from A Charlie Brown Christmas. This features many peanuts characters. Peanuts Christmas Mini Figure Set Unboxing and Review. Opening Peanuts Nativity. Charlie Brown Christmas Mini-Figures Clip-Ons Set of 8- SOLD OUT.
Charlie Brown Christmas Nativity Pageant Mini-Figures Set of 9- SOLD OUT. Peanuts Charlie. 5. 0 out of 5 stars - NIB - Peanuts Christmas Figures Deluxe Nativity Set Charlie

########
Rank: 26
Score: 43.410275
Retrieved Text: Join the Charlie Brown and his friends, Lucy, Linus, Sally, Schroeder, Snoopy, Peppermint Patty, Pig Pen, Violet and the rest of the Peanuts gang for a Holiday “Play in a Day”! This delightfully funny play shares the trials and errors of everyone as they get ready to celebrate the holidays. When Charlie Brown is sent to bring back a Christmas tree for the annual pageant, he realizes that Christmas isn’t all about glitter and tinsel. With the help of Linus, Charlie Brown and the rest of the Peanuts gang learn the true meaning of Christmas.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 43.39955
Retrieved Text: Synopsis. What is Christmas really about? That is the question Charlie Brown tries to answer in the first of these classic cartoons. As usual with unlucky Charlie, he has a miserable time before he finds what is he is looking for. I Want a Dog for Christmas, Charlie Brown is one of Charles M. Schulz's Peanuts made-for-television specials. The special first aired on ABC on December 9, 2003. It was released to DVD and VHS by Paramount on October 26, 2004, and Warner Home Video released it as a remastered deluxe edition on DVD on October 6, 2009.
Nov 18, 2009. Buy I Want a Dog for Christmas, Charlie Brown: Remastered Deluxe Edition DVD from, Specials& DVD Details Writer/Creator: Charles M. I Want a Dog for Christmas, Charlie Brown! has 59 ratings and 7 reviews. Shiann said: Rerun, Linus and Lucy's little brother, was bored one day and asked. I Want A Dog for Christmas, Charlie Brown is a very different kind of holiday special for the gang.
Christmas takes a back seat, and it feels more like the main storyline happens to take place during the holiday season. Amazon. com: I Want a Dog for Christmas, Charlie Brown: Jimmy Bennett (III), Hannah Leigh Dworkin, Adam Taylor Gordon. See all 194 customer reviews. I Want a Dog for Christmas, Charlie Brown! centers on ReRun, the lovable but ever-skeptical younger brother of Linus and Lucy. It's Christmas vacation and, as usual, ReRun's big sister is stressing him out, so he decides to turn to his best friend, Snoopy, for

########
Rank: 28
Score: 43.36079
Retrieved Text: Director Jennifer Lambert has coached two casts of 13 talented youngsters—plus a baby who plays Woodstock–to their natural best and the simplicity of A Charlie Brown Christmas’ lets their true spirits shine through in NextStop Theatre Company’s adorable holiday treat.
Hudson Osborne and Owen Gaskill. Photo by Jonathan Harvey.
Based on the television special by Bill Melendez and Lee Mendelson with a stage adaptation by Eric Schaeffer, A Charlie Brown Christmas is artfully staged, opening with an ice skating scene in which the actors appear to glide on top of a revolving disk set slightly above stage level.
Charlie Brown is sad even though it is Christmas, but to cheer him up, Lucy suggests he direct a play, but his friends mock him.
Owen Gaskill showed a range of emotions as Charlie Brown on opening night. “I know nobody likes me, but why do we have to have a holiday just to emphasize it?” The speed and accuracy with which he shifted from sad to happy to disgusted to puzzled was impressive in one so young. Gaskill, who got the role on his first-ever audition, is also good at playing up to the audience, whose members were ensconced in stadium-style seating, some nursing a special drink made of cider with maple-flavored whiskey.
Although it appeals to children, A Charlie Brown Christmas is a show for adults. And a large part of the charm is that for many of them, their own children are playing the roles that they once watched on TV. One parent even confided that he watches A Charlie

########
Rank: 29
Score: 43.133976
Retrieved Text: ∙ Polystone. Handbeschilderd.Snoopy is een fictieve hond (Beagle) uit de Amerikaanse stripreeks Peanuts door Charles M. Schultz.
∙ "Good Man Charlie Brown".
Snoopy is een fictieve hond (Beagle) uit de Amerikaanse stripreeks Peanuts door Charles M. Schultz.
∙ Charlie Brown & Linus.
∙ Charlie Brown & Snoopy.
∙ "Life is better wit a Dog".
∙ Friendship Charlie Brown and Snoopy.
∙ Too Cool For School.
∙ Marcie & Peppermint Patty.
∙ Set van 4 beeldjes.
∙ Marcie, Sally, Linus & Franklin.
∙ "Friendship Comes in All Sizes".
∙ Snoopy with Woodstock big figurine.
∙ Snoopy typing "Love" word.
∙ Father's Day Snoopy in a tie.
∙ Snoopy,Charlie Brown, Lucy & the gang.
∙ Snoopy decorating with Woodstock).
Set van 5 Jim Shore beeldjes.
Charlie Brown(11,5cm), Lucy(12,5cm), Snoopy "Puppy Love (12,5cm), Schroeder (12cm) en Peppermint Patty(12cm).
∙ "Tangled Up in Christmas Joy".
∙ "The Flying Ace". Snoopy.
Released in 2015 and retired in 2017. Collector's item.
∙ Snoopy & Woodstock hugging.
∙ "Love is a Beagle Hug".
"Friends Through Rain Or Shine"
∙ "I Heart You". Snoopy.
∙ Kerststal met Snoopy (Herder), Charlie Brown (Josef) Lucy (Maria), Sally(Engel), Woodstock(Kindje Jesus).
∙ Charlie Brown, Lucy & Snoopy carolling.
∙ Hapinness is a Favorite Song".
∙ Schroeder with Lucy and Snoopy.
∙ "Luck Of The Woodstock".

================



======= Instance Index 1288 =========
Input Text: James got a teabag and boiled some tea, he then poured it into a container, put it away, and went back to his computer.  Where did he put the tea?
Choose the most suitable option to answer the above question.
Options:
- cup
- internet cafe
- cupboard
- teapot
- refrigerator

Target Text: refrigerator

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 55.937214
Retrieved Text: Last Saturday we had our very good friends over, Peter and Loraine. We ended up sitting around the kitchen table almost the entire time, talking, eating, and drinking wine. Even though they live about ten minutes away from us, we don’t get to see each other often enough!
As the day started turning into night, it was time for tea and vanilla cupcakes with fresh strawberries and vanilla buttercream. In my pantry I had English Breakfast tea bags. So I boiled a teapot of water, placed teabags into four cups, poured the boiling water into the cups, and placed them on the table.
The next morning I thought that when I was growing up, I had never seen my parents brew tea by throwing a teabag into a cup, pouring water in it, and voila. Instead, they would spend almost ten minutes following British traditions of tea preparation, and, as I remember, it tasted quite differently from the tea I served last night.
Being a proponent of quality everything, I thought that I had no right to serve teabags to my friends. Did I? Today I decided to make a cup of tea brewed according to Britain traditions and a cup of tea out of a teabag, taste them both, compare, and make my judgment.
It should be easy to make a cup of tea using teabag - put it in a mug, pour freshly boiled water and leave the teabag for two minutes, no more, no less. Then, after six more minutes, take a sip. I have to say

########
Rank: 1
Score: 43.963486
Retrieved Text: Brewing tea with boiling water until it looks frothy, then silence for long (until the tea leaves settle to the bottom of the container) before drinking, is the usual way we do everyday. But apparently that is not the right way if you really want to feel the pleasure of drinking real tea.
Choose good quality tea. We recommend using loose leaf tea or leaf tea that has been dried rather than teabag, so as not to mix with the chemicals contained in teabag packaging paper.
Water temperature to brew is very influential on the flavor and aroma of tea. Also long brewing. If you do not have a kettle that has a temperature indicator device, you can set its own temperature. For example, to get water 90 degrees Celsius, you can heat the water to boiling (100 degrees C) then turn off the stove and let stand for about 5-7 minutes. If silenced for 8-10 minutes, you will get water temperature 80 degrees Celsius.
Use a pot of ceramic or glass (not from metal), preferably with a filter tube in it.
Brewing green tea (green tea): input the green dash to the filter tube in the teapot. Brewed with water with temperature 80 degree Celsius.
Brewing oolong tea (oolong tea) and the black (black tea) tea: input a dash of tea into a sieve tube. Brewed with water 90 degrees Celsius.
After the brewed, let stand for 3-5 minutes, then remove the filter tube from the teapot. Tea ready to serve. If it’s too long left, tea drinks can be too

########
Rank: 2
Score: 42.326534
Retrieved Text: Brewed: May 29, 2003 Bottled: November 1, 2003 Sweet woodruff flowers spice up this mead. Only the flowers, no sprigs in the this one.
One packet of Red Star Pasteur Champagne yeast was rehydrated at brew time.
Started honey heating with water and went out to pick the flowers. Boiled some water in another pot, turned off the heat and put the flowers in to steep. The flower tea was added to the must after about 20 minutes of steeping. Then the must was kept hot for 10 minutes, after which we remembered to put in our must chiller - then it was kept hot for another 20 minutes. Cooled and poured into a sanitized bucket. Added some more water, pitched the yeast and topped it off with more water to make just over 5 gallons.
November 1, 2003 - Boiled corn sugar in 1 cup of water for 10 minutes. Racked mead into bucket with sugar water. Bottled.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 41.87237
Retrieved Text: Think about how much you love me :) Hmmm, that’s nice, isn’t it? (I love you too.) If you have never met me, you probably won’t need to be making me a cup of tea at this point, so please don’t fret about loving me, this is just for future reference.
Boil water. Make sure it is actually boiled and not just showing off.
Pour it from a great height onto a teabag. You must endure several painful piqûres, as miniature drops of scalding water jump desperately upon your exposed skin, trying to escape the horrible destiny of being made into tea. Using a cup or mug for this step cannot come more highly recommended.
Sway the teabag with a teaspoon for roughly 4.772 seconds. Think of the girl from Ipanema. Swing your body in time.
Squeeze the teabag once against the side of the cup. Do not take your anger out on it. Imagine it has slightly annoyed you.
Remove the teabag and discard. If left any longer it will seep evil tea squirts into my cup, barge into my bloodstream and do tea-poos in my brain.
Add less than a quarter of a teaspoon of sugar (the tea should not taste sweet; it should taste like it hasn’t not got sugar in it).
Bring it to me and fear for our friendship.
This entry was posted on Monday, March 26th, 2012 at 20:05	and tagged with Beverages, cuppa, difficult, drink, fussy, how, how to make tea, Tea, Tea bag, Teaspoon and posted in Ca depend!, humor.	You can follow any responses to this entry

########
Rank: 4
Score: 40.53629
Retrieved Text: Put the teabag in a jug and add 400ml just-boiled water. Stir and leave to steep for 5 minutes. Finely grate the lemon zest and squeeze the juice, then pour the juice into a large saucepan. Squeeze the teabag and chuck it away, then pour the tea into the pan with the juice. Add the lemon zest, prunes, mixed dried fruit and spice.
Stir well and place the pan over a low heat. Bring to a gentle simmer and cook gently for 5 minutes or until the liquid is almost all absorbed, stirring occasionally. Remove from the heat, tip the mixture carefully into a large mixing bowl and leave to cool for 40 minutes.
Preheat the oven to 170°C/Fan 150°C/Gas 3½. Line the base and sides of a 20 x 30cm rectangular cake tin with baking parchment or use a small roasting tin or a 25cm square cake tin. Peel the banana and cut it into thick slices. Put these in a food processor, add the eggs and milk, then blend to make a purée. Add the flour and baking powder and blend again until smooth.
Pour the egg and banana mixture on to the soaked fruit and stir until thoroughly combined. Spoon the mixture into the prepared tin and level the surface with the back of a spoon. Bake in the centre of the oven for 30 minutes or until the cake is pale golden brown and a skewer inserted into the centre comes out clean. Remove the cake from the oven and cool in the tin for

########
Rank: 5
Score: 40.52995
Retrieved Text: Drinking Kombucha (fermented tea) is an acquired taste as it range from slightly sweet (less fermentation) to tart (apple cider) and also sour (like apple cider vinegar). The health benefits however are being touted for centuries. The TL;DR; is that is it a fermented product so it has micro-nutrients and amino acids that your body cannot product on its own. For the long version, try reading this article from draxe.com which also has a video near the middle that summarizes the main points of the article.
Kombucha is considered a health drink which translates to being expensive. In Manila, a 500ml bottle can fetch somewhere in the Php250-300 range. Brewing kombucha however is very easy as soon as certain rules are followed. For all intents and purposes it is sweet tea fermented by adding a colony of organism that will eat the sugar and poop out beneficial organics. What makes its expensive is the brewing period and the fancy labels and packaging. Enough talk, lets start with the guide.
SCOBY – or “Symbiotic Colony of Bacteria and Yeast” for long. It is also called mushroom due to its appearance. Or brainmatter by some. 😉 It is the living colony that will convert your sweet tea to kombucha. You can look for brewers in your area who has some to spare or some enterprising individuals that sell scoby and some starter kombucha brew.
tea leaf – preferrably of the black variety. Green tea can also be used for a more delicate brew. Stay away from herbal teas or flavored/fusion ones

########
Rank: 6
Score: 39.39866
Retrieved Text: ..and it wasn't what you would think a puppy would do when left up to his own devices all day long.
He didn't chew anything, defecate anywhere, or mark any new "territory". No, my dog made himself a cup of tea.
I kid you not. Earl Grey tea to be specific.
I came home, and there was a teabag steeping in his water dish. I can't explain it, I don't even know how he got a teabag, much less how he knew how to put it in his water dish.
I was stunned, so stunned I forgot to take a picture for you. But I can't even make this stuff up!
Oh and P.S. caffeine + five month old puppy = no rest for Bekah. But it's okay...I love that dog. Who could resist a face like this?
I mean, look at those eyes...are you kidding me??
And I have a never ending love affair with his feet. I don't know why. I just can't help it. He crosses them, and I can't resist taking pictures of them.
Matt thinks I have issues. I probably do, but still....those feet!
Well aside from your doggie feet fettish (ha!) I am perplexed as to how your dog managed to make tea. It's got to be good to know that while you are away your dog can fend for himself and have a tea party to boot!
Helen, I am just as perplexed. Haha I like the ideas of the tea party though...good mental image.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 39.00697
Retrieved Text: Last Saturday, we went to Waikiki Yokocho for the first time. With a variety of restaurants to choose from, we decided to try Kaneko Hannosuke. The pictures of tempura looked delicious, and there was a line of people waiting to get into the tiny eatery. Must be good, right? It ended up being an excellent choice!
The line moved quickly and we were seated in about 15-20 minutes. I ordered the Special Tempura Bowl, which included shrimp, shishito pepper, nori, and a soft boiled egg over rice with their special sauce. The tempura was cooked perfectly and there was the perfect amount of sauce poured over the bowl.
My date ordered the Special Tempura Plate, which came with the rice and sauce separate from the tempura. He also got miso soup with his meal. He enjoyed the radish inside the sauce. However, we both really enjoyed the soft boiled egg and all of its runny yolk goodness.
With a 10% kama’aina discount, it was a reasonable dinner for two in Waikiki. I would highly recommend Hannosuke if you’re a fan of tempura and want a quick, casual meal.
We spotted Nana’s Green Tea on the way into Yokocho, and we knew we would be having dessert there. As green tea fans, we both enjoyed our cones. My date ordered the Matcha Soft Cream with Shiratama Azuki. He really liked the azuki beans and the cone was very crispy.
I had the Hoji Soft Cream with Warabimochi. Hoji is a roasted green tea, which paired really nicely with the soft warabimochi.
For about

########
Rank: 8
Score: 38.789795
Retrieved Text: Ochazuke (お茶漬け) is a green-tea-poured rice bowl with ingredients. It is very popular food for a bottle-ache or the last food commonly eaten at Izakaya. There are many kinds of Ochazuke. Sake-Chazuke made from salmon, Ume-Chazuke made from Japanese plum, and Tarako-Chazuke made from cod roe are most popular Ochazuke.
- Cod roe for Tarako-Chazuke.
- Salted Salmon for Sake-Chazuke.
- For topping: Nori, the seaweed.
This time we use a oven grill.
Next, cut small green onion to Koguchi-giri (5mm wide).
Use only upper half of green onion.
Next cut Mitsuba to 3cm wide. It is nice crunchy and gives nice smell.
We use the leaves for its decoration.
Use scissors to cut Nori into fine pieces.
Next break Salmon into flakes.
Remove the born of salmon and peel off the skin.
Let's make a tea for Ochazuke.
Add about 10g of green tea into Japanese tea pot.
Pour boild water. This is sencha, so boiled water is good.
But, don't use boiled water for other kinds of Japanese tea.
Put a cover, and wait for a little moment.
Prepare a bowl with rice.
Then, put Salmon on the top of rice.
Then, pour tea over them.
At last, put little Wasabi.
Then, break them into flakes.
Next, put Umeboshi flakes over rice.
Pour green tea over them.
Pour a tea until 80% of rice soaked.
Slice cod roe at a slant to make it into small pieces.
Then, put sliced cod roe over rice.
Then, pour green tea over them.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 38.5439
Retrieved Text: This drink blend the delicacy of green tea with the sweet taste of avocado. This is a healthy fruit, indeed it contains vitamins and fatty acids, indispensable to the body.
Add one teabag to 200ml of boiled water, then simply infuse for 2-3 minutes before consuming.
Ingredients: organic green tea (90%), natural avocado flavouring (10%).

########
Rank: 10
Score: 38.082
Retrieved Text: You've probably heard that Iced Tea was invented at the 1904 St. Louis World's Fair by an Englishman named Richard Blechynden. He was selling hot tea at the Fair but because it was so hot nobody wanted any. What did he do? he poured the hot tea over ice and instant success! Ahhh, but he was not the first to invent Iced Tea, there is actually a recipe in Housekeeping in Old Virginia by Marion Cabell Tyree, published in 1877 for Iced Tea.
There are 4 major tea types- black, green, white and oolong and they all come from the same plant, Camellia Sinensis. It's all in how the tea leaves are manufactured that the different types of tea are created.
Here's a great tip- when making a pot of tea pour hot water into the teapot to warm it before you make your tea.
Reading tea leaves is called tasseography. Tasseography (also known as tasseomancy or tassology) is a divination or fortune-telling method that interprets patterns in tea leaves.
Tea absorbs moisture, it's important to store loose leaf tea or tea bags in a sealed container.
Tea bags were invented in 1908 in the United States by Thomas Sullivan. He put loose leaf tea in small silk bags to offer as samples to his customers. They put it directly into their tea pot and by accident, the tea bag was invented.
Rooibos is an herbal tea made from the South African Red Bush.
For many centuries tea was only used for medicinal purposes. It took almost 3,000 years for it become an

########
Rank: 11
Score: 38.068886
Retrieved Text: Have you been keeping up with all of Laura’s ‘Monday Morning Mug’ posts? Well I’ve got just the thing to go with a lovely mug, and its something a little more Monday orientated; tea!
Browsing down the tea and coffee aisle in Waitrose last week, I discovered a selection of fancy looking teas made by Taylors of Harrogate. In collaboration with Kew’s Royal Botanic Gardens, they’ve created varieties such as spiced apple, lemongrass & ginger, blackberry & elderflower, but what I was most intrigued by was ‘Sweet Rhubarb’.
For a start, it comes in a very attractive dusty pink box, which, when opened, reveals a vivid green lining; a simple but effective touch. It states: “We’re completely smitten with the tangy-sweet flavour of natural rhubarb, so we’ve captured it in a cup. It’s partnered with two ingredients that work in perfect harmony – the refreshing sharpness of apple and the peppy zing of blackberry leaf – to make a wonderfully vibrant infusion.” Smelling the box in store, even though each teabag is individually wrapped, you get exactly that; a hit of sweet rhubarb and custard along with a lingering tart apple aroma.
The problem I often get with fruit teas is that they smell amazing, but then, as soon as the boiling water hits the teabag, it all turns sour – in scent, flavour, and my now disappointed mood. So how did Taylors do?
I really want to tell you that I loved it – and it definitely was a whole load better than most of the other fruit teas

########
Rank: 12
Score: 37.924225
Retrieved Text: East Asian tea ceremonies elevate tea making to a meditative art form, with the rituals aiming to highlight the special and beautiful moments in everyday life - which is exactly the premise of my Little Luxuries series.
I think it's important to savour the little things in life - to literally stop and smell the roses. It's these little things that add up to the big picture: fresh bed sheets, a bubble bath, clean fluffy towels. These small touches add a bit of luxury to the everyday routine and provide moments of sanity in an otherwise hectic life.
But in order the reap the benefits of these treats you need to put in the effort to make sure they happen. It's easy to make a quick cup of tea in a mug using a teabag, but how much nicer is it to get out a tea pot and a nice cup & saucer and use the loose tea that you've been saving for a special occasion?
That's exactly what I did this morning. I came across this tin of Rose Pouchong tea from Fortnum & Mason (which I fully admit I only bought because I liked the tin) and decided to make myself a proper cup of tea to go with my bagel, rather than my usual Tesco teabag!
Of course you can perform your own "tea ceremony" with any loose tea, however my Rose Pouchong tea contained real dried roses giving me a two-for-one smell the roses / luxury tea experience!
The tea actually wasn't very rose scented, however making

########
Rank: 13
Score: 37.614563
Retrieved Text: Whatever Wildcrafted Herb you are wanting to source.
Starting Additional Pricing starts at $20 and goes up based on what rare and quality sourced Wild Jungle Crafted Herb medicinal plant requested.
Then you get the Chemical Free Moringa Teabags and Heirloom organic Moringa which taste amazing as well! Great for your Health.
You can STEEP and NOT BOIL - the distilled/spring water before the bubbling point of water, and put one teabag per pot of water up to a full gallon. You can steep for 45 minutes to an hour for the more potent the longer the steeping. You can make sun tea with our Pure Organic Moringa King produce teabag and you can re use several usages.
When your Moringa Tea is steeped and you let it cool down, you can add Cane sugar or raw vegan honey (From Belize) or squeeze an organic Lime or Lemon in your Cup of Fresh Pure Moringa Tea. Take the Teabag out if you plan on refrigorating your tea in a jug or glass jar for longer than a Week. You should want to get through this drink by a week or so. Pour out if the tea smells like it is going bad, our moringa is very pure and raw wildcrafted, so the nutrients are alive and so they can create a mold or fungus, because it has actual Life enzymes in it.
You can use Moringa Teabags after use on your eyes during sleep, for beauty facial or under bags below your eye lids.
*You can pour the Contents of the Moringa

########
Rank: 14
Score: 37.47857
Retrieved Text: I tried this for my mate when he had a cough that just wouldn't go away. It may or may not work for you, but it worked for him.
Mix together and put into a teabag. No teabag? Coffee filters work too. Just fill and tie the top so nothing falls out. Steep in 8 ounces of hot water for 5 minutes and serve hot.
Two cups in a day killed my mate's cold but take as needed for your situation. Good luck!
1. Inhale steam to warm your nose (body temperature; around 37 °C ) and keep nose clean.
2. Keep your nostrils always clean. Specially after wake-up in the morning.
The best way to cure a cold is to take black elderberry syrup, two tablespoons twice a day. For prevention take two tablespoons after the first time yoou go outside. I discovered this in late 2010 and since then my wife and I have had only one cold eeach. Once when I couldn't get any closeby I had the beginnings of a cold and took St. John's wort instead tbe got over it by the nest cay. But St. John's wort products vary in strength and quality.
Washing all over with an anti-dandruff shampoo containing Zinc Pyrithione at the first sign of the flu seems to work for me.
I woke up with a swore throat yesterday, which quickly moved down to my chest. This morning I felt really congested and couldn't breath deep without coughing. I have been taking that Muchus Relief Expectorant, but without much results. So, I read

########
Rank: 15
Score: 37.179207
Retrieved Text: Traditional herbal product, used for mild spasmodic gastrointestinal complaints and for symptomatic treatment of mild diarrhea .
Harvested over 1000 meters height. Contains organic Sideritis raeseri, organic Salvia officinalis, Mentha piperita, Rose petals. Recommended for cold symptoms, relaxing and invigorating too.
It helps in weight loss, one of the most popular herbs known in the treatment of obesity. Increases the rate of metabolism, regulates appetite, eliminate excess fluid and helps in the fight against cellulite.
Excellent diuretic, very good digestive and drunk in indigestion, heartburn, colic, ribs and other stomach ailments.
Contains organic Cistus creticus,organic Rossmary, organic Lavender, organic Basilicum androse petals.
Traditional herbal medicinal product for the symptomatic treatment of mild, spasmodic gastrointestinal complaints including bloating and flatulence, a calming agent to reduce stress and aid in sleep, an antiseptic, antibiotic, disinfectant, and bactericidal agent.
Pour 250 ml of freshly boiled water over the pyramid teabag. Allow herbal teas to infuse from 5 up to 10 minutes, depending on your tea preferance. For a stronger flavour, keep your cup covered during previous procedure.
Pour 250 ml of freshly boiled water over the pyramid teabag. Allow herbal teas to infuse for 10 to 15 minutes. For a stronger flavour, keep your cup covered during previous procedure. Then you can place your tea in the refrigarator and keep it cooled for at least 2 days. Alternatively add ice for immediate use.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 36.887844
Retrieved Text: Impatience kills a good cup of tea.
Adding milk stops the infusing process.
If you like pouring milk in the cup first, then make the tea in a teapot. Don’t get impatient and add milk while the water & teabag are doing their thing making that wonderful elixir. Whoever put a chicken in the preheated oven, and then instantly removed it? It needs time to become a wonderful succulent roast chicken. So too does a cup of tea need time to develop strength. Time can be reduced by the skillful use of a spoon – don’t chase the teabag round the cup, swirl water through it.
Not always literally, but it has to happen sometimes. The teabag needs every last drop of strength squeezed out of it. My friend Rob supplied me with the “bend the spoon” test to tell whether you’re squeezing the teabag hard enough.
Normal tea is not broken. It doesn’t need fixed. Stop with the alternatives, alright!
I think what we enjoy is known as “breakfast tea” in other parts of the world. At a stretch, maybe some Earl/Lady Grey is about as adventurous as we’d like to go. Green tea is not tea, or it would just be called tea. Chai tea is not tea, or it would just be called tea. Peppermint tea is not tea, or it would just be called tea. If you offer me a cup of tea I should be sorely disappointed to get one of these alternatives. I’m saddened by the watering down [BOOM BOOM] of our tea legacy by

########
Rank: 17
Score: 36.625546
Retrieved Text: So, last week I got some raw milk from Joe Rush. There is a good bit of controversy over the safety of raw milk (see, for example, this article about a new California law http://www.mercurynews.com/ci_8472500, what the FDA says http://www.fda.gov/fdac/features/2004/504_milk.html vs. what the Weston A Price foundation says in response http://www.realmilk.com/documents/SheehanPowerPointResponse.pdf). Many believe that raw milk from cows that are grass fed can be beneficial because of certain enzymes, vitamins and helpful bacteria that are present-- which are destroyed by pasteurization.
The thing about raw milk, though, in addition to being unpasteurized, is that it is unhomogenized. The fats haven't been distributed throughout the milk. Instead, they just rise to the top as cream. Joe Rush's milk is from grass-fed Jersey cows and has a very high percentage of butter fat.
If you squint really hard and use your imagination, you can see the line where the thick, pure white cream starts about 2/3 of the way up the jug. It is there, it just didn't photograph well.
After hearing that someone had used this cream to make butter, I decided that was too crazy not to try. I mean, make your own butter? Wow. And apparently, it wouldn't be that hard. Hmm. So, a friend loned me her butter churn, which is a crock with an egg beater attached, and told me what to do. I enlisted my other friend to help who had made butter before.
First, I needed some way to get the cream out from the milk jug, so I figured I would pour all the

########
Rank: 18
Score: 36.586464
Retrieved Text: I recently noticed that an organic bigelow tea(teabag) starts brewing at room/cold temperature water. Not sure if it is brewing or not but the water starts to get green after dipping the tea few times.
I seriously doubt that tea could brew in cold water and that too in few dips. This has put a doub in my mind, whether I am drinking tea or something flavored? The ingredients on the packets say: Organic Green tea and nothing else!
Should I stop drinking the tea from tea bag and buy loose leaf teas only? Any suggestions/tips are appretiated.
Yes, tea will brew at cold temperatures. Growing up, we'd make sun tea by leaving it in a sunny window for about 8 hrs. These days, I put it in the fridge to brew simply because you have a longer window before the more bitter flavors start getting extracted.
Tea bags will brew faster, as they tend to have smaller pieces and possibly dust in them, which means increased surface area.
As with brewing with cold temperatures, this is possible. It's called 'cold brewing', but less common then brewing with boiled water. Cold brewing requires patience, as it takes several hours. After all, you'll have to compensate the low temperatures with longer steeping times. My recommendation would be to steep in the evening and let it sit in a fridge overnight.
Not the answer you're looking for? Browse other questions tagged tea or ask your own question.
How concentrated can I brew iced tea?
How do I brew longjing tea?
Loose-leaf tea: specifics of re-steeping multiple times?
Does

########
Rank: 19
Score: 36.51403
Retrieved Text: This entry was posted in Pixel Scroll and tagged Ann Leckie, Bill Ernoehazy, Carrie Fisher, Dive Into Worldbuilding, Evermore Park, Galactic Journey, Jane Yolen, John O'Neill, John Scalzi, Juliette Wade, Laura Anne Gilman, N. K. Jemisin, Nebula Awards, Society for Creative Anachronism, Star Trek, Ursula Vernon, Victor LaValle, William Shatner by Mike Glyer. Bookmark the permalink.
@Kendall: or perhaps “teaflection” – like reflection, but with a cup of tea. In 7225 as we spread across the stars, there are still renegades who think you put the milk in before the hot water.
@Chip: Another couple of similar examples. David Brin started writing in 1980 (and was not particularly prolific by SF standards) but in 1984 he got a Hugo for his second novel (Startide Rising) and in 1985, a Hugo for his 5th short story (“The Crystal Spheres”). Ted Chiang is another fellow who got well-deserved awards for very early work.
I presume “teflection” should be “reflection”?
…I have no idea? It’s the closest thing that *almost* makes sense as a word there (but not quite), but I would swear I typed boring old “effect”. I type badly on my phone, and my phone has sometimes offered previous typos as options for replacing a word I’ve entered, and some choices are utterly bonkers (for microtherion, for instance, it suggested “depression”).
there are still renegades who think you put the milk in before the hot water.
This works great when making traditional Indian Subcontinental milk chai where the tea is boiled in the milk/water mixture. Any other time, NO NO NO. Tea being

########
Rank: 20
Score: 36.448658
Retrieved Text: An staunch tea fan for more than twenty years, I’ve consumed several boxes of Red Rose Original Orange Pekoe & Pekoe Cut Black Tea in recent years.
My mother drank orange pekoe tea daily, for many years. So I bet I got my love of tea by watching her enjoy it so much. They also served much black tea (with similar flavor to this one) at my high school. So tea holds lots of nostalgia for me, so that nowadays, it’s a comfort beverage in my house. Plus, with lots of tea available, I don’t overeat as often.
As black teas go, this Red Rose orange pekoe and black tea is among the best I’ve sampled. I like its clear, deep orange-red color with virtually no bitterness. Unlike green tea, you can steep this tea for a very long time without noticeable increase in bitterness. Red Rose sweetens well with stevia or agave nectar, and for a name brand tea, Red Rose tea is pretty cheap and easy to locate. Plus, it stock piles well, for years in a cool, dry pantry. Note that orange pekoe tea is a particular preparation of black tea. So orange pekoe tea is indeed black tea. I have here an 8-ounce, 100 tea bag box of this full flavored tea for review. Find my impressions of it below.
Great Reputation. Red Rose is a well-established name in the tea producing business, as they’ve been growing and packaging tea since 1890.
Found Everywhere. As such, it is ubiquitous; no doubt due in part to the

########
Rank: 21
Score: 36.34045
Retrieved Text: This morning my son and I slept in pretty late. It wasn’t intentional, it just happened. When we got up I figured out what to make my younger daughter and son for supper tonight. We planned on going to my parent’s house and my mom was making something that my fussy kids don’t eat. So, I went to the store and bought some pasta and some chicken breasts. I came back home and cooked the chicken. At the same time I had my tea and plain toast. When the chicken was cooked I put it in a container and put it into a bag with the pasta so that it was ready to take to my parent’s place. Then I made sure that my oldest daughter was awake. I got myself showered and ready to go. Then we drove to my mom and dad’s. We played Headbands when we got there. Then we played Rummoli. We didn’t have time to finish, because supper was close to being ready. I had to cook the pasta and my mom heated up the chicken in a pan on the stove. Then we sat down and ate supper. After supper and coffee and dessert for some we played Crokinole until it was about 9:00 and we decided it was time for us to go home. Then we drove back to town. When we got home I had to tidy up the bedroom a bit, because just before we left my hubby was looking for a pair of jeans to wear

########
Rank: 22
Score: 36.21369
Retrieved Text: Conjunctivitis gone in a day !
Get a Saline bottle from any med store and use it both as eye drops and also dip your eyes in the solution keep blinking your eyes when dipped, and flush eyes. Repeat every 2 hrs for 4 to 5 times and IT'S GONE. NOTE: use DNS soln only i.E sodium chloride.
After waking up with a really bad infection in my left eye I searched the Internet to find a home cure. The majority of what I found was a bit crazy "putting garlic on you eyes" or some sort of oil drops in your eyes" yea I'll pass.
My wife went to the local Walmart found a off brand "pink eye drops" the combination of rag put in hot water rung out then placed on the eye that was infected has really cleared things up. But we found found out a little too late two of my kiddos got it before we cleared mine up.
One thing recommend is to stay away from the rest of your family and wash everything you touch esp pillows and blankets. I hope this will help if not have fun picking on my spelling.
I've been prone to pink for a while just being around someone with it and I'm done. And I've read before that eating one raw clove of garlic a day can help and after trying it for myself I found it to actually be very helpful.
I took a combination of remedies and mixed them together!
1. Boil water and pour over a couple camomile

########
Rank: 23
Score: 36.089573
Retrieved Text: When James was younger we realised that he doesn’t need a bath every day, as the baby manuals would have you believe, in order to establish a good bed time routine. But it is useful to have a period of calm, relaxation before bed. I prefer James to have time away from screens during this time, and so we do quiet puzzles, or occasionally water play.
We sometimes set up a little ‘kitchen’ in the living room. I give James a little bowl of water and let his imagination take the lead. James pours us cups of tea from his teapot, or makes waterfalls, or he washes his cars.
So tonight, as the weather brightened up towards the evening, James was itching to go outside, but I could see that if we went too far or too structured, he’d get over tired. Not very long ago we bought a water play table from Smyths. It’s fantastic – it has a lid, a castle, bridges, boats and a watering can among other toys and tools.
James absolutely loved the idea of playing outside for a while after dinner. Please excuse the pasta Bolognaise around his chops!
He spent a good thirty minutes pouring water into and out off all the cups, castles and boats. Then I put him to use for a little while.
Very useful, and such a cute watering can!
So, all in all, this was a fabulous bit of outdoor play, perfect for a sunny evening and a nice wind-down before bed. It allowed me to potter around in the

########
Rank: 24
Score: 36.03587
Retrieved Text: While you wait to get to a dentist to fix the underlying cause of your toothache, turn to your kitchen pantry for this natural toothache remedy.
Anyone who's ever had a toothache in their life knows that it's one of the most irritating types of pain that human beings can experience. It's also one of the most common types, and it generally takes us by surprise. Contrary to what most think, it's not always caused by a bad tooth.
Tooth aches can occur due to various reasons, but they normally occur in response to an inflammation in the dental pulp, commonly known as the canal or nerve. So it's very hard to know how to treat toothaches. Ideally you should go to a dentist so that he can tell you what is causing the pain and how to treat it correctly.
But what about when you're in pain and can't go to the dentist immediately? What do you do then?
In today's video we’re going to teach you a very simple trick that can help you relieve toothaches at home.
All you need is a tea bag and a little water.
Choose a type of tea that is rich in tannic acid. Green tea and black tea are great choices.
Put the teabag on a flat plate. Add just enough water to cover the teabag.
Heat up the plate for 15 to 30 seconds in the microwave. Once the time is up, remove the teabag and wring it out.
Place the warm tea bag in your mouth, covering your aching tooth and gum. Bite down

########
Rank: 25
Score: 35.89658
Retrieved Text: Put one tea bag into 700 - 900mL (23.7 - 30.4 fl oz.) of boiled water, and steep for 5 minutes with low heat. If you prefer a lighter taste, remove tea bag from water before drinking.
Follow the same instruction as hot tea above, and then allow tea to cool to room temperature. Transfer to a sealed container and keep it in the refrigerator.
Put tea bag into a pitcher, and pour 600 - 800mL (20.3 - 27 fl oz.) of water. Keep it in the refrigerator for at least 30 minutes.
Consume this product as soon as possible after breaking a package.
Although this is food, do not recommend to over-consume this product.
Fats and oils derived from raw material and precipitate may appear. This is natural and presents no issues of safety or quality.
Use only as a part of a healthy diet.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 35.62837
Retrieved Text: ← The Face That’s Turned Away.
It’s been crazy at Shady Acres. Ever since Christmas, there’s been coughing and sneezing and fevers and bronchitis and most recently, strep and The Flu! And this Delaware Grammy has pretty much had it all. Within the last two weeks, BL, OGA and I have had strep and flu with the lingering cough that just doesn’t want to go away.
OGA was sick, too, and she wasn’t wanting to listen. She just wanted her pills! Wearily, I turned back to the cupboard. I picked up the latched box that held Linda’s breakfast pill, and realized with terror what had happened.
Well! That huge mistake set into motion a big old investigation, and reports and documentations, and so many things that I hardly felt I had time for and knew I didn’t have the energy for. There are some interesting dynamics in this situation, but they are too complicated for me to go into them here. Suffice it to say that this Delaware Grammy has had to miss out on a lot of things between being sick as all get out and sitting at at my desk, or in my chair, sorting through lots of records, and making reports and getting all the medications organized so that we can go to a pharmacy generated multiple dosing system within the next week. It has been a mess, a big job, but there are “glory stories” written all over this past week, and I DO NOT WANT TO LOSES SIGHT OF THE GOOD STUFF!!!
So I’ve tried

########
Rank: 27
Score: 35.507862
Retrieved Text: When I was visiting my 14 month old granddaughter Haven last weekend, we had just made some hot tea and it was poured into a large thermos bottle. One of the family members was holding Haven and she bumped the thermos with her arm and the whole container full of hot tea poured all over Haven. It went from her neck down onto her shoulders and down her chest. She immediately began crying and screaming in pain and had large red whelps appear on her skin surface! My daughter told me to grab my purse and let’s head to the Emergency Room. I told her that I was going to grab my vial of flowing oil and anoint her first. My faith was so strong. I knew this was all she needed. I rubbed the oil all over Haven’s neck, shoulders, and chest. She was squirming and crying in pain and began to settle down. We watched the red whelps disappear immediately, with our own eyes!! Although the baby still seemed to be agitated and restless, but not crying. I said I must have missed an area that is still burning on her. Sure enough, we raised her chin up and there was small streak that was still bright red and whelped up. I anointed that area as well and it immediately went away. Within minutes, she was down playing in the floor and giggling! God can heal and restore absolutely anything.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 35.471584
Retrieved Text: NOTE: Have you ever wondered what it really means to live the gospel? Last Tuesday I concluded Cross Connection with a short adaptation of Leo Tolstoy's Where Love Is, There God Is Also. But the story needs to be read in full in order to completely understand what it really means to live the gospel. So, read a full version of the story taken from here.
In the city lived Martin Avdeich, a shoemaker. He lived in a basement, in a little room with one window. The window looked out on the street. Through the window he used to watch the people passing by: although only their feet could be seen, yet by the boots Martin Avdeich recognized their owners. He had lived long in one place, and had many acquaintances. Few pairs of boots in his district had not been in his hands once and again. Some he would half-sole, some he would patch, some he would stitch around, and occasionally he would also put on new uppers. And through the window he quite often recognized his work. Avdeich had plenty to do, because he was a faithful workman, used good material, did not make exorbitant charges, and kept his word. If he could finish an order by a certain time, he accepted it: if not, he would not deceive you—he told you so beforehand. And all knew Avdeich, and he was never out of work.
And Avdeich left his master, and went into lodgings with his little son. But, through God’s will, Avdeich had no luck

########
Rank: 29
Score: 35.15972
Retrieved Text: I’ve always loved teapots. In fact, the whole process of making tea is something I really enjoy and the art of producing a good cuppa seems to be disappearing rapidly.
As a kid, we always used proper tea leaves and a tea strainer. Always warmed the pot first and made sure the tea cosy got stuck on top to keep the resulting liquid warm.
I don’t think I ever used a teabag until I was about 16 and even though I totally understand the convenience of them now, I get a pang of nostalgia when I go to a proper tea shop and am served with a proper pot of tea.
Seeing the design of the Sorapot is actually quite exciting. The fact that someone’s bothered to put their design abilities into making something that is effectively an anachronism makes me warm inside.
It’s obviously a teapot, yet it’s also a piece of art in its own way.
If you’re intrigued by the Sorapot, then this video will explain how it works in a bit more detail.
As for me, I think i’m going to be heading off to the supermarket for some proper loose tea after work!
Next Next post: Listen to the goats’ solstice song!

================



======= Instance Index 1620 =========
Input Text: Sally loved shopping and she hated it.  She loved getting what she wanted, and she never bought to much, but it was still painful for her to buy, because she hated any what?
Choose the most suitable option to answer the above question.
Options:
- overspending
- standing in line
- loss of money
- run out of money
- new shoes

Target Text: loss of money

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 55.798084
Retrieved Text: Tributes have been paid to Ebony Gould on what would have been her 13th birthday.
Ebony, from Lancaster, died in a collision on the M61 on her way home from a shopping trip to the Trafford Centre with her step-mum Jade Johnson, on Saturday January 26.
On Monday February 4, family and friends laid flowers in Dalton Square and the Ashton Memorial in Williamson Park was bathed in pink light to mark Ebony&apos;s 13th birthday.
Jade said: "Ebony was so excited for her birthday. As soon as Christmas was over she was planning what she wanted.
"She loved shopping trips and would ask her dad for his credit card so we could go out on a shopping spree. We went to Selfridge&apos;s and bought loads of cake, just so she could have the carrier bag."
Jade spoke of Ebony&apos;s ambition and plans for the future.
She said: "She had her head firmly on. She wanted to go to college or university, get married and have children.
"She was such a girl&apos;s girl. I miss doing her hair every night, her doing my nails, playing with makeup and chilling out watching TV together.
"We miss her so much. She used to write texts and notes telling us how much she loved us. Every time we are having a bad day we will look back and read them all over again."
Ebony&apos;s dad Mark said: "It is so hard for us as a family. I wish we could tell her how much we love her. We are all so devastated."
The funeral will take place at 11am on

########
Rank: 1
Score: 52.796253
Retrieved Text: My six month old ‘beautiful’ cat had fleas, I went to the pet store and bought Zodiac Flea spray for dogs and cats thinking it would be fine for her. I sprayed her and she licked her fur and began foaming at the mouth, I felt horrible. I bathed her immediatley which she hated. I dried her and thought she would be fine. I then bought Hartz spot drops thinking this would be safer and applied it to the back of her neck the next morning. That afternoon she was on the deck with my dauhter who loved her as much as me. My daughter played with her awhile then tried to bring her in and she wanted to chase a bird so she left her out. When I came home from work I called for her and could not find her anywhere. We have not seen her since. I have been tormented as to wether she died somewhere from the flea spray/drops. My daughter and I have searched the neighborhood. I have had cats all of my life and have never experienced this. I am so glad I found your website. I will never use over the counter flea products again.
Previous Previous post: Hartz Product Caused My Dog’s Furr To Fall Out!

########
Rank: 2
Score: 52.62176
Retrieved Text: Thanks Sally, both the new job and wardrobe is serving me well. I have about 12 shirts from TM Lewin now and they are working well with the jackets and trousers. All easy to mix and match!
Hi Sally, I am enjoying all of the workwear combinations we put together. Stepping out with confidence is a significant help, and getting ready with ease is too. I purchased the Bonds underwear you suggested, and I had my hair, and makeup sorted, and I can say I am now a fan of Primer!
When my wife proposed to me on St Kilda beach among the Kite surfers. My first thought was ‘YES!’ and my second thought was ‘what am I going to wear?’ quickly followed by… ‘what are WE going to wear?’ Hey it’s not easy when your two brides. Do you go down the pant suit route? both wear bridal gowns? Match it up? Differ it up? Or give it up and rock up in jeans? The combinations are endless! We wanted to wear something fairly non-traditional, that reflected our style as individuals, yet complimented the other and also said ‘hey we’re here to get married’. So where do you start? We needed help! Upon searching the net I came across Sally - stylist and personal shopper! Sally, who was welcoming from the start, ultimately turned what could have been ‘tears in the changing room’ to an absolute shopping delight! Before hitting the high street we met up a few months in advance to discuss clothing styles and ideas.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 51.955738
Retrieved Text: What is the role of the law in the life of the Christian? Is the Christian under the law? If I am free from the law why doesn’t it feel like it?
I wrote this story to help answer these questions and illustrate the above words of Paul from Romans 7.
Sally and Larry married young...they had a tumultuous marriage filled with the ups and downs of most marriages. Sally felt she could never live up to Larry’s demands and no matter how hard she tried she failed to fulfill his expectations. Larry, a former Marine, was a very matter of fact person. Everything for him was black and white...do this, don’t do that. Everything was regimented and you didn’t dare deviate from his guidelines. Sally lived more in the gray, and always felt that Larry was displeased with her. Despite her efforts to please Larry she always fell short of his heavy-handed approach. Sally desperately wanted Larry to love and accept her but it seemed he was only pleased with her when she was doing what he wanted and when she failed he quickly removed his acceptance. Sally, who was raised in a very strict religious home, was not unaccustomed to this kind of paradigm. Her father too raised her to believe that if she did the right things then she would be loved...if she failed then she was forced to try to make amends.
After 25 years of marriage, Larry was diagnosed with cancer and died shortly after. Not long after Larry’s death Sally met Glen...Glen unlike

########
Rank: 4
Score: 51.432755
Retrieved Text: "We have just received our USB stick in a beautiful little box from Sally. Our photographer let us down several weeks before the wedding and we are so glad he did! We were lucky enough to find Sally through a wedding event that I attended with friends. She kept in regular contact in the run up to the big day, asked us to complete full details of the shots we really wanted (all of which she completed), arrived on time and was happy to stay slightly later to accommodate our plans.
We couldn’t recommend Sally highly enough. She was totally discrete, and managed to get a great selection of romantic, fun, natural and more formal shots. She had a heard of rowdy ushers to deal with and (apparently) handled them with ease which is no mean feat, getting some lovely pictures of them whizzing around the grounds on bicycles but also in a line and looking very presentable! Some of my favourites are the single person shots on the dance floor which really reflected the spirit and energy of the day for us, and the more natural shots of my husband and I which bought a tear to my eye.
Thank you so much for coming to the rescue and taking such wonderful pictures, we can’t thank you enough and hope we have more happy occasions to capture on camera in the future!"
"Sally was the photographer at our wedding at Kilnconquhar Castle and did a fantastic job. We knew immediately from looking at her previous work that she

########
Rank: 5
Score: 50.802525
Retrieved Text: The last two years have been the best of my life. My dog had puppies, I became a fulltime author, and I got married.
Most of my prior life had been a self-destructive mess. I grew up on a council estate, got involved in gangs, and didn’t have a very stable home life. My life was full of drama and pain. Although I didn’t know it then, over my teen years I slowly developed Generalised Anxiety Disorder. I turned to booze to self-medicate a condition I didn’t even know I had. My anxiety condition, often referred to as GAD, masqueraded for years as my personality, and I just thought I was a worthless mess. I just thought that was who I was. I was overly emotional all the time – angry, happy, sad – and I would often push people away because of these extremes (until eventually I had nobody at all). I was paranoid, jealous, aggressive; arrogant one minute and insecure the next. I was a total mess. I spent my student loan on booze, dropped out of University (despite being a straight-A student), and started selling phones. I was a good salesman – smart and likeable – but I was also miserable doing something that wasn’t what I wanted to do. I was also completely alone. I had relationships start up and end in a constant cycle of letting people down until it just wasn’t worth the effort of even trying to know people. I was tired. I was twenty-three years old and already tired

########
Rank: 6
Score: 50.48421
Retrieved Text: Me!!! sal – aka Sally Mortimer.
Neatspiration is all about Loving your Home and Inspiring your Inner Neat!
WHAT DOES NEATSPIRATION STAND FOR?
Neatspiration is all about finding EASY to use household items and cleaning products that will NOT harm your surfaces over the long term!
HOW DID I BECOME A NEATFREAK/Neatspiration?
My Nana is the most wonderful woman, and my Pop was the kindest man. They were the best Grandparents ever!!!! I only have memories of love and fun, and the effortless way their home was always immaculate. It always felt special being in their home, and it was not till I was a lot older that I could appreciate the effort Nana put in while also making it seem effortless. We were never made to be tidy, and I guess Nana fixed the aftermath after we left…which would have been never ending…considering we were there nearly every day!! She was a real NeatFreak.
I grew up around the corner from my cousins, and spent lots of time there. Their home was always immaculate as well – I guess Uncle Steve got that from Nana. I loved my cousins bedrooms, and every time I got home from playing, I would run straight to my room, and have a massive clean, purge and re-design. It would take me sometimes hours as I was a messy kid. My Mum was not a NeatFreak, and would love it when I got on a mission!!! When I was done I would call her into my room for the big reveal! I just loved it and

########
Rank: 7
Score: 49.75369
Retrieved Text: I hope you enjoy reading about my character, Sally Reynolds. Like millions of other people round the world, I read Fifty Shades of Grey, but it left me slightly perturbed. I’d call myself a strong-minded woman and I suppose I was unhappy that it was the man calling the shots.
In my Butterflies Trilogy, Sally is very definitely in charge and loving it. Her life didn’t have a very promising beginning. Her father left home when she was only five and she didn’t ever hear from him again. To all intents he was dead to her. Her mother struggled to bring up her daughter alone alternating various unsatisfactory relationships with drunken episodes as she sought solace in alcoholic binges. And then her mother met Aidan, and thought her life had become so much better; a man who loved both her and her daughter. What she didn’t know was just how much he loved her daughter!
Thankfully, Aidan left after just a year and Sally was left to pick up the pieces of her life. That year scarred her, but it also shaped her future and turned her into the independent woman she has become by the start of the first book in the series, The Turquoise Blue.
Sally is an attractive young woman who discovers she has a power over men, and she decides to turn this power to her advantage. Knowing she will probably never have a happy relationship with a man, she resolves to strengthen her independence and take her revenge on Aidan and other men like

########
Rank: 8
Score: 49.637524
Retrieved Text: Q. I think I know the answer to this question, but want your opinion. I have been to many different states, have enjoyed them all, but never have wanted to return to any as much as I do to Alaska! Seems like even if you live there for a short time, the urge to return in overwhelming. Why do you think this is? -Steve D.
A. Oh, I know what you mean, Steve. It was explained to me when we first came that if we liked it we might as well settle down and stay because if you leave there is a big invisible rubber band attached to you and sooner or later, the tension will build and you will spring back. Barring physical disability or bankruptcy, those who leave usually come back.
Now and then there is someone who just doesn’t like it. We had friends who wanted to move here back about 10 years ago. He loved it, but she hated it…..and when mama ain’t happy, ain’t nobody happy! She bawled for 3 months and then they left. She was an exception though. So, Steve, since you loved it so much, I know we’ll see you up here again. Thanks for writing.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 49.059227
Retrieved Text: With all the merchant-bashing that goes on in town (and here), it’s nice to hear a different perspective.
“06880” reader Terri Gatti Schure sent this “open letter” to Sally White — the beloved (and longtime) owner of Sally’s Place. It’s one of the last independent “record” stores in America — and Sally puts the “mom” in mom-and-pop shops.
You were the topic of conversation at our recent Staples High School 40th reunion earlier this month. Several of us reminisced about you, and the memories were so fond and profoundly deep. We all agreed that your love of music came from the heart. You had such passion — not just for the music itself, but for what the music created for us emotionally.
In 1967, the highlight of my Saturdays was going to Klein’s and listening to whatever you had on the “record player.” You’d guide me through the latest and best artists, albums, top 10. I could walk in and give you 2 or 3 words in the lyrics, and you knew exactly what song it was.
Even though I hadn’t seen you in 40 years, you were the same old Sally.
And those 2 songs? One was about not paying the rent – an old R&B tune. You wrote some notes in your spiral notebook — just like you did 40 years ago — and promised to do some research. If anyone can find the song, it will be you.
The other song was more of a memory. I told you that I recalled my mother sitting at the kitchen table

########
Rank: 10
Score: 48.95287
Retrieved Text: Unless you’re new here, you’ve heard of Liz before. She’s the rock star who just last month, lost her 100th pound in less than a year. Today, she posted this to our MBM Community group and I just had to share it with you. It is EVERYTHING <3.
“In July 2004, I went to see Madonna in Toronto. At that time I had just started a “medically-supervised” weight loss program (ie starvation). At the concert, I bought a (very expensive) shirt. It didn’t fit, but I was convinced that in a few short months it would. Spoiler: that plan didn’t work long term and I never wore the shirt.
Over the years, that shirt sat in my drawer and became such a symbol of all my failures. I loved it but hated it – and still had never worn it. Just over a year ago, I was cleaning out some stuff and asked my daughter if she wanted the shirt. She took it and wore it. FINALLY, someone got to wear this overpriced shirt!

########
Rank: 11
Score: 48.838116
Retrieved Text: Somebody was visiting us the other day and brought up the subject of popcorn Mama used to make.
Somebody was visiting us the other day and brought up the subject of popcorn Mama used to make. How well I remember that popcorn. Mama would make syrup using just sugar and water, and when it was done just the way she wanted it she would pour it over the popcorn, mix the sugar and popped kernels until all were coated. Then serve us fairly large portions of the sugared popcorn. What a treat.
When my own children were small I often tried to imitate what Mama used to do, but I seldom seemed to have the success she did. Mine wanted to stay sticky, and I’d make popcorn balls. Although good, it was not a delicious treat like Mama used to make. I haven’t tried to do that in years — not since microwave popcorn came into style. As a matter of fact, I haven’t often made popcorn in the microwave, either.
That’s not to say I can’t cook a tasty meal. I can. But it’s not natural to me like it seemed to be for Mama.
I learned to sew by watching Mama. She used to make her own patterns and everything. I never could make a pattern. I tried once. Disaster would be a mild word to use for the results. I wanted to make a pair of shorts for one of my boys. He was just a toddler then and I figured making shorts would be a piece

########
Rank: 12
Score: 48.76592
Retrieved Text: I love working with all of my clients, and hearing their stories when they come to me, and seeing their amazing transformations after we work together.
Svetlana came to me a few months ago with a desire to update her look; she was struggling with finding a style that expressed her personality, but was still comfortable and fun — and allowed her to be herself and feel confident. We worked together on a Style & Color Session, followed by Personal Shopping, and I’m so happy to report that Svetlana’s perception of her style has completely changed after our work together. She now loves her wardrobe and has a lot of fun mixing all the pieces together, receiving a ton of compliments on her looks.
I asked her to be the first in my new blog post series of “Client Reflections: Style Journeys” — please read as she shares the reasons she hired me, the ways the experience was transformative, and tips on finding a stylist to help you feel your most confident in the way you look!
Q: What initially prompted you to seek out my services (of an Image & Wardrobe Consultant & Personal Shopper)?
A: I always liked smart clothes and used to wear nice dresses when I was younger. But a couple of years ago, I became a housewife and started putting less and less attention to what I wear. I had a pair of jeans, a sweater, a couple of tops and used to wear them all the time. Shopping for me was a disaster and

########
Rank: 13
Score: 48.586628
Retrieved Text: Tell us about a time when someone had you completely fooled, where the wool was pulled right over your eyes and you got hoodwinked, but good. Was it a humorous experience or one you’d rather forget? What was the outcome?
Twelve-year-old Manda nestled deeper into her hammock and stared blankly into the spectral light that filtered through the rustling leaves of two adjoining maples. It was her favourite thinking place, and she loved it even more when her beloved aunt Sally sat in the rocking Muskoka chair close by and shared her stories.
“Do you have a story you can share to show me, aunt Sally?” Manda asked as she sat up and rested on her elbow, hope beaming from her eyes.
Her aunt thought for a moment. There were too many stories; too many wounded souls who’d pulled the wool over her all-too-trusting eyes. So much hurt. So much pain. Which of these stories could she share without overwhelming the innocence of her beautiful niece?
“Well?” Manda was getting impatient.
Sally took a sip of lemony iced tea, so cooling on a hot and sticky summer day, and settled more deeply into her rocker. The rhythm of its gentle sway bringing comfort as she wondered what to share.
“Narcissist, sweetie …” corrected Sally.
“Narciss … ist …” repeated Manda, still uncertain.
“Narcissists are people who make the world revolve around them at the expense of others. Every conversation; every activity; every experience you have with them will be about them, and if it doesn’t start out that way it will most certainly end

########
Rank: 14
Score: 48.57929
Retrieved Text: I waited for Justice to knock. I stared at the key holder by our door that spelled out home and the custom-made wood carvings just beneath it that read: Justice and Deanna. Her knock startled me. I stood in the doorway, opening it just enough for Justice to walk through. She was coming to get her things. This was finally it. I watched her as she moved from the front to the back, passing pictures of us that hung all over and picking up things that were once ours when we were in love.
Now out of love, they were just hers.
I could see her sneaking peeks at me as she moved around. Her pain was apparent and so was mine. I never understood how loud silence could be in comparison to noise until that very moment. Had we finally run out of things to talk about? How did we get here?
For a second, I wanted to read her mind and see if she was thinking the same things as me. There had been a point when her love was exactly what I needed to get through every day. I had to admit that the days hadn’t exactly been easy without her. So did I still need her love to make it? Yes.
I felt my heart beat fast as she walked over to our dresser and sat down the chain I’d bought her for her birthday. I wanted her to keep it. At least then, I’d know she would remember me long after time had healed both

########
Rank: 15
Score: 48.56945
Retrieved Text: As my kids got older they asked about people I’ve known, and of choices made, or not made. They’ve asked about what was the real truth and what is not. Sometimes people live in a place in-between the truth and the lies.
Ever since I was a tiny child I have collected stories. I listened in silence as adults talked. I’d fill in the blanks between the spaces that didn’t make sense, or more often or not were missing.
I can piece together parts of a life and figure out anything. There are no secrets. All is revealed.
Most people are horrible liars. Their stories change over the years. Photos and documents don’t add up. Confusion layered with bull crap. I can figure it out. What really happens in the real world. Truth is stranger than fiction, but even strange truth has some real truth to it.
Or the reason someone moves across the country to take a great job, but leaves a more prestigious job. He never wanted to be there. He never wanted to be with her. It was a mistake. Then there was a divorce. No children. He’d made a mistake and now he was going to lead his own life the way he wanted to – finally. There were a few other clues in there but in reality I never spoke with the person in question. I just knew. I was right. I’ve speculated on everything here and I’m right.
The young man joined the army because he was immature and needed to become a man. That

########
Rank: 16
Score: 48.503864
Retrieved Text: Asked my ex boyfriend to be my date at the Miss Culver City Corination.
July 28, 1964, Tuesday. Bought a Formal and called Dave Kendal.
Mommy embarrassed me so much I cried for an hour. She wanted me to go with Dave so she called his house and asked where he was, but couldn’t say who she was for her daughter’s sake! After I got over that, we went shopping to the Brides Shop in Beverly Hills. We found a yellow Formal. It fitted tight in the front, with a bouffant back. We bought it even though it was too small. I got enough nerve to call Dave’s house and talked to his mother. I love her. She said he’d love to go with me to the Coronation. Went to the Saffron Meeting, than to Robert’s Restaurant. Boys told me of a party tomorrow.
My mother called my ex boyfriend, Dave Kendal’s mom, because she loved me and wanted my Miss Culver City experience to be fit for a Queen.
It embarrassed me so much I cried for an hour. However, she knew how to take my mind off my feelings… She took me to the Beverly Hills Bridal Shop and bought me the most beautiful Movie Star Formal I’d ever seen. Mom even altered the Formal to fit like a glove and actually sewed me into it. I wish I go back and tell her how much I love her and appreciate how much she loved me too.
This entry was posted in 1960's Surf Culture, 1964 High School Diary,

########
Rank: 17
Score: 48.44039
Retrieved Text: Happy Release Day to Celestial by S.E. Anderson! If you love Science Fiction with humor and feels, you need to start this series now!
Synopsis: Sally, Zander, and Blayde, accompanied by their new friend Nim, have only one request: no more bizarre distractions on their hunt for Earth.
Anderson has taken me on another bold adventure, and all I can say is wow! I think Celestial has become my favorite of the series. It was spellbinding! I loved the humor and intensity, and all the beauty and action! This one alone made the series worth reading, and I have loved every book so far!
What I have loved so far in the series, and what I loved the most about this book, is how Anderson touched on the subject of depression and anxiety and entwined it in to such a highly entertaining storyline with grace, appropriate humor, and sensitivity. Sally has been one of my favorite characters since book 1 because of how she was created. She has always been strong and vulnerable at the same time. She’s always hit with these insane adventures and situations and has always taken steps to inwardly reflect before acting while showcasing how someone with mental health handles less than normal situations in general.
And, Sally truly became a goddess in this one. I loved her so much and enjoyed how she changed and grew and let a little more of herself out in to the universe. I loved really seeing how she has affected Zander and Blayde without even realizing it herself. And,

########
Rank: 18
Score: 48.325737
Retrieved Text: We just got back from the most magical trip to Disney and I want to get the trip report done before I forget all of the fun details. So Day 1...here we go.
Our plane left super early from Memphis. We had to be at the airport at 5:30 am...yikes! We waited until the last possible moment to wake Sally and get her dressed. She was so excited to see her cute little travel outfit. See all of the details on that here.
She did great on the plane and the bag that I packed for her combined with peanuts and pretzels on the airplane worked like a charm. See all the details of the bag here.
We stayed at the Caribbean Beach Resort. This was our first time at this hotel and although it was nice, I wasn't impressed with the luggage service. There was no clear direction about what we should do with our luggage after we checked in. The resort is HUGE and I think the idea is that they will walk you to your room with a cart of luggage...but we stood around for a good 10 minutes and no one was telling us what to do, so we just grabbed our bags and walked to our rooms...it was a trek!
As soon as we got there, I had to decorate the window. I used my banner that I got from Lauren Haddox. See the details here.
The room was really nice...very clean and we paid extra to ensure a king bed. We also had them bring

########
Rank: 19
Score: 48.100338
Retrieved Text: Sally was the best celebrant we could have asked for, Sally was professional, but so fun! The thought of getting all the paperwork stuff ready for a wedding is quite daunting, but Sally made the whole process very easy. And on the day, Sally kept the ceremony fun and upbeat, which is exactly what we discussed with her prior to the day.
We cannot recommend Sally enough!
It’s truly difficult to find the words to describe how perfect Sally was for us. As a gay couple, it was super important to find someone that respected our relationship. Not only did Sally achieve that through her fantastically personalised ceremony, but she was so calm and lovely the entire time. I could not recommend her enough to anyone who was looking for a celebrant as Sally was absolute perfection for us!
We found Sally on Instagram….we met for a wine and the rest is history! Sal brought an easy, fun and personal vibe to our wedding. She took the time to helped us prepare our ceremony and vows so that it wasn’t a carbon copy ceremony and it felt like us . We couldn’t recommend Sal enough, we loved our ceremony!
Sally is an absolute legend. With no fuss she was able to create the perfect atmosphere for our wedding — sacred, relaxed, easy. I couldn’t recommend her enough.
We could not have been happier with the incredible ceremony that Sally designed and delivered for us on our wedding day. From the very beginning of the whole process, you could tell that Sally’s

########
Rank: 20
Score: 48.09285
Retrieved Text: As much as Cece missed being in the spotlight she loved doing what she was doing even more. She felt very proud of herself and she had been like a phoenix from the fire. Most people would have just let themselves sink into further depression but not Cece she had to do something. She had to at least try to make something better for herself. She smiled as she looked over the list of things that she needed to do. She needed to make sure that everything went without a hitch for the upcoming events. She had a wedding, a few charity events and a few other things that needed her attention. There was nothing that she loved more than to help someone’s event become a success. She took that after her mother in more ways than one. It brought a smile to her face whenever she was able to make an event truly successful. She grabbed her pen and marked a few things off of her list that she hadn’t been able to earlier.
Picking up her phone she called to check to make sure that there was plenty of The Ghost White and Cosmic Cowboy IPA. Once that was done she checked it off of her list. The wedding was an important event and one of the biggest that she was doing at the moment. She wanted this to be perfect and she was very meticulous in making sure that every single detail was being taken care of and the way that it was supposed

########
Rank: 21
Score: 48.031784
Retrieved Text: Do you know your employment value? I learned about the emotional benefit of getting an unbiased opinion when I helped someone write her CV around 30 years ago.
In my new home typing venture, my first client worked at a local bank. She was a lovely, nervous woman who wanted to know if I could provide a confidential service and help her write a new CV.
When we shook hands, she gave me the dead fish version. I offered her a cup of tea and asked about her family. She loved her kids!
When I asked her what she did, she had a really hard time verbalizing her responsibilities. She didn’t know where to start. So I asked her to explain to me what a basic day looks like. What she loved / what she hated.
Here’s what I discovered. She was being paid and treated as a very junior and dispensable person by this branch. However, she essentially did the job of a controller. She did it all without any of the benefits, recognition, or paycheck.
My interview with her was about an hour long as I tried to get a good grasp as to who she was, so I could demonstrate those qualities and capabilities on paper.
Three days after she had picked up her CV, I received a beautiful bouquet of flowers and a gushing thank you note. Obviously, I called her to find out what happened.
She was thrilled. When she saw her accomplishments in black and white, she realized I was right about her being an acting controller

########
Rank: 22
Score: 47.850258
Retrieved Text: Dylan works as a hairdresser, saving every extra penny to open her own shop one day. And at 25, it is a good dream to have. But learning that you have a twin sister is something that can throw your world into a spin if you are not careful.
Cora is the twin sister, raised by a family with money and given every opportunity. She also has two brothers and both were adopted. While Cora wants to learn everything about Dylan and share her life with her, Dylan is finding herself being drawn to Cora's brother, Hunter.
Hunter is the type of man that uses women, throws them away after he gets what he wants. And he wants Dylan, but he isn't sure what it is that is pulling them together. Can they spend one night together and not get burned?
This story was a rollercoaster ride for me because Cora had my head spinning. She was all over the place, didn't understand or didn't care that Dylan had to work. Always wanting to go shopping, where Dylan hated it because she didn't have the extra money to spend. But I guess that is the difference between someone who grew up with money and someone who didn't.
I loved the idea of this story, Dylan dated but didn't find the right guy. Then she finds him and he happens to be her long-lost sister’s brother, go figure. But the story is really good and will have you in tears by the end. I need book #2 NOW please.
Dylan is a

########
Rank: 23
Score: 47.67887
Retrieved Text: I was in small town this weekend that I had never been to before. My reason for being there was of course to bring joy to others through my passion. I also had the luxury of being paid to do it. It was a small town and I could feel the difference from being in the main NYC area right away. I was given a hotel room for the night after my first day of performing which was very much so appreciated. Yesterday, after having had a wonderful night of solid sleep, I wandered into the local mall to seek out a bookstore. I seek out bookstores constantly, they are my haven.
Success!! I found a great bookstore and I was instantly happy. As I entered the store I saw that there was a place to buy refreshments, so I stepped into the line and waited my turn. Out of the corner of my eye I felt an energy from someone, so I turned in that direction. As I looked over, there was a young woman who was obviously looking in my direction. She smiled and I smiled back politely. I received my beverage before her and I then walked over to the little side station to grab some napkins and so on. In a few seconds, she was standing right next to me getting some things for herself. At that moment I felt a signal to engage her, so I did. I simply said, "Hello, how are you?" She replied, "Hello, you are not from around

########
Rank: 24
Score: 47.646496
Retrieved Text: Loved this, what a fun rhyme.
Whoa! Very intriguing. I'm wondering what it is exactly that she is going to do. I loved the looking through friends of friends list.
Thanks so much for stopping by to visit me earlier this week, Sally.
Loved this! I've been looking at this particular writing prompt, maybe I'll join in on it soon.
I wanted to nominate you for the Liebstar award. I've mentioned you on my last post so I hope you take a look and let me know if you will accept!
I would love to hear what she's up to - well done!

########
Rank: 25
Score: 47.64217
Retrieved Text: After Major Carter and Sally left, Betty had less freedom, for her mother was lonely; moreover, she dared not leave Emory and Harriet too much together. The danger still might be averted if she did her duty and stood guard. She never had seen Jack look so well as he looked this summer. The very gold of his hair seemed brighter, and his blue eyes were often radiant. His beauty was conventional, but Betty could imagine its potent effect on a girl of Harriet Walker's temperament and limited experience. But he had appeared to prefer Sally's society to Harriet's, and his spirits dropped after her departure.
It was only when Harriet offered to read to Mrs. Madison and settled down to three hours' steady work a day, that Betty allowed herself liberty after the early morning. From five till eight in the evening and for an hour or two before breakfast she roamed the forest or pulled indolently about the lake. The hours suited her, for the hotel people were little given to early rising; and although they boated industriously by day, they preferred the lower and more fashionable lake, and dined at half-past six.
Life with her no longer was a smooth sailing on a summer lake. There was a roar below, as if the lake rested lightly on a subterranean ocean; and the very pines seemed to have developed a warning note.
Harriet looked like a walking Fate, nothing less. Since Sally's abrupt departure she had not smiled, and Betty knew that instinct divined and explained the

########
Rank: 26
Score: 47.386295
Retrieved Text: We had a lot of fun and the kids all got wet and giggled. Really, what more does a child need?
Cody did not land his jump across the wake- well, not that jump. He did land some of his other jumps but those weren't nearly as fun to capture on film as was his sideways landing. No worries, he wasn't hurt, but he was done for the night.
The girls each did a little bit of surfing. I was very surprised that Ivy wanted to give it a try but she promised me she would do it before the night ended. She tends to live up to her promises quite well. When she was finished she told Scott that she loved it but she "hated" the part when they went under the water. She was so proud of herself for doing it that she pumped her arms and chanted "I did it!"
She will prove me wrong one of these days and she will become an adventurer.
Good job Ivy! That is a great picture. I am very impressed! So are you the driver?
I love the wipe out pictures! It would be fun to see more. The pics are really good.
Ivy's so cute! Glad she is getting more daring, she'll have so much fun.
I love that last photo of Ivy! There's nothing better than being proud of your accomplishment.
Love these photos. Family classics!

########
Rank: 27
Score: 47.284153
Retrieved Text: With no prologue, no names, I begin. All about HER.
Not many words. . Her name speaks for her. And it is SHE.
Do you know her? Probably, not.
I wish I could tell you a story about her. But I can’t.
I don’t know her fully.
As no one knows about her fully, I take liberty to write about her and this is dedicated to HER.
This is for HER who dumps her negativity at night, somewhere in the middle of dark, may be through a pen or paper or even between the spaces of those keys, when her hands move to type. HER place can be a Blog or Diary or even a Text message she sends. Yet all loved those, for it stringed an air.
If we look into HER words, we will know that she is somewhere between smiles and tears, sorrow and joy, shore and sea, earth and sky, rather dreams and reality.
she herself doesn’t know where she is. Struck between the edges of Yesterdays and Tomorrows, she lives HER Today’s’.
Men fell for HER easily, but she always walked away their hearts pushing them away, knowing that they would make love to her but nobody would ever love HER. SHE said it is the raw passion and desire, all men felt for HER. SHE passed across the vulture eyes alone, all alone.
But now ask HER to talk about something and she tells you all about LOVE and Him. Is she in Love? Nobody knows the answer.
SHE puts up a brave face, not because SHE is happy but because

########
Rank: 28
Score: 47.231873
Retrieved Text: Didn’t expect this when you were expecting?
She quietly stole a moment for herself as she rested her head on a throw pillow. She reminisced about the carefree and happy memory of picking out the pillow when they bought their first piece of furniture together, a year after they met. As she laid there she realized she was experiencing the same feeling of fatigue she did when she was the top Real Estate agent in Hoboken.
This time the fatigue was from caring for her beautiful new born baby boy Matthew, who became colicky the minute they arrived home from the hospital.
She had always wanted to be a mother. This desire became stronger when she met her husband. She saw that he was a family man and together they could make this dream of hers come true. She loved the way he took care of his parents, checking in on them daily, doing their grocery shopping when needed and driving them to their doctor’s appointments. She respected him tremendously for putting the needs of his parents first and knew that their family together would be his priority.
When she found out she was pregnant she felt so blessed with the feeling that she had it all; a great career, loving relationship with her husband and now a child on the way. She dreamed of quiet feedings in the rocking chair her grandmother left her, short cat naps while her baby took his, and lunch dates with her girlfriends and their babies. She was glad to finally be in “the

########
Rank: 29
Score: 47.132526
Retrieved Text: A TRIBUTE TO LINDSEY 10-222-9-1998 to 2-24-2011Lindsey came to us as a forever foster care Hospice Golden in Sept 2010. GRRIN labeled her as Hospice care because they said she was partially blind, partially deaf and had bad back legs. She did great with all of her ailments, most of the time you never knew she had them. She adjusted well with us and Shack, our adopted GRRIN golden. She took over his bed, so he went shopping with Irma and bought a new bed for her (she still liked to get in his bed when she could).
She loved to play with toys especially the one’s Shack would be playing with. She loved to eat popcorn if you open the can she was right there (can’t hear uh). She loved to catch it (her personal best was 10 in a row (can’t see very well either). She loved to go for walks with Shack and I, we go to Walnut Grove park everyday and she was walking about a mile a day, her legs were getting stronger. Lindsey taught Shack to beg from the table. She would lay between us and pretty soon Ron would get a gentle kick on his leg.
When you looked down at Lindsey she would be looking at you with the big brown eyes and a look of determination on her face. Lindsey was never denied. If fact when she got sick the saying went “whatever Lindsey wants Lindsey gets”. Shack got in on it too and the two really could get

================



======= Instance Index 179 =========
Input Text: After taking my final exams I got my grades back and had  a 4.0 gpa, how did I feel?
Choose the most suitable option to answer the above question.
Options:
- graduation
- headaches
- fail again
- success
- failure

Target Text: success

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 55.7644
Retrieved Text: 8/07/2011 · me the the required GPA for admissions on INTERIM transcripts for Arts 2011 is 3.4. He encouraged me to get my grades up and send in my final transcript, as I may still be admitted to UBC. After talking to a few people around campus, I've learned that typically the final entrance GPA is lower than the interim GPA. Basically, they set the bar higher for early acceptance, knowing that their... UBC Arts Co-op @UBCartscoop. From educated to employed, we work with diverse community partners and sectors to provide students with transformative workplace learning.
I got into UBC too. I chose SFU cuz I was very artsy back then and wanted to major in Fine Arts (LOLOL!) and i thought that SFU's program was better than UBCs.... UBC uses a percentage scale (/100%) and equivalent letter grades for grading purposes. To find the grade point average (GPA) equivalent (whether on a 4.0 or 4.33 scale for example), you would need to view the evaluating body's scale to make this conversion.
8/07/2011 · me the the required GPA for admissions on INTERIM transcripts for Arts 2011 is 3.4. He encouraged me to get my grades up and send in my final transcript, as I may still be admitted to UBC. After talking to a few people around campus, I've learned that typically the final entrance GPA is lower than the interim GPA. Basically, they set the bar higher for early acceptance, knowing that their how to learn mehandi design After getting accepted into UBC, I quickly found

########
Rank: 1
Score: 54.458588
Retrieved Text: I received a conditional offer from UCL via email in December and then got my official letter last week. It looks great, except that the condition is that I graduate from my American law school with a GPA of 3.3/4.0. This is mathematically impossible for me to do at this point! Does anybody know how strict UCL is with their conditions? Mine has currently been sent back to be "re-considered" in light of the gpa problem. My GPA is 3.13 right now, probably will be 3.16 upon graduation.
I'm a 3L in a Canadian law school and have the same problem. How do you know the application is being "re-considered"?
Silver- I emailed the admissions offer when I received the letter and she sent me an email back, saying that she has returned it to the law faculty to be re-considered. I guess they are different offices. I basically told her that I want to come, but that my GPA is not going to be what the condition set forth.
Yeah, please let me know what they say. I e-mailed the LLM office at UCL directly, and they said that normally when students fall just under the requirements after we get our final grades, we should e-mail them. As I understand things, the conditional should be misinterpreted as a tacit way of guaranteeing admission with incentive to keep grades up. In another post a guy reported that his friend got a conditional offer from UCL, didn't make the offer condition, and consequently had his offer rescinded.
Ah sorry, I made

########
Rank: 2
Score: 49.460594
Retrieved Text: If you do not see the "Contact Ray" link in the next sentence, it is because the text is "white on white," and if you refresh the page, it should be corrected.
Updated email address for contacting Ray if you have any questions about this process of law study, Contact Ray.
This is my long term project in regard to completing law study via distance education.
Check out the Right Now page for my most current information.
I passed the 28 October 2014 FYLSX.
To keep it really short, a lot of us end up on Academic Probation from 1L. I don't worry about it, and neither should you. Hopefully, we will get the grasp of what we are supposed to know, pass the FYLSX, work out of Academic Probation and move along in our programs.
Don't waste time worrying about Academic Probation, it is history, focus on what you need to do to get the job done from here.
I am not shy about this point. I will fully report my grades on all aspects of this project.
The 1L courses that I took had been, Introduction to Law and Legal Writing, Contracts, Criminal Law, and Torts.
Introduction to Law and Legal Writing Grade = "A."
Criminal Law: Grade = "C-."
This gave me a GPA of 1.57, which is Academic Probation range.
Note: Intro to Law is "pass / fail" at NWCULaw, but other students who have passed the FYLSX report that upon passing the FYLSX, the grade is an "A," and it does not seem to matter how many times you take it before passing.
Passing

########
Rank: 3
Score: 48.2296
Retrieved Text: I keep reading about all these people with 3.5-4.0 physics GPA on this site asking about grad school. At my school (Western Washington University), the exams are so damn near impossible to pass that the average grade in each junior/senior level courses is right at passing (C-). How are we supposed to get into grad school with grades like this? We put in about 70 hours/week on physics coursework. Any help is appreciated.
Re: Is my school weird or something?
People with 3.5-4.0 GPA shouldn't really worry too much about their grades for applying to grad schools, except for applying to the top tier (but these are hard enough to get into that any student would be worried). You don't need a 3.5+ GPA to get into grad school.
It might be important to note the people who post on this forum are not representative of all physics undergrads/grad school applicants. I think the profile threads especially show a bias towards the stronger students (either the average student is too intimated to post, or does not know about this forum, or is not interested in posting etc. who knows). I visited a school this year with a couple dozen other students but none of them posted an acceptance in this forum (i.e. I didn't see such a profile posted in the 2012 thread).
GPAs in the 3.0-3.5 range are still "good enough" for grad school -- maybe not for the top tier schools though but it really depends on your program. I suppose if you are worried that your grades

########
Rank: 4
Score: 47.309074
Retrieved Text: On Friday night, Student Marshal Kelsey Schupp ’16 will lead her fellow Black School of Business commencement candidates into Erie Insurance Arena just as her sister, Brooke ʼ14, did two years ago.
Only five Student Marshals are chosen for a commencement ceremony, one representing each of Penn State Behrend’s four academic schools plus an Honors candidate to lead the college’s Schreyer Scholars. To recognize their outstanding academic achievements, Student Marshals are given the honor of carrying the banners that precede each of the five candidate groups onto the arena floor.
Kelsey will receive concurrent degrees in Accounting and Finance and soon will begin working as a proposal analyst associate at Lockheed Martin’s Missile and Fire Control division in Orlando. Brooke joined GE Transportation after graduating with a degree in Interdisciplinary Business with Engineering Studies; this fall she completes her fourth and final rotation in GE’s Operations Management Leadership Program.
Was being named Marshal a goal for you, Kelsey?
I wouldn’t necessarily say being Marshal was a specific goal I made, but I knew there was a good chance of it happening because my personal goal was graduating with a cumulative 4.0 GPA.
Was Brooke an inspiration? Are you two competitive?
Brooke graduated with a 4.0 GPA too. I’ve always wanted to do my very best in school purely for my own satisfaction, but Brooke’s performance at Behrend pushed me to try even harder. She definitely left me some big shoes to fill.
In my junior year I started a game with myself –I decided to see how much more I could take on

########
Rank: 5
Score: 47.163113
Retrieved Text: It had been awhile since I had watched it, but a few years ago I watched an episode of the Big Bang Theory titled The Gothowitz Deviation that I thought was absolutely hilarious (as are all of them). In this particular episode, Sheldon begins feeding Penny chocolates whenever she behaves well. He is positively reinforcing her good behavior, and goes on to say that he is applying mild operant conditioning. Leonard is furious at this, and tells Sheldon he is forbidden from continuing to do this to Penny. Sheldon refuses and squirts Leonard in the face with a squirt bottle, a form of negative reinforcement (Aronsohn, Rosenstock, & Cendrowski, 2009).
My rationale is that in high school children who receive good grades are positively reinforced to believe that they are studying correctly by being rewarded with praise from their teachers. This means that the most intelligent students may believe that they have the correct methods for success in college. Unfortunately, as every college student will tell you it isn’t what you come in to college knowing, but how you achieved what you know that will be the best predictor of college GPA.
In order to test this hypothesis, we would need to analyze a large sample group of 50 people who got grades of a 4.0 GPA in high school, and compare those grades to their first midterm college GPA (dependent variable). To sharpen the focus, we could also limit it to only people who were in 3+ extracurricular activities in high school who had less time to

########
Rank: 6
Score: 47.048267
Retrieved Text: I just sent in my transcripts to LSAC and they just converted my grades to their own scale.
My cumulative gpa ranked percentage at my school comes out to exactly 50% (3.40). Basically it means that my gpa is right in the middle of students applying to law school out of my undergrad university. How does that look to certain admissions councils when your applying to law school? Does being in the middle gpa wise affect my chances at applying to law school?
I am not looking at T14 schools.
Well, my GPA is also at my school's 50% for law school applicants. I can't say that it's negatively affected me thus far.
ETA: I will say that factors that work in my favor are time since the bad grades, a strong upward trend in grades, graduate work, etc. So there are other factors that will balance in. I don't know where you're applying or what your total application package looks like, so it's hard to give you specific advice.
I'm below the median at my school. However, I maintain that the rest of my school has fluffy majors and I don't, and I have stuff from my school to prove it :D So I wrote an addendum about that. Anything in that realm you can consider?
I don't plan on applying till probably next year. I am working right out of school and they require a 2 year commitment.
I have a major upward trend in grades. I was tripled in a double room my freshmen year and my grades reflect that.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 46.693962
Retrieved Text: Hello and thank you for stopping by my merit page! 2017 will be my first year at Capital University and I am very excited to starting working towards my Bachelor's Degree in Nursing. I have a passion for science, particularly biology and psychology. I have an Associate's Degree in Cross Disciplinary Studies, which I earned from Ohio Dominican University. It is my goal to serve and give back to the Capital community and I will be exploring many ways to do so through the Honor's program, PRIDE, and more. If you have any questions for me, please feel free to contact me!
In 2017, I received an Honor's diploma of Associate's in Cross Disciplinary Studies. This meant during my years studying at ODU, my grades were maintained on average at 3.5 or higher on a 4.0 GPA.
In 2017, I received an Honor's diploma of Associate's in Cross Disciplinary Studies. This meant during my years studying at The Charles School, my grades were maintained on average at 3.5 or higher on a 4.0 GPA.
In the National Honor's Society, I worked together with other students to complete various community service projects around our school and were required to maintain grades on average above 3.0 on a 4.0 GPA scale.
On two separate occasions, I participated in the Middle College National Consortium's student leadership conference. This conference is dedicated to the sharing of ideas and completion of community service projects through the collaboration of early college high schools around the United States. Once a year, a national conference is held and

########
Rank: 8
Score: 46.5693
Retrieved Text: Searching For An Accurate GPA Calculator?
Get The Results of Your Current or Potential Grade!
I needed to calculate my high school GPA to know whether I am eligible for a college I chose. I could do it manually, but it would take quite long. I think it is great to have such a calculator online, so you don’t need to do it all manually like a cave dweller.
I am originally from Iceland, so when I got to calculate my GPA for college studies I am taking in the USA I was confused. Luckily, I have found a helpful tool. I don’t even know how much time would it take for me to figure it all out by myself.
Using a GPA calculator has become standard techniques that all student have come to rely on to discover their GPA. Due to their accessibility online and the promise of fast and straightforward operations, no other solution can take their place. High school and college students have been taking advantage the efficiency of the calculators to estimate their scores.
Want to try out our calculator to find your GPA online? The score outcome is beneficial in keeping track of your performance. The calculators are super-fast in delivering the scores. You won’t have to perform an agonizing manual calculation. Within just minutes, you can learn how you fair in comparison to your projected GPA targets.
Are you in your senior year or a college student in an undergraduate program? Well, this free GPA calculator tool is your companion! If you are a high school

########
Rank: 9
Score: 46.111393
Retrieved Text: Belgium-born and Fort Worth-raised, Alessio is a sophomore Music Studies (Choral Emphasis) major and a Fall 2016 NUGI. Alessio cares for people and music deeply, and he's always looking out for the group and keeping us on track. Outside of LHS, he sings in UT's Concert Chorale. We're so thankful for you, Alessio!
What's your favorite musical accomplishment?
By far, this would have to be being accepted into the Butler School of Music here at UT. I actually did not come into UT Austin as a music major a year and a half ago, believe it or not. I was accepted to the university as a Mathematics major because prior to my senior year of high school, I had always believed I would pursue my need to always be learning something new in the STEM world. I knew I had made a big mistake, however, ever since I got my acceptance letter; I just didn't feel at all fulfilled. That led me on the path of pursuing my true passion -- music. I actually auditioned about a year ago, requesting to change my major, and to this day, ever since I was accepted into the program, it has been one of the best things I have ever done.
What's your favorite LHS memory?
My absolute favorite memory of being in Longhorn Singers just has so much to do with how much the group can fulfill me so much as a person involved with music. Last spring, I had a pretty rough semester because I was taking a HUGE course load

########
Rank: 10
Score: 46.039776
Retrieved Text: Online application is open. Let share our experiences!
Hey! I'm applying for SEO this year and I wanted to ask something.
I am a transfer student who was formally a junior but now I am a sophomore until after this fall.
Also my g.p.a from my previous school was below a 3.0; but I will be getting a higher g.p.a this semester, no less than a 3.7, so I will not be able to give the higher g.p.a until Jan. Should I apply to the first deadline or the second for the best chance. And will they combine the two for an average or do I submit the highest one?
if you think it your cummulative gpa will be higher than 3.0 with this semester's grades, apply, and explain them the situation. gpa is important, but they want more than that, they want well rounded people that are smart, friendly, team workers, responsible, committed, and that serve society. What program are you interested in?
Thanks! That makes me feel way more confident about my application. I'm applying for the Investment Banking program. So will I be able to add my Spring semester grades or will they come too late?
had my skype screen interview today... keeping my fingers crossed for good news!
@Seeseeme when and what program area did u apply for?
Keeping my fingers crossed, I am very motivated.
@mapr89 I have a couple of questions to ask: what program did u apply to? how long did it take for them to get back to you with an answer for the application?
I hope you

########
Rank: 11
Score: 45.75755
Retrieved Text: supplements for property, con law, civ pro?
What is the best way to prepare for the bluebook exam?
Worth it to get student membership for bar associations?
Anyone IN or FINISHED: Ks II w/ Crandall&Whaley 5th Ed.) ?
Is there a keyboard shortcut for the § symbol in OneNote?
First semester GPA on resume?
so when a professor says..
When did you give up on BigLaw?
Supplements for Crim, Property, Conlaw?
After Submitting Grades, Can Profs See Who Got What?
another drop out thread...opinions please!
Need TLS Wisdom: Email Grades Update to Employers?
How to handle talking to a handful of my professors?
should i talk to my professor?
How does this grading curve compare to other T20 schools?
Do firms evaluate GPA based on the curve of your school?
Syllabus: "Laptops are discouraged." Should I use a laptop?
Did/does anyone else feel like they "changed" after 1L?
Being a lawyer and having a family -- your thoughts?

########
Rank: 12
Score: 45.44634
Retrieved Text: Has anyone done the interview for this year? How was it?.
I was wondering if anyone applied to Waterloo. If so how did you satisfy their math requirements? If you look at the equivalent UofA course they list multiple courses for each requirement. Anyways I'm just confused so if anyone has applied to Waterloo plz contact me.
Has anyone done the Kira practice assessment? I have already done one practice assessment but it does not allow me to review my video recorded answers. It comes up with a notification saying "No compatible source was found for this media". Is anyone having the same problem and knows how to fix?
Hey guys! Just wondering if anyone knew the weight breakdown for each section of the admission requirements? I heard that it is about 60% grades, 30% interview, and 10% LOI but I’m not sure at all. I have a highly competetive gpa with a 4.0 but I am still very nervous about the interview process!
I thought I'd let some of you know since no one has talked about it yet in this forum and also to help future applicants. I just finished doing the interview today and in my opinion, it was not that bad (but I definitely did bad on one question). Goodluck to all of us!
If you have not done it yet, try using a different browser (I used google chrome for mine) or updating your adobe flash player. Hope this helps.
For the written part, can anyone who have done this explain a bit more? Is the recording

########
Rank: 13
Score: 45.357407
Retrieved Text: I went yesterday. I was leaning towards Osgoode but Queen's is certainly not making my decision easy.
Admitted today as well. OLSAS CGPA: 3.79 LSAT: 160 Will likely be declining.
Killer stats man! A very well earned acceptance!
Congratulations! And amazing gpa by the way.
Thanks for the kind words JDee21! The last piece of my application was received by Dalhousie on November 2nd. Good luck with your applications!
Thanks for the kind words. Good luck to you buddy. Also, I applied to all those schools you listed, lol.
Depends how they calculate it. For personal reasons I normally took four courses at a time. So if they just look at my last two years it is a 3.88. If, however, they look to my final 3 to get enough credits to calculate enough credits for an l2 it becomes 3.87.
3.84 is on the 4.0 scale and is my cumulative. I am an Ontario resident. When I called Rose I told her I was surprised because my lsat is a little low. She said while that is true my application was overall strong. She also said my referees had very nice things to say about me.
Dude, I feel for you. One of my profs didn't submit until two days before the deadline (for ontario schools). Needless to say I was tense.
Got the email at 9:51 AM this morning! Stats: 3.84 GPA, 160 LSAT. Decent soft. I think my personal statement was good, but don't we all. Absolutely shocked to hear back this early!

########
Rank: 14
Score: 45.30648
Retrieved Text: I'm currently flirting with a 4.0 GPA this semester, as a post-bac student, and while I've done well before I've never posted a 4.0 for the semester. Nor have I ever felt like I had a legitimate chance at getting one, in any particular semester.
But right now, if the semester ended today I would have it. However, I find it much harder to maintain an A, in every class, than it is to improve a B+ or A- to an A. How do you stay motivated? I feel like I'm on the defensive trying not to lose it, when typically I've been on the offensive trying to get it, which makes studying a lot easier.
How did I stay motivated? I stayed motivated because I was a winner. I was never satisfied with anything less than that 4.0.
It depends on the person. Some people guard their 4.0 with their life (me), and some people are a bit more lenient. I give every single assignment/test/quiz my 120% as if my life counted on it ( I know dramatic, but that's my point).
It comes down to how badly you want it.
I started the semester pretty solidly by getting A's in everything. As the semester went on, I upped my studying, yet somehow, my exam/quiz scores have been creeping down to a B. It's frustrating, because I'm not burnt out; in fact, I'm more motivated than at the beginning. Also, the material isn't getting that much harder, so I don't know what's up with me. . .
Now scrape the fungus

########
Rank: 15
Score: 45.12119
Retrieved Text: Showing results for tags 'exams'.
On the IB Chemistry Syllabus (or any experimental science for that matter), there is a section that is titled "Utilization". It just refers to other practical links to the concepts in each chapter. Are we supposed to know these links for the actual exam? Thanks!
If I am unhappy with mock exams, could I improve my grades on real exams?
Hey! So I was both happy and unhappy with some of my exam grades for my mocks. I was unhappy mostly with my biology and math mock exam grades, my first exam is Math, on May 2. I was wondering, is it possible to highly improve on the real exams then mocks? I am applying in Australia so only my real exam grades matter. Has anyone really improved on their real exams compared to their mocks?
I’m failing Math SL, and I seemed to be doing fine before.
Hey guys. It’s my first year of DP. I’ve gotten an overall score of 6 in my previous semester, and I seemed to be surviving all right. But in the past few tests I took, I got a 2 and a 3. It felt like I understood the concepts properly and I didn’t have that much of an issue answering the homework and past exam questions that my teacher prepares before tests. She also seemed concerned about my grades. I’ve spoken to her, and she said that I would just have to keep on doing more work. There is only a few months before the end of the

########
Rank: 16
Score: 45.041878
Retrieved Text: Your query for Political Science produced 15,678 results. Don't forget to use our sort and time filters to refine the results.
Has anyone on the wait list received an update? Any news of offers being made after April 15?
TPB, mine was also 'under review' till this morning. Checked out the website and saw the rejection. Well, I think I shouldn't have been hopeful in the first place, given they throw away dozens of waitlists. This was a completely failed application cycle. Good luck to everybody.
To the poster below, under grad school review. How about you?
70% average from a good UK university. Got my LSE for you 3 weeks ago.
Anyone got rejection or admission from the wait-lists? I don't understand why it takes so long time for them to release the results. I got admitted to another program, but I want CU-Boulder more!
Anyone waitlisted heard back from New School?
Anybody got off the waitlist? or heard from UMD either way?
I.R. was "short waitlisted" & today received the official rejection.
Declined fully funded offer yesterday, CP field, tough choice since the fit was great. Hope it helps someone on the waitlist!
I emailed the DGS early today and asked about my status on the waitlist, he confirmed that I will not be getting an offer of admissions. Welp, guess this means my cycle is officially over, with 6r/0a its a bit rough. But I am hopeful for next year!
Just declined my fully funded offer from Rochester. It was a very tough choice as Rochester is a very good program. Good luck to

########
Rank: 17
Score: 44.7619
Retrieved Text: Hey, remember high school? Only vaguely? Same here. I do remember a general feeling of dread at the end of the semester, knowing final exams were my last chance to bring up my middling grades before my parents saw my report card. The stress of that knowledge would lead to ineffective studying, more middling grades, and ultimately, an unimpressive GPA. But you know what? It all turned out OK because while I may not have been accepted to Harvard, I did eventually land a sweet gig curating viral horse news stories*, like this one.
Barrington High School in the Chicago suburbs wanted to help break the cycle of stress that afflicts so many students during finals week, so they did what anyone would do. They brought in horses. Specifically, they invited Mini Horses from Mane in Heaven, an animal-assisted therapy group based in Barrington. These Mini therapy horses and their human handlers visit nursing homes, hospitals, veterans’ facilities and other locations where they can help people through animal-assisted activity and therapy.
According to Mane in Heaven, one of the benefits of human-animal interactions is helping people develop an outward focus. In other words, when people interact with Mini Horses, they think about the horses instead of their personal problems and stressors. Like final exams.
Students were surprised to see the Minis at their school when Mane in Heaven visited on Wednesday, but they were an instant hit. The horses spent the morning accepting pats and hugs and posing for selfies with students.
Good luck with the rest of your finals,

########
Rank: 18
Score: 44.683846
Retrieved Text: Student Success Stories: Steve B.
My first semester of college was kind of a wake-up call for me. I remember doing poorly on my first couple of exams and the pressure I felt from my folks to get the kind of grades I got in high school. So, I doubled my efforts for the second round of tests and felt confident that all that extra time would improve my grades. Well, the midterms came and went, and so did my hopes for doing well in college. I was lost about what more I could do to improve my grades.
I never had any reasons to have goals in high school -- other than going to college, which was just kind of expected. After a bad first semester at college, I realized I need to improve my performance -- and the way I did it was for the first time in my life establishing some goals, both for individual courses, but also for the entire semester of work.
I realized, at some point, that my attitude way playing a pivotal role in my performance on tests. Because I did not do well on tests in my first semester, I later realized that my attitude going into tests was kind of negative -- like self-defeatist. I would walk into tests thinking 'sure hope I don't screw up another one.' I really thinking changing my attitude about tests played a big role in improving my grades, of course, but even just improving my studying techniques.
When there is a big project due for

########
Rank: 19
Score: 44.462826
Retrieved Text: ok to leave out Dean's List?
Is it okay not to include Dean's List on the post-sec experiences? It says on my transcript that I was on the Dean's List and plus one of my post-sec exp is an honor society which means that my average was high.
If your GPA is high enough, they'll know you were on the Dean's List. Use the space for something that makes you stand out from the crowd.
I didn't put down deans list because I put down 4 honors societies, and I figured they got the idea.
I personally think that the dean's list is pretty useless. No one will notice at all of you leave it off. No one will notice if you put in on there either. I was on it every semester of college, but did not include it. My GPA speaks for itself.
Now if my MCAT only spoke for itself, I would feel good about my chances next year.
I recieved a National Deans Award a few weeks ago. Is that different from the Deans List or is it just an award showing that you have made the deans list?
some schools don't even have dean's list -- like mine!
in the end, I just put dean's list and in the explanation noted that b/c of these grades I'm in these honor societies + listed them without having to create separate entries.
the national's dean's list is different ; most secondaries will allow u to mention that since most seem to ask for honors/awards "or anything you;d like the adcom to know"

########
Rank: 20
Score: 44.214294
Retrieved Text: I aspire to be a dentist one day. It is my dream. It doesn't help that I just got rejected from my top school, but I think it's just going to make me stronger. When I entered my freshman year in high school, I wish people had told me some things like how I need a near perfect GPA to get into a top college or that it's good to be in some leadership positions and whatnot.
I cannot accept failure again, so what are some things I should keep in mind now that I'm going to be in college this coming August? I'm majoring in Biochemistry. I hear for stuff like pre-dental and pre-med it's good to do something you love though and be different. Well I am a pretty sick guitarist, would it be good to minor in music too haha? Just if any of you have any tips for a fresh college student or anything you wish you knew upon entering college, I'd love to hear them!
As long as your at a 4-year college and not a community college, you are fine.
What I would recommend -- and I think you already have it down-- is to make sure to get good grades. Believe it or not, when I was a freshman, all I thought that you needed to do to get into dental school was to TAKE the prerequisite classes. I was unaware that getting a C was a bad thing lol. So my freshman year didn't look to hot but after that year,

########
Rank: 21
Score: 43.91802
Retrieved Text: It Is Neither As well Early Nor Way too Late to discover How to Find and Calculate Your GPA in College and high school?
It Is Neither Far too Early Nor As well Late to master How to Find and Calculate Your GPA in College and high school?
Control your long term and master how to find your GPA in college. A multitude of conclusions might be developed according to that GPA. Calculate it currently to find out in the event you is likely to make the slash.
Your potential companies will glance at your GPA to find out should they needs to supply you with the profession. Get started calculating early and examine all by yourself to find out if your latest functionality will protected that foreseeable future you have all the time dreamt of. I’ll immediate you relating to how to find your GPA in college. So, let us get rolling.
Help! I would like aid on how to calculate my college GPA!
You done it to your aspiration college, and you simply now aspire to get started assessing your development to ascertain if your GPA can get you that coveted placement at your aspiration occupation. It is really viable to calculate your GPA to estimate your functionality additionally, the sectors that you just have got to do the job on to further improve that normal. The great point would be that the system seriously isn’t involved therefore you can perform it by oneself inside a quick time. It happens to be better yet due to the fact we’ve

########
Rank: 22
Score: 43.890423
Retrieved Text: Currently a Nurse, I enjoy working with students of all ages, hoping to bring joy to the acquisition of knowledge. I have held tutoring positions at all of my recent schools: Brockton Hospital School of Nursing and Bristol Community College, I help students acquire knowledge necessary for continued growth. During the tutoring process I am quick to identify differences in learning styles and can make subtle modifications in study habits that can immensely affect a students' grades long-term. Recently back in school, I am pursuing a Master's degree in nursing. I find the reality of homework and exams quite stimulating having achieved a 4.0 GPA every semester since returning to school.
I love seeing the twinkle in the eye of those who have just mastered a previously challenging topic.
After working in technology, real estate and the arts, my flexibility and extensive experience bring a diverse insight to her students and her teaching approach.
I have deep understanding of various math topics and can easily create analogies that make sense to each unique student. At George Washington University I was able to test out of basic math requirements, earning an A in calculus freshman year. I earned an A+ in statistics last year. My recent college-level entrance exam scores rank in the 99th percentile on general math topics including: algebra, geometry and trigonometry.
I have recently taken Anatomy and Physiology I & II and College Chemistry - achieving an A in all three. Since much of science utilizes math, my math knowledge is a useful accessory skill.
I am here to

########
Rank: 23
Score: 43.788036
Retrieved Text: LSAT is Done, Grades Are Almost Final...What Now?
Q about when to apply.
Does LSAC show you the GPA they calculate for you?
Significant difference in LSAT scores?
Start application before LSAT score?
tickling admissions officers into submission - does it work?
Should I put down an atheist club on my resume?
How reliable are LSN and admissions predictors?
Major GPA higher than cumulative GPA -- addendum?
Does the name of my undergrad help me with admission?
How do law schools handle "still in undergrad" apps?
Taking summer classes for New Letter of recommendation.
Does a flagged LSAT score hurt your application?
LSAT after seat deposit; what if I score lower?
Recommendation from an undergrad alumni?

########
Rank: 24
Score: 43.774574
Retrieved Text: Master Any Subject In No Time..
all their exams and studies and graduate with excellent grades.
intelligent and smarter, and ace their exams easily.
at my disposal back then!
help you to improve your GPA.
All The Subjects I Took For Cambridge ‘A’ Level Exams!
Every Other Student Who Used This System Got The SAME Results!
again I have to say… Thank you!!!
your Secrets Of Studying, I scored A’s in every single test!
physics and maths that I got A+, only by the instructions you gave me.
techniques came in good time. I hope you are well and keep in touch.
to learn like a genius.
being a natural A+’ student!
and planning are critical to the success of an A’ student.
and how you can model their thinking process.
difficult concepts – Transform your brain into a powerful engine!
to prioritize your time in the exam for each question.
and maintaining the momentum is vital to a student’s success.
your academic as well as your whole life!
nothing to do with underlining notes or rewriting text books.
strategy, you will find yourself answering questions like a pro.
Engine That Consistently Drives You To Win The Race?
most powerful engine has the highest chance to win the race.
win the race in the exams.
of scoring ‘A’s for their exams. That’s why they never score well.
system and never take any action to make it a reality.
ALL courses in university opened to you.
secrets would be right at your fingertips in the next 3 minutes!
Scoring Well In Exams For Yourself.
want. If this disinterests you, you may leave this webpage now.
yourself, you need not fear the result of a hundred battles.
focus on

########
Rank: 25
Score: 43.594524
Retrieved Text: Panic seized me! My heart tightened within my chest. Final exams were looming.
My first-year hopes for success in university had already been tempered by the mediocre grades I had received in midterms. I dreaded that these final exams would only serve to confirm that I would never succeed in university. Anxiety went from bad to worse as I assumed that my poor grades would mean that my future career was in jeopardy.
My anxiety eventually manifested itself in a frightening physical symptom. Intense chest pain! After a battery of tests, doctors assured me that there was nothing wrong with my physical heart. Yet I didn’t feel comforted. Instead, I was frustrated by the lack of diagnosis.
At the time, no one helped me understand the correlation between my anxiety and my chest pain. So I never seriously considered the root causes of my anxiety.
At the core of my beliefs I was holding onto an unspoken assumption. Without being conscious of it, I was interpreting my grades as the ultimate measure of my self-worth. My academic culture had groomed me to be an achiever, and without question I believed any sense of positive self-worth was dependent on academic success. I narrowed my identity to my interpretation of my grades.
If I got a good grade, I felt good about myself. “I’m good”. If I didn’t get a good grade, I berated myself with negative self talk. “I’m no good”. I was caught in a vicious cycle, striving to feel good about myself by achieving good grades, but falling short.
1. Grades

########
Rank: 26
Score: 43.337086
Retrieved Text: Every foreign teacher that I’ve talked to in China has experienced a conversation that goes something like this about a day or two before grades are submitted.
Teacher in Charge: Ok, please submit your grades by (date two or three days from now).
Foreign Teacher: Ok, great. No problem! I’ve already got most of my Excel spreadsheets ready to go.
Teacher in Charge: (out of the blue) By the way, I’m happy to tell you that the final exam should be 70% of the students’ grades, and the other 30% can be attendance, homework, class participation and the midterm.
This seems to be a China-wide rule. The exams are king and everything else is just peanuts! Oral class, writing class, literature class– it doesn’t matter. 70% seems to be the arbitrary amount that is allotted to all final exams. Often 30% is given to the midterm, meaning that homework and participation do not matter. Or, sometimes 20% is given to the midterm, and a measly 10% is given to “performance,” namely attendance, participation and homework. This does not jive with my teaching philosophy at all! Thankfully, my university this year is pretty organized, and knowing that many foreign teachers are not a fan of this grading scheme, they offered me the option to apply for an exemption from this 70/30 grading breakdown. I filled out a bunch of paperwork and was successfully allowed to allot 40% for the final exam, 20% for the midterm, and 40% for homework and class participation. In my eyes, that breakdown motivates students to a)

########
Rank: 27
Score: 43.216175
Retrieved Text: With only 3 weeks between notification of October LSAT scores and the December 1 LSAT date, I’ve been having conversations with a lot of law school applicants about whether they should retake the LSAT in December, wait until February, and/or take an additional year and apply to start law school in Fall 2014 instead of Fall 2013.
If you are still in school and would benefit from another year of improved (great!) grades on your transcript, and you would be well served by getting some better letters of recommendation, AND you aren’t likely to raise your score considerably before December 1, then taking a year off and applying to law school next year might make a lot of sense for you.
February is too late to take the LSAT for admission in the fall. Yes, law schools might tell you they accept February LSAT scores, but it’s so late in the cycle that they are really only taking people at the top of their LSAT range – February (March by the time you get your score) is no time to get into a reach school.
It really doesn’t matter what you do during your gap year – yes, it’s good to do something intellectually interesting, to broaden your horizons, gain exposure to something law-related, etc. But even if you are tending bar on the weekends and volunteering part time, it’s perfectly acceptable as far as law schools are concerned.
If you would get your best LSAT score by preparing at a time when you are not also enrolled in school,

########
Rank: 28
Score: 43.105408
Retrieved Text: I don’t know who all did these apps, but they are good!!!
I like how easy they are to download and they cover a lot of math material!
They work the problems out step by step and solve Physics problems fast.
I am not sure how you can make them better when they are the best I have come across.
I couldn’t find any like this and when I did, there not clear with step by step like these.
I will tell others about it.
Thank you all for helping students.
Need to solve the Diver problem in Physics? Have a TINspire CX ?
Now enter final velocity, the angle the diver makes with water and the height of the dive board.
We are going to find the magnitude of the initial velocity in a backwards way.
First , we find the x and y components of the final velocity using sin and cos.
Next we find vo_y using vf_y , g=9.81 and yo.
Voila, diver problem is solved.
The Gaussian mirror equation ( the mirror and lens equation – look at https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Curved_mirror ) can now be solved using the TiNspire’s CX Physics Made Easy App. As usual, it you will get step by step solutions.
The Physics Made Easy app was an essential piece on my way to a 5 on the AP Physics 1 exam.
It allowed me to feel more confident doing a variety of problems, especially projectile and rotational motion.
While the app’s features of forces (e.g. friction), electricity, simple harmonic motion, etc. were extremely helpful, the problems I encountered throughout my physics courses were relatively basic in

########
Rank: 29
Score: 43.050655
Retrieved Text: Aged 3, I had speech therapy because my words came out as gobbledegook. When I began to write, I would transcribe entire words backwards, and write my ticks back to front. I might’ve even convinced you that my name was ‘nismaT’. When I would speak, I would mix up what I thought I’d heard. I would call my elbow my ‘armbow’; the clothes horse the ‘clothes exhaust’ and hamburgers ‘handburgers’.
And yet, I did well in school. I studied constantly. As a hardworking perfectionist, I would hate poor marks and the dreaded red pen corrections. I would beat myself up about my errors, and I was embarrassed by them. So I did everything I could to make sure I didn’t make the same mistake twice. I’m also incredibly stubborn. When my French teacher demeaned me just before my GCSEs and told me I couldn’t get higher than a C, I ignored her and put myself in for the higher paper. I got a B. When my Maths teacher predicted me a D at the end of year 10, I spent my final year working flat out and attending extra maths classes. I got an A.
For my A Levels, I ran in the opposite direction to the subjects I found most difficult (Science, Maths and Languages!) and stuck to what I knew and loved: Art and English. I even chose a college with a fantastic art room and one that enabled me to do separate A Levels in English Language and English Literature. Of course, I studied tirelessly

================



======= Instance Index 1113 =========
Input Text: If you found yourself explaining what a rook was named a rook, it might be because a child is calling it a what?
Choose the most suitable option to answer the above question.
Options:
- juggling
- trees
- chess set
- flying
- castle

Target Text: castle

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 54.97124
Retrieved Text: At the heart of the server side of the AnalysisPageServer system is a mapping from handler functions to web services. You define the set of functions to represent by building an AnalysisPageRegistry, then deploy the application either in Rook (running in your local R server) or under Apache using the Rapache system.
Your handler functions are built into objects called AnalysisPages. Each AnalysisPage can be a service, which might return for example some arbitrary JSON string, or it can be a fully interactive page, for example making a plot and returning a data frame. This document explains the simpler service-type AnalysisPage. It also explains how to deploy your application with Rook. Interactive pages and servers are described on another page.
Rook version >= 1.1 and fork are required for the examples in this vignette. I am going to check if they are available.
Note: Even though, as we will demonstrate in a moment, this is just a service and not a full-blown web page we still call it an AnalysisPage. Since, from the server's point of view, there is not much difference between a webservice and a web page, in this documentation I usually just say "page" when saying "page or service" would be more accurate.
The include.services switch has to be turned on because the default is to return only the interactive pages, and hello is not interactive.
Once the registry object is built it can be deployed. In this documentation page we'll deploy all of our applications via Rook using the local R server. This is useful for development

########
Rank: 1
Score: 52.484406
Retrieved Text: see, now we've got a problem, cause there's already a user named Rook. this may get confusing.
Heya Rook! I hope you enjoy it here!
Finally found the welcome thread! Now to post the.. thing your supposed to post on here!
I'm Rook (Or Dan), 17, from the Midlands of England.
I found Housepets through Twokinds, loved the comic ever scince. Joined the forums later on (should've done it sooner!), and i'm currently writing a fanfic.
I have been a furry for some time, can't realy remember when it started..
My hobbies are: Drawing (when my brain let's me..), Playing Videogames, BMXing, Slouching on the sofa (my favorite passtime..). I'm quite inteligent, although I don't show it much, i'm a perfectionist but i mostly overthink things (like spelling), and enjoy every second I spend on an electronic machine.
Other things about me are: My taste in music is.. Different (mostly Rock & Alt.). I'm deadly acurate in copying drawing styles (watch out, Rick!), and enjoy walking at night (It's nice! and oddly soothing..).
When I'm not slouching on the sofa, I'm either on the computer or Xbox.
Seeya Around! And, in advance, thanks for the welcomes!
/Wall of text end. Sorry!
... You call that a wall of text?
Our local wall-of-text master will leave you quaking in your seat.
Welcome, Rook! I like your avatar!
Heh, I'm sorry I ever knew of Twokinds, except that it was indirectly through Twokinds that I found this comic, so...good came out of bad.
Hey, that's neat! You remind me of myself a little at your age.
And don't worry about walls of text, either--I

########
Rank: 2
Score: 48.880856
Retrieved Text: If you are looking for a more diverse form of body piercing, a rook piercing may be exactly what you need. Located along the inner ridge of the ear cartilage, alongside the tragus, has become a pretty popular place – especially for multiple piercings. This downward area of cartilage that moves toward the center of the ear, parallel to the outer rim of the ear canal, accents the perfect anatomy of your ear, in terms of places to sport some studs or hoops. While many people opt for this type of piercing because they have a extremely defined ridges of cartilage, making it much easier to pierce, others tend to shy away from the rook because it does require the piercer to work through a decent amount of flesh.
If you have smaller rook ridges, this does not necessarily mean that you don’t have enough cartilage to pierce, however you may find it a bit more painful and difficult. The actual procedure for rook piercings are pretty simple, compared to other forms of piercing. In fact, when properly done, it should not take longer than a few minutes from start to finish.
Since it is a cartilage piercing, you may find that caring for your new look may be a bit different than a simple ear or lip piercing. Follow the instructions given by your piercer very carefully and precisely. This will reduce or eliminate the risk of infection and reduce the swelling associated with rook piercings. For women, you will notice that any type of perfume, hairspray

########
Rank: 3
Score: 47.40973
Retrieved Text: The Philidor position (or Philidor's position) usually refers to an important chess endgame which illustrates a drawing technique when the defender has a king and rook versus a king, rook, and a pawn. It is also known as the third rank defense, because of the importance of the rook on the third rank cutting off the opposing king. It was analyzed by François-André Danican Philidor in 1777. (Also see rook and pawn versus rook endgame.) Many rook and pawn versus rook endgames reach either the Philidor position or the Lucena position. If played accurately the defending side tries to reach the Philidor position; the other side tries to reach the winning Lucena position. Jesús de la Villa said "[The Philidor position] is perhaps the most important position in endgame theory" (de la Villa 2008:125).
Philidor analyzed many positions, some of which have his name associated with them (see the subsequent sections).
White defends the Philidor position, and draws.
The opposing pawn has not yet reached the defender's third rank (its sixth rank).
Black would like to get his king to the e3-square and threaten checkmate to force the white king away from the queening square of the pawn, e1. The white rook on the third rank prevents that. If Black checks with the rook from the side, White simply keeps the king in front of the pawn by alternating between squares e1 and e2. If Black offers an exchange of rooks White should take it, since the resulting king and pawn endgame is drawn (see King and pawn versus king

########
Rank: 4
Score: 46.699562
Retrieved Text: “Who is the Rook,” would be more correct. Never-the-less it was a good question.
The Rook and The Raven was my first attempt at writing a paranormal romance.
Vampires, ghosts, shape-shifters, zombies, etc, etc. while quite interesting are overdone and are becoming boring to my taste. I wanted a fresh idea. A new character. But who?
If you are a regular reader of my blog, (and I hope you are) you will know that inspiration for my stories and characters often come from my dreams. One particular dream sticks with me for a several reasons that I won’t go into. But it was from this dream The Rook was born.
Not a question, but a statement of fact.
I took a big gulp of air that tasted like grass and herbs and squirmed in my chair.
Bronze eye-shadowed lids closed, and she eased back into the chair’s fluffy cushions. A deep sigh shook her heavy bosom like jelly, and the bone-and-alligator tooth necklace resting on them rattled. She spoke a hypnotizing Jamaican melody. The room closed in around me, and I struggled for a deep breath.
Do you have the nerve to experience an unknown character? If so, download The Rook and The Raven by R.H. Burkett available February 8th, from the Wild Rose Press.
The Wild Rose Press named Best Publisher of the Year for the 4th year in a row by polling on Preditors & Editors.
This entry was posted in ghosts, paranormal, R.H.Burkett, Ruth Burkett Weeks, shape-shifters, The Rook and The Raven, The Wild Rose Press, zombies. Bookmark the permalink.
8 Responses to

########
Rank: 5
Score: 46.618282
Retrieved Text: Imagine four of the most intelligent people you have ever known. Now imagine these four coming together to form a Voltron-like Mech, but instead of like laser swords, it wields the power of music and drama and, uh, friendship?! That’s Rook!
Do you like musicals? No? Great, then Rook is the musical improv troupe for you!
You DO like musicals? Oh fantastic, because Rook is the musical improv troupe for you too!
Rook is trekking all the way up from Austin, Texas, to perform at the Dallas Comedy Festival (DCF) at the end of the month, and I could not have been more excited to shoot them some amateur-level journalistic questions to pick their minds about!
DCF: What is Rook’s dramatic origin story?
Rook: Rook was started when Megan and Sarah Marie were strolling down the street in summer 2016. (After they produced and starred in a musical together!) They talked about the types of projects they enjoyed and the kind of art they wanted to make in the future. They were both looking for something new, different, and --of course -- musical. Walter and Megan had worked together previously, and he was a dream-come-true musician. Cat had collaborated with Megan and Sarah Marie and was exactly what the group needed for balance and skill. With our powers combined, Rook was born.
DCF: I saw last year’s show at DCF and was blown away at the subtlety of it all. Compared to other improvised musicals, at least in my own experience, Rook has a certain somber and more dramatic tone. There’s a

########
Rank: 6
Score: 46.12787
Retrieved Text: Rook is an open source cloud-native storage orchestrator for Kubernetes, providing the platform, framework, and support for a diverse set of storage solutions to natively integrate with cloud-native environments.
Non-trivial contribution file in repository: https://github.com/rook/rook/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md.
Non-trivial license location file in repository: https://github.com/rook/rook/blob/master/LICENSE.
Documentation in English can be found at https://rook.io/docs/rook/master/. All bug reports and comments about code found in the Rook repository (https://github.com/rook/rook) are in English. 100% of maintainers are fluent in English.
Every change submitted to master must go through a Pull Request review process. Every single change (no matter how small) made to the source control repository undergoes review, not just final releases.
Every release is given a unique semantic version, see examples on https://github.com/rook/rook/releases.
Tagging commits for each release with the semantic version of the release is part of the official release process. Tags can be found at https://github.com/rook/rook/tags.
Human readable release notes are included in every release on https://github.com/rook/rook/releases. Major themes of the release, noteable features, breaking changes and deprecations are all captured in these notes, see the latest example from the v0.8 release at https://github.com/rook/rook/releases/tag/v0.8.0.
There are no publicly known vulnerabilities at this time.
Any user can submit bug reports and feature requests from https://github.com/rook/rook/issues, which has a link to https://github.com/rook/rook/issues/new/choose.
It would be very rare for an opened bug report on https://github.com/rook/rook/issues to not receive any response at all.
It would be very rare for an opened feature request on https://github.com/rook/rook/issues to not receive any response at all.
No vulnerability reports have been received in the last 6 months.
Non-trivial build file in repository: https://github.com/rook/rook/blob/master/Makefile.
The build only uses FLOSS tools as described in

########
Rank: 7
Score: 45.932247
Retrieved Text: Rook endings are amongst the most frequently encountered endgames there are. And it is precisely the area in which the effort put into training is particularly quickly repaid in the form of half and full points, because the knowledge of even a few rules of thumb and methods makes life a great deal easier and provides a guiding light even in complex positions. The second DVD in Karsten Müller’s series on the endgame was concerned with theoretical rook endings and was structured according to the distribution of material, but this DVD focuses on the themes which are to be found in rook endings. This course also starts with the endgame of rook against pawn because this particular constellation frequently occurs and can be understood and easily learned with the knowledge of a few techniques such as the bodycheck, intermediate check and the cutting off of the king. When looking at equally common complex rook endings, emphasis is placed on basic techniques (e.g. the umbrella) and rules of thumb (such as “rooks belong behind passed pawns”). But Karsten Müller also wants to help you with the training of your intuition. After all, the real art of the royal game can best be seen in the recognition of exceptions to the rules. Video running time: 3 h 41 min.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 45.780052
Retrieved Text: Rook endings are amongst the most frequently encountered endgames there are. It is precisely the area in which the effort put into training is particularly quickly repaid in the form of half and full points, because the knowledge of even a few rules of thumb and methods makes life a great deal easier and provides a guiding light even in complex positions.
The second PC-DVD in Karsten Müller's series on the endgame was concerned with theoretical rook endings and was structured according to the distribution of material, but this PC-DVD focuses on the themes which are to be found in rook endings. This course also starts with the endgame of rook against pawn because this particular constellation frequently occurs and can be understood and easily learned with the knowledge of a few techniques such as the bodycheck, intermediate check and the cutting off of the king.
When looking at equally common complex rook endings, emphasis is placed on basic techniques (e.g. the umbrella) and rules of thumb (such as "rooks belong behind passed pawns").
Karsten Müller also wants to help you with the training of your intuition. After all, the real art of the royal game can best be seen in the recognition of exceptions to the rules.
Published 2011. Video running time: 3 hours 41 minutes.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 45.691525
Retrieved Text: It often happens that a piece may protect two or more objectives at the same time. When this happens we refer to that piece as being overloaded. Usually, when your opponent has an overloaded piece you can use it in your favor by performing powerful attacks on his position (more exactly on the overloaded piece).
Here is a common mistake found throughout many beginners game. White moved Rc3-c6 ?? and the position below resulted. This was a very bad move because the rook from c1 has been overloaded (it now protects both the rook from c6 and the checkmate on the back rank Re8-e1). That is why Black wins the rook 1...Rf6:c6 and of course, with that, he wins the game!
Look at the example below. The black queen from c3 is protecting both the possible checkmate Q:e7 and the black rook from c6. With Rc1! White performs both an attack on the black queen and an x-ray attack on the black rook from c6. Black will have to give up his rook in order to protect the g7 square.
Look at the example below. You can see that the white queen protects the white rook from a4 and the knight from e4. Black tries to take advantage of this by attacking the queen 1... Ra8-c8 but White can easily defend with 2. Ne4-c3. With this White stopped the rook's range of action and got the knight from the exposed square e4. This proves that attacking an overloaded piece (and generally using any other tactical procedure) won't always bring

########
Rank: 10
Score: 45.17252
Retrieved Text: By the way, Crafty found a neat and faster win – 74. … Rc8!
Only rook moves – Rd2, Rd5, Rd6, Rd7, Rd8 lead to a draw. It is actually a second method of defense in Philidor position when white rook can’t get to the third line. It was found by M. Karshtedt, that you still can draw by checking from behind. White king should stay on the short side, to allow, if necessary, checks from the long side.
In my game White lost after 70. Kf2 Rc2+ 71. Ke1 Kg3 72. Rd3+ f3 73. Rd8 f2+.
very interesting, but can’t you play f1Q+ after 14.Kd1 and win with queen against rook?
Anonymous – I saw it, but I realized that it could be a longer story.
The last thing you should want to try and do is blitz out a queen vs. rook endgame. I can’t even remember it, would be difficult enough in a standard game.
Nice theory, BTW. 🙂 I like how the pawn keeps the defending king one more file away.
Like Aziridine says, always nice to play on the board what you have studied/learned. Congrats.
linuxguy – just in case I refreshed my Q vs. R memories :), I studied it and forgot that Philidor position. I was fascinated with Nalimov analysis of that last position in the post, how innocuously looking moves lose right away.
Aziridine – yeah, I got Lucena second time in 8,000 blitz games 🙂 and once OTB. But seriously – as more you learn as more your chances are to get it in a game.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 44.920845
Retrieved Text: Republic’s fireballing senior already holds all but one of Republic high school’s softball pitching records. With seven more wins she will hold them all.
Every win, every strikeout and every blistering fastball brings Rachel Rook that much closer to a career for the ages.
Republic’s fireballing senior already holds all but one of Republic high school’s softball pitching records. With seven more wins, she will hold them all. If she can duplicate the success of her junior year, she will go into the books as one of the all-time best pitchers in the history of high school softball in Missouri.
While her nickname is "Rookie," the proven pitcher is anything but green.
Rook’s 323 strikeouts and 25 wins last season were good enough for the eighth highest single-season strikeout total and the 10th-highest single season win total of all time, according to Missouri State High School Activities Association records.
If Republic (2-0) continues to succeed on the diamond, Rook will crack Missouri’s top 10 list for career wins and strikeouts by the time playoffs begin.
Milestones will continue to come as the season goes on, but Rook and the Tigers have their eyes on stacking up wins and reaching the playoffs. Republic was 26-2 entering the 2015 postseason but suffered a stunning 3-1 loss to Joplin in extra innings in the Class 4 District 12 championship game.
Rook improved her career record to 65-19 when Republic beat Reeds Spring Wednesday 12-0. She logged seven strikeouts, bringing her career total to 763. Rook allowed one hit, two walks, and hit one batter. The base

########
Rank: 12
Score: 44.357746
Retrieved Text: MasterSavely: This could end up as a puzzle one day.
MasterSavely: Well, it was quite difficult but after like 5 mins of thinking i noticed the rook sacrifice.... and queen check+pawn take... then the winning the rook and kicking him in black's base.
MasterSavely: <Deepblade> Actually most of the games Greco "played" he made, to teach his students.
MasterSavely: <skylark> thank you your explaining it well.
MasterSavely: that is a beautiful mate.
MasterSavely: i saw the first few moves, then i got messed up a little, still, a very good easter puzzle.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 44.348625
Retrieved Text: Castling is a special move in the game of chess involving the king and either rook. Castling consists of moving the king two squares towards a rook, then moving the rook onto the square over which the king crossed. See the diagrams to the right.
Castling is a relatively recent European innovation in chess, dating from the 14 or 15th century. Thus, the Asian versions of chess do not have such a move.
The king may have been in check previously, as long as it isn�t in check at the time of castling.
The rook involved in castling may be under attack.
The notation for castling is O-O on the kingside and O-O-O on the queenside, in both the descriptive and the algebraic systems. Kingside castling is generally slightly safer than queenside castling, because the castled king lands closer to the edge of the board and protects the rook pawn. It is common for both players to castle kingside, and quite rare for both players to castle queenside. If one player castles kingside and the other queenside, it is called opposite castling. Castling on opposite sides usually results in a fierce fight as the pawns on both sides are free to advance to attack the opposing king�s castled position without exposing the player�s own castled king. An example is the Dragon Variation of the Sicilian Defence.
Castling is an important goal in the early part of a game, because it serves two valuable purposes: it moves the king into a safer position away from the center of the board, and it

########
Rank: 14
Score: 44.07151
Retrieved Text: Despite the increasing popularity of rook form of piercing, a lot of people don’t know much about the piercing technique and its aftercare method. There are several things that piercer wishes to know before deciding to equip themselves with this stylish fashion statement. To save yourself from ending up in a disaster, it is important to perform extensive research before getting it done.
Do good research about rook form of piercing and how it is going to heal quickly before committing to getting one. In this article, we will be providing you the much-needed information about rook form of piercing, its procedure, and aftercare procedure.
What is rook form of piercing?
A rook piercing lies close to the inner edge of the cartilage in the middle that is parallel to the exterior rim. The rook is located above the tragus with some daith placed in between. Rook piercings rely on the ear’s anatomy.
Some people have thin cartilage ridge that makes it quite tough to pierce, whereas larger ridges make it easier to get pierced. They need more cutting in the flesh as compared to the narrow ridges.
Rook piercings are seen as a cure for headaches and migraines. These piercings are seen as a prevention method between severe headaches and migraine attacks. There are very few patients who would enter the clinic in painful condition.
Rook form of piercing is often seen as a substitute medicine. Though modern science does not have any permanent cure for migraine, rook form of piercing is an effective treatment for it. An acupuncturist will perform

########
Rank: 15
Score: 43.654465
Retrieved Text: In Southern California, we are lucky enough to get a decent amount of beach days a year. A full day at the beach may mean an hour driving to the beach in the morning and an hour driving home at night, mixed with a full day of activities in between. Along with some fun beach activity including beach volleyball, surfing, frizbee, football, soccer, and the like. We love to end the afternoon with some breezy rook playing.
Surprisingly, playing rook at the beach (while a bit sandy and windy) can be extremely fun. If you are using the regular plastic coated rook cards, you may find the cards don’t last as well near the water, but some nice fully plastic cards will take care of that.
Keeping score can also be a bit difficult as papers may be flying all across the beach if you aren’t careful. There are some simple phone apps out there that can keep score just fine though.
There are two things I never seem to get enough of, that is a day in the sun at the beach, or days where we get to play rook. Mixing the two…priceless.
Kentucky appears to be the first state that has shown some growing support for rook tournaments. Looks like they housed their first rook tournament in January this year. Hope Kentucky is not the only place that sees the playing of rook continue to grow so strong!
The Holiday season has always been a great time to get together with family for fun and fellowship. With our family,

########
Rank: 16
Score: 43.56008
Retrieved Text: We can focus on how the Rook moves now that the Bishop has been dealt with. The Rook is the second most powerful piece on the board and you start with two of them.
You don't tend to see the Rook feature much in the opening exchanges except for the special castling move. That maneuver is primarily to get the King away from danger but it also helps move a Rook towards a central position on the back rank.
We'll just take a look at where the Rook starts the game and then move on to his movements. It is worth appreciating the main attacking attributes that a Rook brings to the table.
As you can see the Rooks start the game in the corner squares. They remain largely inactive for the early part of the game. The only action involving Rooks in the first 10 to 12 moves is usually the castling of the King.
The minor pieces move out and the Queen is stationed safely on the second or third rank. During the opening the castling generally takes place. At this stage you often see just the King and his two Rooks, now connected as a battery, on the home rank.
It is generally advisable to keep the Rooks at home until later in the game. Here the now doubled Rooks will watch over the King and give each other mutual protection.
The Rook's move compliments that of the Bishop in many ways. The Bishop moves on the diagonals in all directions with unlimited range excepting roadblocks. The Rook has

########
Rank: 17
Score: 43.386234
Retrieved Text: The following are the solutions to the puzzles in the “Chess Battle Manual”. In chess there is a special language called ‘chess notation’ that allows us to describe what moves are being made on the chess board (see ‘N:’ in the ‘Chess A-Z’ section of the Battle Manual). To follow the solutions here you will need to be able to understand chess notation. Don’t worry it is easy once you get the hang of it!
White cannot castle kingside because the king would have to travel through the f1 square which is attacked by the black bishop – and the king cannot move through check whilst castling. So that rules out 1 and 3. There is no reason why white cannot castle queenside so that rules out 4.
3…g6 is a bad move which allows 4.Qxe5+ Qe7 5.Qxh8 and white wins the rook in the corner.
3…Nh6 defends the checkmate but after 4.d4 black is in trouble. The bishop on c5 and the knight on h6 are attacked – if the knight is captured then checkmate may follow on f7. This is a common trick and worth remembering.
This move traps the king along the back row (rank). Now white just has to bring up their own king and the king and rook combination deliver a checkmate.
Pin – pinning the rook to the king.
This was a hard one and could also be considered a ‘discovered attack’ which is another form of tactic. Here the pan moves forward leading to a ‘discovered attack’ from the white bishop on h1 to the

########
Rank: 18
Score: 43.248753
Retrieved Text: One of D-Town Recording's executive officers had an indirect role in the career of Adam Evans. After Evans submitted his demo CD to D-Town, the executive played the song to a well-known producer named D.J. Rook. Rook stole the sample for his own use. While presiding over Ice Pack's new single release, he was attacked by Adam Evans, who was now a Bang Baby. Too afraid to implicate Rook, the executive alleged that Ice Pack was the one who stole Evans' music.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 43.242455
Retrieved Text: B. The rook at its king's knight's fourth square.
43 W. The king's pawn one move, and gives check.
third square. B. The king takes the bishop.
Beginning with the black; wherein it appears that playing the king's knight, the second move, is wrong; because it gives the attack to the adver­sary. By three different back-games it is also shown that a good attack keeps the defender always embarrassed.
1 B. The king's pawn two steps. W. The same.
square. W. The queen's pawn one move.
* Whatever else your adversary might have played, this was always your best move, it being very advantageous to change your king's bishop's pawn for his royal pawn ; because your king and queen's pawn place themselves in the middle of the chess board, and become in a situation to stop all the progress of your adversary's pieces; besides this, you gain the attack by his having played his king's knight at the second move. You have still an­other advantage by losing your king's bishop's pawn for his king's pawn; that is, when you do castle with your king's rook, the same rook finds itself immediately free and fit for action. This will be demonstrated by the first back-game.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 43.194965
Retrieved Text: Based on the TV series of the same name this is an original thriller written by Jerome Preisler, who has also authored a number of CSI novels.
I’m a big fan of the TV series (and now think of LL Cool J as Sam first rather than a rapper and Chris O’Donnell as G rather than Robin) so was familiar with the setting and characters. The timing of the story is pitched in line with the more recent series, so if you’ve been watching then you will be picking up the relationships between the main characters at a familiar spot. If you’ve never watched before (why? why?) then there’s background enough to fill you in.
NCIS is the Naval Criminal Investigative Service and the story starts when a retired Admiral is shot in his own home by a several men who ransack the place and make off with his computer. The team connect this to the disappearance of another elderly man, a former intelligence officer. The connection between the two men is project Deep Dive, a top-secret U.S. Navy project dating back to World War Two.
With the novel the format means that the reader can follow the action and the machinations of the baddies (usually terrorists) as well as the heroics of the NCIS team. The story is, as you would expect, an action-packed race against time. I thought it was a good thriller, the format gave the writer a bit more opportunity to explore a more involved plot. It had all the thrills and spills you would

########
Rank: 21
Score: 43.151512
Retrieved Text: There is comedy too. A Lord of Session is sent to head a commission responsible for auditing the university. The commission is not welcome. He is seen to be behaving strangely, dancing naked in the grounds of St Leonard’s College. Then he is found apparently dead, still unclothed. Consternation follows; what’s to be done? Two enterprising students offer to take the body in a wheelbarrow and dump it in the neighbouring New College. Then the body disappears. Has Lord Sempill been translated into a rook? Pending judgement, the rook is confined in a cage. Lord Sempill’s ambitious deputy is certain the rook is indeed Lord Sempill. How will Cullan solve this mystery? McKay recounts the story gravely; that’s to say she understands why people should have believed this nonsense; and though it may be nonsense, she has sufficiently penetrated the temper of the time to make their conviction credible.
Some of the comedy is bitter. A man comes to Cullan to make his will, explaining as he does so that his will may be hard to prove and may be contested because “there is a possibility that later on today I may kill a man. And, if I do, I expect to hang for it”. This may seem absurd. It is absurd. Yet McKay has so thoroughly imagined her creations, has entered so fully into the mind and spirit of the time, that one no more questions this than Cullan himself does – though, sensibly, he tries to dissuade his client from taking this desperate step.
McKay is

########
Rank: 22
Score: 42.90988
Retrieved Text: Is there a 3rd party higher capacity battery that will fit the Rook/Colt???
What's up with Surface 604?
surface604 BOAR...upgrading from 36 volts to 48 volts...ANYONE done this?
Battery 36v volt for Boar. Broke it help!
Has anyone found a secret way to reprogram the Rook/Colt throttle speed controller for higher speed at ANY PAS mode???
Shred battery lost in UPS shipment. Any tips on how to handle a replacement?
Got my new black Surface 604 M/L Rook and found a nice surprise.
Surface 604 Rook - 2017 or 2018?
Do I need to lubricate my new Rook?
How do you like your Shred?
Anyone installed a chain guide or narrow-wide chainring for the Shred?
Any Colt owners, a quick question.
Surface 604 brakes... how are yours?

########
Rank: 23
Score: 42.800922
Retrieved Text: I’m almost finished with the big Brother Bones/Lazarus Gray crossover story and will probably be sending it on to Bones creator Ron Fortier for his approval later today. After that, I *really* need to start work on this Pulse Fiction story for Pro Se Press… and then I have this Sherlock Holmes novella I’m supposed to write, also for Pro Se.
But I’m also tempted to finally break down and do a Kindle Worlds story featuring one of the Valiant heroes. I’m leaning towards Shadowman, simply because I think my style is most compatible with that character. My favorite Valiant hero has always been X-O Manowar but Shadowman feels like he could have been one of my own creations so I might go that route. I do wonder if I should take the time to do it, though — maybe I should focus my creative energies on my own projects or ones that I’ve been commissioned to do. Still, it would be fun to do an “official” Valiant story at least once. We’ll see.
On the artistic front, Chris Batista informed me last night that he’s begun laying out the cover to the big Lazarus Gray/The Rook/Gravedigger book. Grant Miehm has also had his sketch approved for Tales of The Rook Volume Two and is hard at work on that one. And let’s not forget George Sellas, who is one interior piece away from finishing up The Rook Volume Three Special Edition! No matter what, the books always look great, thanks to guys like these.
I’ve had the briefest

########
Rank: 24
Score: 42.751522
Retrieved Text: Gather a group and enter Black Rook Hold to take the Raven's Eye from Dantalionax.
This thing is ancient. Just turning the pages risks them disintegrating in my hands.
Here, I have found it. An entry about the Raven's Eye.
It says here that the last person to have possession of the eye was Lord Ravencrest himself. You are going to have to go into Black Rook Hold and take it from him.
<Name>, were you successful? Do you have the Raven's Eye?
We have it. Finally, we will be able to crack SI:7's coded letter.
Valeera Sanguinar says: While you are in Black Rook Hold, there is an urgent matter I must attend to. I will meet you back at the Hall of Shadows.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 42.68775
Retrieved Text: 4/21/2015 – Can you win an endgame queen vs rook? Don't be so sure – even the best players on the planet can run into problems with it. Especially in rapid chess playoff games, with tens of thousands of dollars at stake. Computers, on the other hand, can handle engames with four, five and six pieces on the board with absolute perfection. And can be installed on your notebook computer.
Endgame databases are a special took used by chess playing programs to increase playing strength and analytical capabilities. They are fully analysed endgames for which the program has perfect knowledge – it knows the status of every single legal position that is possible with a given material configuration.
And this, in a nutshell, is how it works: first you define the material you want to analyse, e.g. king and queen vs king and rook. Then you generate every legal position that is possible with the given material. Then you mark all positions in which one side is mated with a zero. Then you mark all positions in which the attacking side can achieve a zero-position in one move with a one. Then you mark all positions in which every legal move of the defending side leads to a position marked one, and mark it two. Then you mark all positions in which the attacker can achieve a position marked two in one move with a three. Etc. And this et cetera can run into the millions and billions.
One of the first endgames that was exhaustively calculated was the

########
Rank: 26
Score: 42.534084
Retrieved Text: Rook was started by engineers at Northwestern University who noticed that all current drones on the market require you to be nearby to control them. They wouldn’t connect once you stepped out of range.
So we created Rook, the first consumer drone that connects to the Internet, allowing you to control the drone from your office, the gym, or anywhere else in the world… anytime!
Current drones have complicated roll, pitch, and yaw controls (what?!), lacking intuitive controls that would be useful for everyday consumers. Users can’t easily program them or set up indoor flight routines. We wanted a drone that was easy to setup and fly. And that’s how the idea for Rook was born.
The basic free package allows you to stream video from Rook. In the future, we will also release premium paid plans to give you access to tons of cool features like security analytics, multi-user access, and triggered routines running on the cloud.
Premium plans will allow Rook to be integrated with existing smart home systems, be used for scheduled flight routines to check on the house, or allow realtors and property management folks to show their listings to clients who live far away.
By backing this project, you’ll be the FIRST in the world to have your very own Rook, at a highly discounted price. In addition, a free Android/iOS app will let you control and view your Rook, anywhere you are.
Finally, refer five friends and your Rook is free! We’ll track your referrals through a special Indiegogo code once you back the campaign.
Our vision

########
Rank: 27
Score: 42.523098
Retrieved Text: Normally, I don't get to choose the books I review-- the editor does. But I asked to write about Yury Shulman and Rishi Sethi's introductory curriculum, Chess: Lessons from a Grandmaster (available on Yury Shulman's website) , because I think it's an exceptionally good book that is unlikely to get the recognition or sales it deserves. Why? For starters, it's self-published, and that always means a more limited distribution. It also means that the design and layout are not professional quality- each page has two long, narrow, justified but un-indented columns (clear enough, but the aesthetic equivalent of Eastern European apartment buildings), decorated with hundreds of small, black-and-white photos of kids you don't know playing chess. If I flipped through it at a bookstore, I would never buy it.
But that would be my very tragic loss. Shulman and Sethi have written an introductory curriculum that strikes me as the most effective I've ever seen, and I mean "effective" in the (perhaps unusual) sense of "effective at producing strong chessplayers." It has excellent basic lessons on piece movement, check, and checkmate, but many good books have this. Shulman's book stands out for including useful early lessons that many books skip over because they don't really have a name, like the ways to defend an attacked piece (capture, move, block, protect, counterattack), or homework puzzles that ask whether or not castling is legal, or whether a position is checkmate or just check.
The Rook is a long range piece and can attack from a distance.
The Rook can quickly move

########
Rank: 28
Score: 42.421436
Retrieved Text: In the fourth volume of the endgame series a lot of themes with more material are included like rook and minor piece vs rook (and minor piece), rook vs two minor pieces, double rook endings, queen and knight vs queen and bishop, the bishop pair and endgame principles.
Typical topics are: the so called Fischer endgame rook and bishop vs rook and knight, which occurs quite frequently in practical play and is very often favourable for rook and bishop; with opposite coloured bishops the presence of one rook each greatly increases the winning chances of the attacker compared to the pure opposite coloured bishop endgame (see DVD 1); when are queen and knight stronger than queen and bishop; which drawing methods exist in the pawnless endgame rook and bishop vs rook, which is quite often won over the board.
Those who have always found studying endgames with chess textbooks too dry and tedious will enjoy this DVD with its comfortable training system and benefi t enormously – in brilliant endgames at the actual board.
Save 25% on the Endgame series combined.
Since 1988 grandmaster Dr. Karsten Mueller from Hamburg plays for the Hamburger Schachklub in the Bundesliga and in 1996 and 1997 he fi nished third in the German Championship.
As an internationally renowned endgame expert he is the author of the endgame column in the ChessBase magazine and the author of the Endgame Corner column on ChessCafe.com.
His book „Fundamental Chess Endings“, which he co-authored with Frank Lamprecht and which was published in 2001 by Gambit is already considered to be

########
Rank: 29
Score: 42.35087
Retrieved Text: The chess king is the most important piece in the chess game. The ultimate goal in chess is to checkmate him. When you make a move that threatens the king of your opponent with capture, he is called to be in check.
Check is, when one or more pieces could THEORETICALLY capture the king. It is not allowed to capture him, of course. Without king the game cannot be played. For that reason it doesn't make sense to assign a value to him in relation to the other chess pieces.
The king can become a strong attacker in the endgame where he has slightly more power than a bishop or a knight.
In a chess game if your king is in check, you must make a move to eliminate the check. You can't move something else.
1.Move him to a square where he is not attacked.
2.Capture the attacking piece with the king or another piece.
3.Place a piece between him and the attacking piece.
If the attacking piece is a knight you can't put anything in between.
You can't move your king beside another king because each king is controlling the 8 squares around him.
A king can't give check to another king.
A king can also capture a queen if the queen is not protected.
In chess double checks are very dangerous. When there is a double check (two pieces attacking the king) you must move him to get out of the check. In this case there is no other possibilty.
Keep in mind that the king can move ONE square only.
In a chess game make

================



======= Instance Index 0 =========
Input Text: "There are 10 apples on an apple tree.  Three fall off.  Now there are X apples."  What is this an example of?
Choose the most suitable option to answer the above question.
Options:
- park
- coloring book
- garden center
- math problem
- gravity

Target Text: math problem

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 54.928093
Retrieved Text: What are some of your favorite Fall activities? Each Fall we love to head to a local apple tree farm and pick apples! The kids love it and the apples are delicious! We also love apple crafts around our house. This handprint apple tree craft is fun for all ages of children. You probably have everything you need already at home! Each apple tree will be unique since everyone will be using their own handprint for the top of the tree! This craft is even fun to frame and hang around the house or in your child’s room for Fall decor.
Gather your supplies and head to a table. Start off by painting your child’s hand with your green paint. Carefully place their painted hand on a white piece of construction paper. Wash hands afterwards!
You can make your tree as full of apples as you want! Once all the apples are cut out, grab the glue stick and start gluing. My kids enjoyed sticking the apples on their own trees.
After all our apples were glued, I went back and drew a stem and a leaf on each apple.
There is your Handprint Apple Tree! These can be framed and hung up around the house or in your child’s room for some fun Fall decor or they can even be placed in a scrapbook filled with your child’s other crafts.
Have you made a Fall craft yet? If you are looking for a fun craft to do with your child soon, give this handprint apple tree craft a try! It

########
Rank: 1
Score: 54.223827
Retrieved Text: We now have 1300 apples trees growing in our orchard, with another 2000 being planted this winter (2016).
The M9 rootstock of the majority of our trees allows for full production within 5 years. We're half way there!
Formerly fields for dairy cattle to roam through, there are about three acres of field that we are planting our cider apple trees on. Using the M9 dwarf tree rootstock, our trees will be growing in rows, much like a winery. This allows for early producing apples, higher yield, and easier picking in the fall.
Cider apples don't need a lot of extra special care other than love and attention. Fertilizers are kept to a minimum as nitrogen deficient apples are better for craft cider. Since our apples are destined for the crusher, apple scab is not a concern.
The trees that we have growing are a variety of sizes, but the majority of our trees are M9 dwarf style trees. They grow faster, and are easier to pick the apples off the trees. We can stand on stable ground instead of a rickety ladder, and if some canker occurs, then it is far easier to replace a dwarf tree than a great big old tree.
Tod Creek Craft Cider's apples are grown following Good Earth practices; we minimize or eliminate our use of chemicals and fertilizers where possible. Our integrated pest management program follows organic and holistic practices, as a few bugs here and there are ok. Live and let live.
We purposely do not aim to achieve ‘organic’ status as it can

########
Rank: 2
Score: 54.219254
Retrieved Text: With Fall fast approaching, now is the perfect time to start planning our favorite fall activity: apple picking! Going in with a plan helps to assure fun for all! Here are five tips to help make the most of your apple picking adventure.
There are more apple orchards near you than you may think so you may not need to drive to another state to enjoy this autumnal treat. Check out the Orange Pippin site to find orchards near you, the best time to visit and the kinds of apples available.
While it may be tempting to sleep in, apples are best picked early in the morning. Picking them when the air is cooler, compared to the afternoon, will help them stay fresh longer. Beat the heat and crowds by being the first one in line at the farm!
We know apple orchards are gorgeous and that picture of your cute wooden basket will get tons of likes on Facebook, but hear us out! Studies show the more time you spend taking pictures of events, the less you will enjoy them. So leave the phone in your car and revel in the beautiful day outside.
Did you know apples ripen from the outside of the tree and then work inwards? If you want the most deliciously ripe, ready-to-eat apples, pick your apples from the outside of the tree. Also, remember that once you pick them, they stop ripening. Make sure the apple you pick is exactly the one you want before you pluck it off the tree.
5. Turn your apples

########
Rank: 3
Score: 54.00624
Retrieved Text: Several years ago I found what I assumed to be an apple tree growing in the ditch on the church property. So my grandson, Ben and I dug it up and transplanted it to my yard at home. Finally last year it grew one single blossom, and I waited hopefully to see what kind of apples that tree was going to produce. I watched that blossom fall off and a little swelling started in the stem. Every once in a while I would go by that tree and check on that budding apple. Through the summer it grew to about an inch and a quarter in diameter and that’s all. Finally in the fall as the leaves were falling off the tree I realized that the only apples I was going to get off that tree would be crab apples.
Right now it is difficult to tell what kind of fruit there may be on the trees because all there is on them now is blossoms. Those blossoms look nice after a long, cold, grey winter, but they don’t last long. Some of the blossoms are falling off the trees already. It won’t be until the fruit fully develops that you can really tell whether it is going to be good fruit or just ornamental crabs.
So it is with many people who are sitting in churches today including many in good Bible preaching, Bible practicing churches.
They know the right words and proudly put on a “fair shew in the flesh”. This is not a new problem because

########
Rank: 4
Score: 53.264095
Retrieved Text: Maple Walnut Apple Crisp – Each bite is filled with sweet, soft-cooked apples, and crunchy oat and walnut topping, all with subtle maple undertones.
It’s apple season, and the tree we have out back is loaded with apples. In all the years we’ve lived here, this is most apples it’s ever produced. Usually it’s a sorry-looking tree, on the smallish side, with just a few apples. And ultimately stray football or soccer balls knock them off and onto the ground.
But this year. . .this year. . . it’s a sight to see. Full of apples, the branches reach toward the ground, swaying in the wind like they’re going to sweep the ground below them. We lost a few apples to deer and bugs, but most of them are ready to be picked and eaten or put into another dish.
There’s something about eating fresh apples from the tree. The flavor is more pronounced, the crunch is crunchier, and there’s no waxy coating on the skin like you often find in store-bought apples.
Nutritionally, apples have a lot going for them too. They contain a good amount of fiber, both soluble and insoluble. And that’s good for heart health, blood sugar control, and bowel health. They’re relatively low in calories and contain vitamin C as well. In addition, apples have a tendency to help you feel full after eating one – a bonus if you’re trying to lose weight.
My family always looks forward to apple season. It means homemade applesauce, warm apple butter with homemade bread, fresh-cut apple slices for

########
Rank: 5
Score: 53.22158
Retrieved Text: Overview: There is nothing like picking your own apples from your own apple trees. Planting apple trees is quite easy and will provide beauty when they blossom in the spring, give you a great apple crop in the fall and provide great shade trees.
Growing apple trees is not difficult but selecting which type of apple tree you want to plant can be a challenge because there are thousands of apple varieties available, each with its own individual characteristics. Select a variety that’s right for you, taking into account your flavor of apples, size of the tree, and the climatic zone you live in. The most popular varieties are; Gala, Golden Delicious, Granny Smith apple trees, and Macintosh. Keep in mind that an apple tree will not bear fruit without another variety of apple to cross-pollinate it. Always plant at least two different varieties of apples together.
Pick the location where you want to plant your apple trees carefully. Apple trees need at least six to eight hours of sunlight a day for the best fruit production. They will grow in a wide range of soil types, but you should avoid poorly drained sites. For this reason, and others regarding frost, it is wise to select raised sites. I recommend planting dwarf apple trees because they do not occupy much space and are easier to maintain.
Plant apple trees in early to mid spring. Dig a hole to the same depth and width as the root ball. Place the tree in the planting hole; position the tree so that

########
Rank: 6
Score: 53.096645
Retrieved Text: Apples are a favorite fruit of many people around the world. Because of locations, origins or grafting, many variations of apple trees have developed over time. Apple trees can be found in both private orchards and in the wild. If you know what to look for, you can easily identify an apple tree, and the type of apple growing upon it. There are a few specific guidelines that will help in finding out if the tree in question is an apple tree, and if so, what kind you have found.
Pick the best location where apple trees might be found. A good location would be in an area where there is full sun, good drainage and lots of room. Apple trees prefer open sunny locations higher up rather than shaded or crowded valleys.
Look at the leaves and blossoms. Apple trees have coarse, oval leaves and they don't change color in the autumn. During growing season, the 1-inch-wide blossoms will have five petals colored pink and white.
Identify an apple tree by the fruit. The apple will identify the type of apple tree, but take along a catalog of apples for picture reference. Apples can also be seen at different times of the season, depending on the variety. Large, smooth apples with a pink color on one side and green on the other are pink ladies. Smooth glossy green apples are granny smith. Fuji apples are a dry pink and green stripe.
Determine the apple tree by region. Arkansas black apples only grow in Arkansas; while Baldwin apples are seen

########
Rank: 7
Score: 52.781487
Retrieved Text: I love apples and I love autumn, so it follows that I love spending a day apple picking.
For three years now we have been loyal patrons of Windy Hill Apple Farm, home to Charlie's Apples. It is an organic farm with a selection of specially chosen disease resistant trees located north of Johnstown, Ohio.
The farm name was fitting as today's weather included high wind warnings. We picked Liberty apples, some of the best apples for cooking. They were a little picked over so filling our 1/2 bushel bag took about an hour.
*Charlie himself. He is an intelligent former-engineer. He is soft spoken but wise about apple growing and happy to share his knowledge.
*The organic farming methods means I do not worry about pesticide/herbicide exposure when Lil bites into an apple fresh off the tree.
*The lack of chemicals means the farm is teaming with wildlife. We saw three birds' nests, a wide variety of insects, and evidence of deer.
*The apple products available on farm include hard cider, cider syrup, and cider vinegar. All are hand made by Charlie and his family, delicious, and include no icky ingredients. There are no candy sticks or fall decorations to inspire the 'I wants' from my daughter, only wholesome local apple goodies.
I tried some of this year's hard cider (made from last year's apples) and it is the best yet. Blended from two apple varieties, the naturally fermented hard cider is richly flavored and a true heirloom product. The Johnny Appleseed stories don't mention it often, but Johnny was really planting

########
Rank: 8
Score: 52.62078
Retrieved Text: Our best baking apple — just tart enough. The spurs on our Starkspur® trees allow fruit to form on each limb — bearing from the trunk out! Regular trees only bear fruit on outside limbs. This variety’s precocious nature earned it the nickname ‘mortgage maker’ from growers. Produces shiny red apples just 2-3 years after planting. They taste great right off the tree, but you’ll want to save plenty for the most delicious pies, crisps and cobblers you’ve ever tasted. Also makes beautiful sautéed apple slices because they hold their shape when cooked. Originates from Selah, Washington in 1970. Cold-hardy. Ripens in mid October. Self-pollinating.
Price is right, looks good and dwarf variety.
pollinator for the honney crisp and I love the flavor and it is so good for pies.
As a pollinator for a new Honeycrisp Apple Tree. I like the late harvest and that it is a baking apple.
It's my husband's favorite Apple and we can no longer find them in stores. We've been looking for 2 years.
We wanted a Self-pollinating apple tree for the front yard; we ordered the Dwarf. We have a lot of success with all of our fruit trees in the backyard... we have 14 total. Our chickens love to eat the drops and help us with insect control.
Wanted a good apple for eating and baking.
What ever you want an apple for this works; eating , cooking, juicing, with very good flavor not overly sweet.
It is a dwarf self pollinator.
It sounded like a good variety to cross pollinate with the Honeycrisp Apple variety

########
Rank: 9
Score: 52.569897
Retrieved Text: Fall :) - Jill Ruth & Co.
We went up to my in-laws on Sunday to help them celebrate a birthday and an anniversary and for everyone to help with the fall yard clean up. There was a big crew working, but I just chose a couple of pictures to share here.
But, it sure made for a nice photo op.
Then my husband was heading out to the farm to do chores so our 21 year old and I tagged along.
She doesn't get out to the farm too often so she felt the need to instagram the pigs. Can I use instagram as a verb?
My husband has been bringing apples home from the farm and we've had apple crisp, apple pie, apple sauce but mostly "apples still waiting". If you have a favorite apple recipe, please share!
The "farm girl for an hour" had to pick a couple and eat one fresh off the tree.
It was a really nice fall day!
It's so wonderful to be outdoors on a sunny autumn day. Love those apples - we have a box sitting in the garage and like you, I'm thinking of new ways to use the apples.
I love the fall days....what fun! The colors, the smell of the air(minus pigs)!!
What a beautiful day to share with your family. Being outdoors on a fall day is the best!
Sounds like a lovely time, Jill. Love the photos you chose to share. Your kids are cuties! And that apple tree pic is great!
Your pictures and adventures are really lovely Jill!
I am especially drawn to

########
Rank: 10
Score: 52.36315
Retrieved Text: Info "He'd be happier with some fruit."
Harvest Time is one of Ashley's microgames in WarioWare: D.I.Y.
The point of the game is to drop the three apples into the harvester's basket. The game starts off with the harvester moving slowly eastward. On top of the tree are three apples, two yellow and one red, each placed in random locations. The player must have good timing for this microgame. It is recommended that the player drops the apple right before the harvester is aligned with it. The player must tap the apple to drop it. If the harvester collects all three apples, the game is won. However, if one of the apples fall and splatters on the ground, the game is lost.
This page was last edited on July 18, 2018, at 10:53.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 51.898815
Retrieved Text: My mom has some apple trees on her property. Each autumn the apples fall to the ground and my mom (or me, if I can be wrangled into it) rakes them up so we can mow under the trees.
I was thinking, though, wouldn't these apples be better for birds if they are laying on the ground all delicious and eat-able? I've seen Robins eating my mom's fallen apples, but would other birds eat them as well? Would leaving them on the ground mean that I won't asked to mow?!
Birdist: My mom has three apple trees on her property. Traditionally, my family has raked up the fallen apples in autumn and put them in a pile in an out-of-the-way part of the property. I want to start thinking about other strategies in order to maximize benefit to birds. However, I also have to take into consideration more domestic considerations, like mowing. As far as I can tell, here are my options: a) continue to rake and pile fallen apples, b) let apples fall and leave them there all winter, don't mow under the trees, and c) something in between. What do you think of these options? Which will be best for birds?
Nancy Coverstone: I’m assuming the fruits are not persistent (staying on the tree, and above the snow line, into the winter.) Persistent fruit, whether apples or other kinds, are particularly beneficial for resident bird species, because the fruits are not buried under the snow and are available during winter, and are made palatable by the freezing

########
Rank: 12
Score: 51.865623
Retrieved Text: Fall is here, so it's a great time to take advantage of the fruit of the season apples! This is the perfect opportunity to create some healthy apple snacks for kids. Whether you take a family outing to the orchard to pick apples right off the tree or choose the easier route of heading to your local grocery store, this time of year, you will find an abundance of apples to choose from.
Apples make for a great, healthy snack for kids. Not only do they keep the doctor away, but at only 95 calories, they also count as one serving of fruit as part of the daily recommended intake. Apples are also a good source of fiber and vitamin C. While eating an apple alone makes a great snack, there are many fun apple snack recipes that are great for even picky eaters.
This is an easy snack to make and will appeal to the peanut butter lover.
Slice your apple into thin wedges.
Spread 1/2 tablespoon of peanut butter over a cracker.
Place one apple wedge on top of the peanut butter.
Voil , you're done. The combination tastes great, and the best part is that your children are not only getting their fruit intake, but they are also eating protein and whole grains in one snack.
This is a fun and healthier take on the popular caramel apple.
A jar of caramel sauce.
Peel and slice the apples into small cubes.
Lay cubes down on a baking sheet.
Chop whole peanuts in three-second intervals in a food processor or blender.
Warm caramel sauce in microwave

########
Rank: 13
Score: 50.932655
Retrieved Text: From planting to pruning to controlling pests to harvesting, you can learn how to grow apples in most areas of North America.
This may become a common sight once you learn how to grow apples.
Method for removing a large branch in sections from an apple tree.
There are over a thousand apple varieties, which gives you plenty to choose from. A few well-tested varieties, such as Gravenstein, Golden Delicious, Grimes, Rome Beauty, and Yellow Transparent, should be the basic stock of your orchard, but try some of the lesser-known ones as well. Apple trees tend to bring surprises, and a well-cared-for minor variety may give you the most wonderful fruit.
Apples will grow almost anywhere in the United States except in the hottest regions. They need the cool-to-cold winters during dormancy. Your local nursery will no doubt give you an indication of not only the feasibility of growing apples, but the best varieties for that area as well.
Apple trees, except for the dwarfs, which bear small crops in their second or third year, usually won't give you any apples until their fifth to sixth year. But by the tenth year they're at peak production, yielding five to ten bushels per tree per year. And they will keep bearing for thirty years or more. So order two varieties at the very least. Not just because thirty or forty bushels of one kind might become a bit boring, but because some are eating apples and some for cooking. Also cross-fertilization will increase your crop. Stock usually comes in one-, two-, or

########
Rank: 14
Score: 50.814
Retrieved Text: A special type of dwarf tree, the columnar apple tree resembles a pole of apples. These trees can be planted in containers or in garden beds and are ideal for areas too small to support full-sized trees. While columnar apple trees need less pruning than full-size or other dwarf apple trees, they do need regular thinning when the fruits sets as well as light shaping and pruning for plant health. Prune columnar apple trees in the late fall or in the early spring, when frost danger passes. Thin the tree when the fruit develops over the spring and summer months.
Clip off dead twigs, which feel brittle. Trim back unhealthy or dead growth to a healthy part of the branch. Discard all unhealthy wood in a garbage bin.
Trim back your columnar apple tree to your desired height. The trees can reach 10 feet tall, according to Apples Fruit. If you let your tree mature to its full height, you will need to stake the tree as the fruit ripens. Apples also taste better when the tree is not producing many apples.
Thin the fruit once it sets to prevent branches from breaking under the weight. Clip off fruit from crowded areas or if the branch looks too weak to support the weight of a mature apple. Thin out fruit where too many apples are growing, leaving one apple per cluster. Clip the fruit off with anvil pruners to thin it.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 50.746483
Retrieved Text: Oak Glen’s Apple Picking Season officially kicks off over Labor Day weekend and runs now through Thanksgiving weekend. The apple crop is good this year and the majority of farms officially start welcoming visitors in September.
Oak Glen’s apple orchards produce a variety of apple selections including the Vasquez and King David varieties, which are grown only in Oak Glen, as well as antique varieties no longer commercially available such as Ben Davis, Gravenstein and Pink Pearl.
Before 1940, Oak Glen mainly grew apples for export purposes. Then several farmers got together and began to sell apples, apple pies, apple cider and apple butter at roadside stands to locals passing by. Today growers earn the majority of their profit from visitors who pick apples directly off their trees in the orchards.
My family and I have visited Oak Glen on more than one occasion. One of our favorite spots in town is Riley’s Farm. Nestled in the apple growing foothills of historic Oak Glen, Riley’s Farm is a working apple orchard and living history farm featuring pick-your-own fruit, living history education, dinner theater, group banquet facilities and extended and historically-themed overnight stays.
They also offer year round educational field trips for schools and homeschool groups.
Did you know that there are three additional apple farms in Oak Glen that are owned and operated by different members of the Riley family?
Riley’s at Los Rios Rancho features apple-wood smoked BBQ dishes and a bakery with homemade pies, hand-held pies, turnovers and cookies. Picnic grounds, a petting zoo, nature trails are also on the

########
Rank: 16
Score: 50.616127
Retrieved Text: Orchards used to grow where there are subdivisions today. The odd tree survives, mute witness to a once productive landscape, abandoned now among blackberries, ivy and natural growth. We see them along our walks and collect apples from time to time. Our little trees don't yet produce enough.
With a few scavenged apples (pale green, crisp and moderately sweet) I made a Norwegian Apple Cake. The recipe comes from Mia's blog "Mias Landliv. It's a delightful place to visit, full of the beauty of Mia's garden, her charming home and her sewing and knitting projects. If you aren't a regular visitor, I'd encourage you to pop over there.
Mia served her cake with ice cream, but I had some caramel sauce left over from the pumpkin cheesecake we enjoyed over the weekend. Delicious!
Apples go so well in so many recipes. What's your favourite way to use them?
We are fortunate to have two mature apple trees of two different varieties. One is a yellow apple, a summer apple? It is a soft, pale, sweet fruit, but suffers a lot of summer damage. I'll be posting about making apple sauce this week. It is a lot of work with not much in volume, but ever so good. The other tree may be a type of Delicious. Smaller, more sour, and slower to ripen, they will make a darker sauce. I just enjoy eating a good apple right from the tree, but your recipe looks pretty delicious.
I've just been given a big basket of apples!
I looked at Mia's recipe. Do you

########
Rank: 17
Score: 50.148415
Retrieved Text: I have a honey crisp tree that bears no apples, it has blossoms in the spring but only 1-3 form fruit and most turn bad, I got one apple this year. I have sprayed with Neem in the past to no affect and this year I tried Malathion about 1/month I have attached a picture. There is a Winesap nearby with good leaves and fruit and sprayed the same.
I'm not sure I read your message correctly. You said your tree blossoms but only one in three blossoms produces fruit? Correct me if this is wrong.
Apple trees "self-thin". They will drop (or not produce) apples on blossoms if they have too heavy a load. A single cluster may produce 6 or more apples. Sometimes the tree will drop all or some of these apples. We recommend thinning each cluster to a single apple for larger and better quality apples.
As for why the apples are of poor quality, my guess is you have apple maggots, the most common apple pest. Neem is not appropriate for apple maggot. Insecticides for apple maggot must be applied every week to 10 days, or after rainfall, from July 1 to harvest.
Thank you for your reply. The tree has no more than 20 blossoms in spring, of which 1-3 grow into small fruit and I have only 1 that grew (this year, which was 7 after I bought/planted the tree). I have tried to attach the picture again and you can see the one apple. It tasted fine, just quite small.
For apple maggot

########
Rank: 18
Score: 50.11095
Retrieved Text: We’re just starting off with another great apple harvest at BC Farm Fresh. Apples are fabulous to eat right off the tree and are great in all sorts of baking and cooking recipes. Apple pies, apple sauce, apple cider – you name it, they’re all very tasty and enjoyable. They’re such a versatile fruit. We’ve sure been enjoying them here at BC Farm Fresh. There’s been a lot of taste tasting and comparing to see which one is our personal favorite. For many of us it’s all about the flavour and crunch.
Time for some apple fun facts to showcase this popular and amazing fruit. This is the first part of a three part series on apples.
1. Apples are a member of the rose family.
2. The fear of apples is known as Malusdomesticaphobia. (Try and say that five times fast!) This phobia gets its name from the scientific name of apples, which is Malus domestica.
3. The apple tree originated in an area between the Caspian and the Black Sea.
5. The Roman Goddess Pomona is the goddess of apples.
Some more fun facts on apples – this time from history!
2. Apples were the favorite fruit of ancient Greeks and Romans. In fact, in ancient Greece, tossing an apple to a girl was a traditional proposal of marriage; catching it was acceptance.
4. Newton Pippin apples were the first apples exported from America in 1768, some were sent to Benjamin Franklin in London.
5. The game of apple-bobbing began as a Celtic New Year tradition for trying to determine one’s future spouse.
From

########
Rank: 19
Score: 50.110462
Retrieved Text: Fall is wrapped up for me in a nice little package and tied with a pretty Autumn bow every time I head out to an apple orchard in the middle of nowhere. It provides one of life’s simple pleasures. The quietness of the country setting, the stroll through a canopy of trees, and plucking red, ripe fruit from each yielding branch makes me warm and fuzzy all over.
In the stillness of that setting, I can hear a faint song whispering in the wind – “Don’t Sit Under the Apple Tree with Anyone Else But Me.” Where is this sound coming from? Then it hit me. The apples are singing. I know that sounds silly, but let me clarify.
Apples used to get all the attention this time of year – it was apple fritters, caramel apples, bobbing for apples, apple pie, apple cider etc. and pumpkin was somewhere in the background. Then within the last several years, a new drama unfolded and pumpkin began to take center stage. Now don’t get me wrong, I LOVE pumpkin and have no judgments against them but they’ve kinda pushed apples off to the side. And because of it, I do have somewhat of a soft spot in my heart for them. So I’m here to give ‘em some love.
Now, you may be thinking that this is just comparing “apples to oranges” but in reality, it’s comparing “apples to pumpkins.” They both have their merits and each should be applauded for the creative expanse of recipes they have given us over

########
Rank: 20
Score: 50.101425
Retrieved Text: In kindergarten, my teacher had us sample slices of Granny Smith, Golden Delicious and Red Delicious apples and note their different qualities. Was the apple sweet, red, crunchy? I have since expanded my apple palate, but it is hard to know what you are missing when you have never tasted a variety of types. Apples are apples, right? Wrong. I used to be satisfied with Red Delicious apples. Today, Red Delicious apples taste like old sponges with tough, inedible skin.
We are incredibly lucky to have a place like Fireside Orchard so close to St. Olaf, supplying us with a variety of fresh, tasty fruit. I think apples taste better when I have to work for them, so I go apple picking every fall. There is something special about pulling fruit right from a tree and eating it in the same place where it was grown. Apple picking is a great way to kick off the fall with friends. And make sure to get some cider and homemade doughnuts while visiting the orchard!
Apples are one of my favorite fruits to cook and bake with because they’re so versatile and varied with many different flavors. Still, finicky ovens and lackluster dorm kitchens make it difficult to do any intense baking. So while I would love to say that I’m always whipping out apple pies, this is sadly not the truth.
Making your own applesauce, on the other hand, is a breeze and tastes far better than anything purchased in the store. Even if you have never touched a stove,

########
Rank: 21
Score: 50.01385
Retrieved Text: More on Kobi’s fun trip, with color photos, later this week!
It is one of our favorite things about fall…we try to go every year, but this is the first time we took Kobi.
I hope you find your pictures, I’d love to see the game you played!
We’ve taken Honey to pick cherries but she ate so many fruits (and pits) that we were afraid she’d get sick. I don’t even want to think of how many apples she’d eat if she were in Kobi’s position.
I really thought that might be an issue with Kobi, because there were so many apples on the ground, and he usually likes them. But he wasn’t interested! That did make it easier for us anyway.
LOVE the pictures. Good job Kobi!
Thanks! Kobi really enjoyed the outing, so I’m very glad we took him.
Wish we could send you some, but they probably wouldn’t be fresh and crisp by the time they got there!
It was fun. It was kind of a cloudy dreary day but we still enjoyed being out there.
What fun. Does Kobi like apples?
Normally he does, but this time he wasn’t interested. He was interested in the bag of cider donuts I bought though!
What fun Kobi! I hope you get a bite… that is if you like apples anyways.
He usually likes apples, but for some reason wasn’t interested this time.
What fun! I sure hope you got to pick some of the good apples!
We had to go deep into the orchard to find the good ones. There were a lot of not so good

########
Rank: 22
Score: 49.95641
Retrieved Text: 45 million tons of apples were grown worldwide in 2002, with a value of about 10 billion USD. China produced almost half of this total. Argentina is the second leading producer, with more than 15% of the world production. The United States is the third leading producer, accounting for 7.5% of world production. Turkey is also a leading producer. France, Italy, South Africa and Chile are among the leading apple exporters.
In the United States, more than 60% of all the apples sold commercially are grown in Washington state. Imported apples from New Zealand and other more temperate areas are competing with US production and increasing each year.
Apples can be canned, juiced, and optionally fermented to produce apple juice, cider, vinegar, and pectin. Distilled apple cider produces the spirits applejack and Calvados. Apple wine can also be made. They make a popular lunchbox fruit as well.
Apples are eaten with honey at the Jewish New Year of Rosh Hashanah to symbolise a sweet new year.
The apple is a tree and its pomaceous fruit, of the species Malus domestica in the rose family Rosaceae. It is one of the most widely cultivated tree fruits. It is a small deciduous tree reaching 5-12 m tall, with a broad, often densely twiggy crown. The leaves are alternately arranged, simple oval with an acute tip and serrated margin, slightly downy below, 5-12 cm long and 3-6 cm broad on a 2-5 cm petiole. The flowers are produced in spring with the leaves, white, usually tinged pink at first, 2.5-3.5 cm diameter, with

########
Rank: 23
Score: 49.825417
Retrieved Text: Just look at all those apples!! 2014 looks like it's going to be an absolutely bumper year for my not-so-little apple tree.
In case you were wondering why the apples on one branch look different to the apples on the branch next to them...this is a family apple tree, with three varieties grafted onto a tree. Pretty nifty, right?
My not-so-little apple tree has Katy, James Grieve, and Cox, all dessert apples. I'm going to need to spend some time with an apple identification book (I assume there is such a thing?) to figure out which is which!
My inlaws popped over yesterday and admired all our apples. They counted over 80 apples on the lower branches alone, with a huge cluster of apples on the upright branches! I think now would be a good time to start pinning apple recipes on Pinterest, and everyone should probably brace for appletastic Christmas presents!!
Wow! I would love a (not-so) little apple tree. I live in MA and we're supposed to be famous for it or something.
I'd love to pick apples from my own tree.
Wowee that is a bumper crop - lots to be noshed straight off the tree and still some leftover for apple tart sounds like the perfect harvest!
Appletastic! Can we put in recipe requests please?
I'm going chutney and strudel, merci beaucoup!
Oh god, I did strudel a few years ago for a baking challenge. It was a success but the hassle of spending half an hour pulling the pastry wafer thin on a floured sheet was just too much for

########
Rank: 24
Score: 49.757282
Retrieved Text: Like most New Englanders, I have very fond memories of apple picking with family and friends. I even remember my first time to an apple orchard! I was in kindergarten, and our class had spent the previous week making bags to put our apples in and learning about how apples grow. Since then, apple picking has always had a special place in my heart.
When I realized that PhillyBoy and I had never been apple picking together, I knew we had to remedy that right away. It helped that Heather and I were due for a visit, and there was an apple orchard exactly one hour from each of us. So last Saturday Heather, Mark, PB and I headed to the farm! Terhune Orchards is located right outside of Princeton, NJ and offers apple picking Monday-Sunday from 9 AM- 5 PM. Their Pick-Your-Own orchard is on Van Kirk Road, just a few miles away from their main area.
The orchard had several different varieties of apples, and PB and Mark helped us navigate them. I made PB try almost every kind of apple available before picking any apples, which unfortunately ensures he is appled out for the season. 7 apples in a day can do that to someone. Heather and I had the chance to catch up while collecting apples for ourselves. By now she is an old friend, and it was so nice to see her!
Around the corner at the main Terhune Farm, they offer various foods and activities for families including pumpkin painting and cider donuts,

########
Rank: 25
Score: 49.68
Retrieved Text: Eckert's has been making our famous caramel apples for years, and they are still available in our Country Store today! The reason that these caramel apples are so delicious starts with the fruit. Our Granny Smith variety of apples is the type of apples used to create this perfect dessert! Granny Smith apples are ideal for making caramel apples because they are a crisp apple and they stay firm for long periods of time. Another reason why we sue Granny Smith apples is because of their flavor! Granny Smith apples are very tart and that balances well with the rich, sweet caramel that the apple is dipped into. Having two rich full flavors balancing off one another like that creates an explosion of flavor in every bite!
To prepare our delicious caramel apples there are a few steps we must take. First, our caramel is heated in a giant double broiler, and slowly stirred to create a smooth and creamy texture. We are sure to monitor the temperature of the caramel carefully so the caramel is never over heated or burned. As we are warming the caramel up to the correct temperature we begin the process of removing the stems from the freshly picked, tree-ripened, Granny Smith apples. We remove the stems from the apples because that is where we place the wooden skewers, which is our next step in the process. (Putting the apples on a stick allows us to dip the apples easily, and for you to eat the apple easily!) After the caramel is

########
Rank: 26
Score: 49.41518
Retrieved Text: All summer long, we have had so much rain and thunderstorms. Penn Run, a small creek behind my home, once again overflowed, raising several feet for a time. When the waters had subsided, I was delighted to find delicious wild apples lining the banks–the river had carried them to me as a blessing for this wonderful Fall Equinox! It reminded me that I have been wanting to write of the apple–of her magic, of her folklore, and of her abundance=. And so today’s post explores the delicious, nutritious, and extremely magical apple tree (pyrus malus, malus spp.) and the blessings that she offers. This post continues my longer series on Sacred Trees in the Americas, where I explore the many aspects of trees native or naturalized to the Eastern and Midwest regions of the US. Previous entries have included Elder, Walnut, Eastern White Cedar, Eastern Hemlock, Sugar Maple, Hawthorn, Hickory, Sassafras, Beech, Ash, and White Pine.
Nearly everyone knows about apples, but often, the common experiences with apples are what people see in the grocery store–a select number of perfectly waxed and shiny varities–golden delicious, gala, or granny smith. These commercialized varities are only a tiny piece of the incredible apples that you can find in the wild. Another thing that I’ve heard regularly is that people believe that crab apples (and wild apples in general) are poisonous and cannot be eaten. There is nothing further from the truth–wild apples are wonderful, rich, sometimes tart, sometimes mealy, but often a surprise and delight to those who seek

########
Rank: 27
Score: 49.406788
Retrieved Text: Fall is the time to enjoy the abundance of apples. Apples are everywhere this time of year. Local markets have many varieties to offer, with local orchards selling these tasty fruits. Or perhaps you have an apple tree in your backyard or your neighbor has an apple tree, giving you fresh apples. Anyway you get them, apples are in season and taste so good this time of year. There are abundant ways to use apples; the best way is to eat them fresh or you can shred them in your pancake batter, add a little cinnamon and you have a wonderful apple pancake. Apples make great desserts too. Everyone loves apple pie – there's nothing like a slice of hot apple pie to take the chill out of the air and satisfy your taste buds.
My family has several apple trees, and we are usually very fortunate to have some extras to can and store fresh for winter. I like to can apples and use them for desserts and pies through the winter. Canning your own apples taste so much better than what you buy in the store and you know what is in them. Apples are very easy to can. I peel and slice them then cook them up on the stove with cinnamon, until fully cooked. Once they are fully cooked, I pack them in jars, using canning lids and rings from Ball or Kerr. I add the pints to the hot bath canner, and boil at a light boil for 25 minutes or quarts

########
Rank: 28
Score: 49.335342
Retrieved Text: Before the European colonists and missionaries stomped their black boots down on the New England rocks, there was not a single apple, not apple one along the North American coast, the entire continent or even the Western Hemisphere for that matter. Now, 300 years later, there are over 2,500 varieties growing from "sea to shining sea."
"As American as apple pie."
But actually, apples are not any more indigenous to America than we are.
Before the European colonists and missionaries stomped their black boots down on the New England rocks, there was not a single apple, not apple one along the North American coast, the entire continent or even the Western Hemisphere for that matter.
Now, 300 years later, there are over 2,500 varieties growing from "sea to shining sea."
Apples, perhaps the most ubiquitous fruit of all, come from an obscure and tiny mountainous country, Kazakhstan, halfway around the world. Kazakhstan is one of the "new" countries, south of Russia and north of Iran, geographically determined after the fracturing of the USSR.
So apples came here as immigrants, just like all our ancestors.
Apples migrated here in pockets, bags, packs and hands, in the bottom of barrels and in ship's holds. That's what makes them so peculiarly American. Just like us.
Many trees were meticulously and carefully planted, the seeds given to certain indigenous tribes with an agrarian interest such as the Iroquois by French missionaries. And those trees were carefully planted and groomed. Indeed, evolving into huge orchards.
Indigenous wildlife from whitetails to grouse and raccoons to turkey and bear all relish apples.
Apple

########
Rank: 29
Score: 49.10257
Retrieved Text: We weren't able to collect all of the apples off our little apple tree this fall. It was an oddity that's never happened to us before, since these are delicious apples, they're right outside our front door, and eleven munchy people live in this house! I'm still not quite sure how it happened--we certainly tried, bagging several sacks for the root cellar and everything. There were just so many up there this year!
Once the snow and cold came, we'd thought the remaining apples, clinging frozen on the tree, be a tragic loss.
chopping them up and laying their slices on the dehydrator trays.
And drying them on the trays hanging above the rocket stove.
This family has always had a thing for dried apples, but nothing compares to the sweetness and chewiness of dried apples that have been frozen first.
We brought some 'good' apples up from the cellar and dried a few, only to find they were pale and bland by comparison.
A tray of these thick, oozy, frozen slices only takes about 12 hours to dry. The trick is getting a few when they're done before they've all been snatched up!

================



======= Instance Index 5098 =========
Input Text: The baseball team was playing ball. It was time for the pitcher to act. How did the pitcher get the ball to the batter?
Choose the most suitable option to answer the above question.
Options:
- lose
- injury
- competition
- throwing
- rolled

Target Text: throwing

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 54.920033
Retrieved Text: The season of MLB baseball is a long one, thanks to each team playing 162 games, and it's filled to the brim with opportunity. The successful baseball bettor can make an excellent profit over the course of a season. Picking winners in MLB baseball is done by a simple win or lose wager. There are no point spreads in major league baseball. Baseball bettors can utilize the run line to minimize money line amounts. So how does one win successful over the course of a MLB season? Let's take a look at a couple key ideas.
You must know your pitchers to win in MLB baseball long-term. That's a concrete fact and there's no way around. In MLB Baseball, the pitcher is the dominant force. A solid pitcher can completely control the game and turn a decent team into a powerhouse for one game. Most sports bettors fail, because they name bet. This is when you bet on a team based on the name and reputation of the pitcher instead of looking at all the underlying stats related to the specific game.
Instead of betting on pitcher just because of his name, here's a short list of a couple pieces of information you want to gather and compare to the opposing pitcher.
1. What is his record against the other team (give extra weight to recent games)? 2. What is his team's record again the other team when he pitches? 3. How does he pitch at the location the game is at? 4. How many innings does he normally

########
Rank: 1
Score: 52.79825
Retrieved Text: Both boys had great fall baseball seasons! Maxwell is a solid player who continues to steadily improve. He had some really good plays this season and proved to be a great pitcher (not pitching but playing the pitcher position). He might not have wanted to play pitcher (he wanted to be at first!) but he proved he was someone the team could count on!
Spencer had so much fun playing coach pitch and never had to go to the tee even once! He got to play first quite a bit and had several legitimate outs!
We all had fun entertaining ourselves at the ballpark – icees all around! We even kept score with the help of GJ at one of the last games!
I sadly had to miss Maxwell’s last game and apparently he had the game of his life! Made a double play, caught a pop fly in the outfield, and just played great all the way around. He was pretty proud to get the game ball on that final game! Woohoo!
I missed Maxwell’s game because I was at Spencer’s next to last game! A slightly rainy and fun night!
It was a great season for this awesome Dodger and this fantastic Cub!
Always fun at the ole ballgame! Who’s ready for spring ball?!
As I mentioned, we had a triple header of games yesterday – and all of them went fantastic! My three sports stars all played great games! Robert went to Maxwell’s game and he had good hits, nice defensive plays, and a winning score of 20-10!
GJ and I

########
Rank: 2
Score: 52.19828
Retrieved Text: How Did Joel Hanrahan Win a Game For the Washington Nationals While Playing for the Pittsburgh Pirates?
« Did Tommy John Really Once Make Three Errors on the Same Play?
BASEBALL URBAN LEGEND: While he was on the Pittsburgh Pirates, pitcher Joel Hanrahan won a game on July 9, 2009…for the Washington Nationals!
Recently, the Boston Red Sox acquired closer Joel Hanrahan from the Pittsburgh Pirates. The Pirates acquired him from the Washington Nationals in 2009 (along with outfielder Lastings Milledge) for outfielder Nyjer Morgan and relief pitcher Sean Burnett.
At the time, Hanrahan had an 0-3 record on the season.
On July 9, 2009, Hanrahan collected his first win of the season.
The only problem was that the Pirates had the day off!
Read on to see how it happened!
You see, back on May 5, 2009, the Nationals were playing the Houston Astros in Washington D.C. The game went to extra innings, but ultimately, with the game tied after the top of the eleventh inning finished, the umpires decided to temporarily suspend the game and finish it at a later date. Hanrahan had been the Nationals pitcher in the top of the eleventh inning.
So before the Nationals played the Houston Astros in Houston on July 9, 2009, the two teams picked up where they left off (the game was in Houston, but they played the rest of the game as though it was in Washington – so the Nationals batted in the bottom of the inning). The Nationals came to bat in the bottom of the eleventh inning, and after a one-out

########
Rank: 3
Score: 52.14973
Retrieved Text: TIP! Instead of aiming for over the fence, hit towards it. You basically want the ball to go back to where it came from.
There is nothing quite like the sounds of a baseball game. Baseball can be a lot of fun to play and watch. Watching a game on a summer day can be very enticing. Read on for great baseball information.
TIP! As a baseball coach, you need to keep players interested and motivated so they can win. Having all sorts of team activities away from the game is a great chance for everyone to bond.
If you’d really like your batting average to increase, attempt to hit the ball towards where the fence is instead of over it. You want to hit the ball back towards where the pitcher. A lot of times when the ball is hit hard into the air, people can catch it.
TIP! To get into the right batting stance, send weight to the rear foot. Therefore, if you are left-handed, you should shift your weight to your left foot.
As a baseball coach, it is important to keep your team enthusiastic to play a winning game. Pizza parties and other group activities that help the team bond will go a long way. Also, keep in mind that baseball is just a game, and that the stakes are not that high.
TIP! Proper stride is key in baseball. If you’re right-handed, use your left leg to pick it up a bit when the pitch is released.
Slide your weight onto your back foot when you are

########
Rank: 4
Score: 51.83314
Retrieved Text: Softball is a similar game to baseball played with a larger ball on a smaller field. In this sport, two teams of nine players take turns to bat and field as they try to score the most runs round four bases laid out on a field of play. The team with more runs than the opponent at the end of the seventh inning wins the game. The sport was originated in Chicago, Illinois, United States on the Thanksgiving Day in 1887 as an indoor game. George Hancock presented the first rulebook in 1889. In 1895, the game was moved outside by Lewis Rober Sr. in a vacant lot outside of the Minneapolis as an exercise for firefighters. At that time it was known as “kitten ball,” then changed to “diamond ball”. The other names this sport was given are “mush ball” and “pumpkin ball”. The sport got its name “softball” in 1926 because the ball used in the game is a softball. The first world championships of the game took place in 1965 for women and one year later for men. Softball (for women only) was also a part of Olympics from 1996 to 2008 but removed later. It will be a part of 2020 Olympics along with baseball.
Two teams of nine players each compete against each other. The players are referred by their playing positions on the field. The defensive positions are pitcher, catcher, first baseman, second baseman, third baseman, shortstop, left fielder, center fielder and right fielder.
The Softball field is divided into the fair

########
Rank: 5
Score: 51.194023
Retrieved Text: In the screen, you can see two boys playing Baseball and you´re the batter. You have to hit the ball that the pitcher throws you, as far as you can. The score will be the distance that you hit with the bat and the final score will be the addition of these distances.
This game has been played 13539 times online. Ranking 1494 of the best free games.
What is this game about? This is a free game called Boys Playing Baseball for your browser without having to download or install anything, it is completely reliable. On this website you will be able to play for free this Baseball flash game called Boys Playing Baseball. And remember this is a free game called Boys Playing Baseball and it is related to Baseball. Our new game Boys Playing Baseball is one of the best games of Baseball you can find and you can share it with your friends and contacts on the social networks. This is an online game and video game called Boys Playing Baseball that we invite you to play, enjoy and learn about it as well as to share in the comments and with your friends on the social networks.
The pitcher will throw ten balls and you have to hit the ball that the pitcher throws with the baseball bat and the ball has to hit the target. You will get points if the ball falls in some part of the target. To hit the ball, you will use the mouse and you click when the

########
Rank: 6
Score: 50.895844
Retrieved Text: over a few tips for coaching baseball that will greatly improve how players that on the inside team perceive their relationship with coach as well as improving them as individuals. He spent time with the tennessee Titans following college and played for your CFL’s Montreal Alouettes in 2007 as he led the c’s is rushing yards and touchdowns. The very thing that comes to mind when we speak of football is the bouncy ball and wholesale nfl jersey China those with tinnitus playing career path.
It is the only sport that as a player you can decide preference no longer authentic jersey wholesale want to play. authentic Houston Texans jersey Baseball for 2011), Sumrall shortstop Connor Barron, Sumrall outfielder/pitcher Luke Lowery, Ridgeland pitcher Nick Johnson, Northwest Rankin pitcher Cody Livingston and Jones County Junior College pitcher Andrew Pierce. When buy authentic NFL jerseys within the NFL store, your choice proves you are a true fan, rather than a fair weather fan looking for sunny skies and 40 degree temperatures in Green Bay with the December playoff game. The Dominicans collect over $80 million annually playing Major League baseball, the Netherlands collect around $400,000. Analysis: Kafka can within the Eagles as being a 3rd string quarterback.
Just several days ago the baseball world was calling the upset of the netherlands nfl jersey for sale cheap over tobago one of the finest upsets in sports culture. Seven hours after her fight with Jovan, the nfl player shot her. Moreover, shoe lifts are very comfortable to use. He appears to having

########
Rank: 7
Score: 50.84299
Retrieved Text: Caveat: Although others have reportedly had success with this baseball gambling system, I have not personally tested it so if you decide to use it, please use caution. I do intend to test this system live in 2012.
This simple baseball gambling system, with only two rules, shows the importance and value of starting pitching. It demonstrates why you should be cautious when betting against good starting pitching, especially if the bookmakers deem their team as the underdog.
To use this baseball gambling system you must first collect the necessary information. Click on MLB Games to get a listing of the daily MLB baseball matchups, starting pitchers, and odds for the day.
Make a list of the starting pitchers that are playing for the “underdog” teams. Underdogs are teams with odds at +100 or higher.
Rule 1: The starting pitcher must be ranked in the top 20. You determine this by visiting Jeff Sagarin computer ratings. Click on the National or American League to get a ranking of every pitcher in the league. If Sagarin ranks the starting pitcher in the top 20, proceed to Rule 2.
Rule 2: If the underdog is playing on the road, determine if their road record is above 48%. If the underdog is playing at home, check and see if their record at home is above 48%. Click on ESPN MLB Standings to determine the home and road records.
If the answer to both rules above is yes, place a bet on the underdog.
How well did this gambling system do in 2010?
If you would have bet

########
Rank: 8
Score: 50.7698
Retrieved Text: My name is Brian Hensen. I am 23 years old, 6'4', 170 pounds and a left-handed pitcher playing minor league baseball in the âHigh Aâ Florida State League in Lakeland, Florida. I was drafted in the 28th round of the 2004 draft by the Detroit Tigers, after having pitched two years at Elon University, and prior to that, for two years at Hillsborough Community College in Tampa, Florida. The second day of that 2004 draft was probably the best day of my life, because you see, according to most experts, I was simply not qualified to pitch professionally. I can only throw a baseball about 84 mph top speed. I just plain donât throw a baseball hard enough to make it to the next level, whether that be college or whatever.
Then you may ask, how in the world did you ever get drafted? Do you have a killer knuckleball, or is your dad a former Major League player? No, it was neither of those things. Iâve never tried seriously to throw a knuckleball, and the zenith of my dadâs athletic career was the high school BOWLING team. Rather, my getting drafted was probably more about luck, and being in the right place at the right time, and maybe about God smiling down on me. But it was also a lot about determination, skill development, being a student of the game and listening to the best teachers I could find in the game of baseball.
I have played amateur ball with probably 500 or more players, some of

########
Rank: 9
Score: 50.69708
Retrieved Text: Baseball is back. Spring training has begun.
To get things started, pitcher David Price made his first big-money throws of spring training. He was Boston's prized offseason pick-up. Meanwhile, Diamondbacks ace pitcher Zack Greinke began Day 1 with his new club. He worked on the basics of covering first base.
Pitcher Johnny Cueto showed off some orange-tinted dreadlocks. They could be spotted beneath his off-kilter cap. The orange-tinted hair will fit in perfectly with his new San Francisco Giants colors. Meanwhile, his former team, the World Series champion Kansas City Royals, arrived in Arizona. They got started Feb. 18.
From Arizona to Florida, the sound of baseballs snapping into gloves has returned. Clubs held their first spring training workouts for pitchers and catchers. The workouts signaled the true start of baseball's new year. Fifteen major league teams hold spring training in Arizona. The other 15 go to Florida.
In Arizona's greater Phoenix area, a cooling cloud cover provided a break. The first day was an unseasonably warm 90 degrees.
Now, all those teams that went on offseason spending sprees to improve their pitching are counting on those new players to come through.
Greinke signed a $206.5 million, six-year contract with Arizona. He has already been picked as the Diamondbacks' opening day starting pitcher. Manager Chip Hale called it the easiest choice he has had to make. The D-backs train in Scottsdale.
Price brought his new $217 million, seven-year deal to Red Sox camp. It is in Fort Myers, Florida. Price is a left-handed pitcher. His arrival got similar fanfare.
Pitcher Jeff Samardzija began getting

########
Rank: 10
Score: 50.522102
Retrieved Text: That was the life span of the first baseball used in Friday’s game by Twins starter Brian Duensing. After a first-pitch ball, Kansas City’s Alex Gordon fouled the second pitch off to the netting behind home plate. Minnesota’s ball boy picked up the ball, taking it to its final resting place somewhere in the bowels of Target Field.
Such is the life of a baseball these days in the major leagues. It’s not a long one. In fact, an average of eight to 10 dozen baseballs are used each game, according to Twins assistant equipment manager Tim Burke. On any given night, teams will go through 100 baseballs or more, which equates to just a few pitches per ball. Earlier this month when the Twins and Milwaukee Brewers played a 15-inning game, Burke estimates the club went through between 15 to 18 dozen.
Once a baseball is removed from the game, it never returns.
It’s a far cry from “The Sandlot,” where the kids would avoid hitting a ball over the fence because, well, that was the only ball they had to play with. If it went over the fence, the game was over.
But in the major leagues, baseballs are discarded without any thought given to it. Several occurrences can take a baseball out of play. If a pitcher throws a breaking pitch that ends up in the dirt, the home plate umpire will usually check it and almost always throw it to the ball boy. Most times, a catcher will automatically assume that the ball in the dirt

########
Rank: 11
Score: 50.387695
Retrieved Text: Chris: Who’s the best pitcher of all time? It may sound like a trick question, but Who is actually a first baseman on Abbott and Costello’s favorite team, the St. Louis Wolves. Who never actually pitched, which disqualifies him from this conversation.
Joe: Roger Clemens is the best pitcher of all time because of his tenacity. In the vein of a Bob Gibson, just with a better record, including seven Cy Youngs, two world championships, AL MVP and All-Star MVP and on and on over a 23-year career. He was a pitcher's pitcher and nasty about it.
Ralphie: Roger Clemens is not the best pitcher of all time because he's not a good guy and sets a terrible example for young people.
Chris: Being a Texan I was predestined to root for Clemens, though that task became more difficult in his latter years in Boston, when he ate at Dunkin Donuts for three meals a day. Going to Toronto did not help, especially when he suddenly got better after befriending Jose Canseco. Pitching for the Yankees and Astros for a few full seasons and a few half seasons, while he was deliberating the definition of retirement and simultaneously providing inspiration and a model for Brett Favre to follow, did not make it easier to cheer for him. I’m not sure whether the final straw was saying Andy Pettitte misremembered or dating Rusty Hardin, but rather than viewing Clemens as a fellow Texan, I now like to pretend he’s a space alien.
Brad: He had scandals surrounding his career, it wasn’t

########
Rank: 12
Score: 50.272926
Retrieved Text: High School Honors: 1 Basketball letter, on PIL Co-Champion Team.
3 Baseball letters, 1st Team All-PIL pitcher as a Senior, led league in strike-outs at 115; co-MVP on team. Named outstanding pitcher in State All-Star Game.
Post High School Career: On Watco team coached by Jack Dunn that won the city American Legion Title in 1964. 4 Baseball letters at Linfield College. Winning pitcher of Linfield's final game of the 1966 National NAIA Championship; team has been inducted into the Linfield, Oregon Baseball, and Oregon Sports Halls of Fame. Bachelor's Degree from Linfield, PhD. from the University of Southern California in Clinical Social Work. Currently Adjunct Associate Professor at University of Victoria School of Child and Youth Care and an "Artisan of Mauna Kea Hotel" on the Big Island of Hawaii. Author of "Murder on the Mekong" mystery thriller series.
I understand and experience every new Spring what he writes in that poem and yet two seasons shine for me in my memory and my life was never the same after those golden seasons of 64 and 66. In 1964 I played on a Watco "dream team." We were American Legion city champs and Jack Dunn was the coach. Whenever I see Field of Dreams or read about Boys of Summer I think of that summer of '64 and that team and those team mates.
In 1966 I played on the Linfield College baseball team that won the first Oregon collegiate baseball National Championship. I pitched the Championship Game all nine innings. My coach, the great Roy Helser came out

########
Rank: 13
Score: 50.049335
Retrieved Text: Playing baseball in the backyard with my brothers. We're all taking turns as pitcher, catcher and batter.
The self appointed dalmatian outfielder, completely lacking in any sort of retrieval skills. Sure she can catch the ball, but her tiny brain doesn't understand the 'bring it back' concept.
It was getting dark, so we probably would have stopped playing anyways...even if the dog hadn't run off with the ball (getting it back is another game entirely).
\nCanon Powershot G2\n\nGood:\nPlaying baseball in the backyard with my brothers. We're all taking turns as pitcher, catcher and batter.\n\nBad:\nThe self appointed dalmatian outfielder, completely lacking in any sort of retrieval skills. Sure she can catch the ball, but her tiny brain doesn't understand the 'bring it back' concept. \n\nIt was getting dark, so we probably would have stopped playing anyways...even if the dog hadn't run off with the ball (getting it back is another game entirely).

########
Rank: 14
Score: 50.033005
Retrieved Text: Mike Pokorosky had one of the most geographically expanded baseball careers of any of the players in the Greater Akron Baseball Hall of Fame, starting on the sandlots of Firestone Park playing youth baseball and crossing the big pond as a member of the U.S. Army team in Germany that played the great game throughout Europe. Pokorosky advanced from Firestone Park Little League teams to play on advanced youth baseball teams under the highly respected Mike Kura from 1959 through 1965. He later starred at Garfield High School, helping the Rams capture 2 City Series championships as a pitcher and outfielder. He then went on to play fall ball at Ohio University. Pokorosky played and coached a battalion team in the U.S. Army in 1966 and 1967 and when he returned to Akron he started a standout hitting and pitching career in the Class AA league. Pokorosky was one of the top power hitters in the Class AA league and was a two-time Class AA All-Star honoree two times during his career from 1968 through 1973. The longtime Akron resident was a star outfielder and relief pitcher on some of the top teams in the league in that era.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 49.80736
Retrieved Text: Few topics in baseball inspire as much fiery debate these days as the notion of pitch counts. On one side of the issue, you have the Old School proponents who contend that pitchers used to toss upwards of 120 to 140 pitches per game without feeling so much as twinge so that’s how today’s Charmin-soft youngsters should be taught how to do it, by gawd. And on the other side is the statistically-inclined crowd, with spreadsheet after spreadsheet of data showing that excessive pitch counts wreak havoc on hurlers’ arms, regardless of how they used to do things back in Old Hoss Radbourn’s day.
Strike That: Helpfully-large plus buttons and audio feedback make it easy to track balls and strikes with Baseball Pitch Count.
Whichever side of the issue you come down on, there’s certainly an argument to be made for keeping track of how many times a pitcher hurls a ball in anger, especially if you happen to be the coach of a Little League, Babe Ruth, high school, or youth team. Tracking pitch counts down to the balls and strikes can help you gauge a pitcher’s effectiveness, whether he’s tiring down the stretch or lost command of the strike zone. (Looking up to see the basepaths clogged with runners would also be a helpful indicator.) Developer Keld Sperry brings the task of tracking pitcher workloads to the iPhone and iPod touch with Baseball Pitch Count, a simple, though largely effective pitch counter.
Baseball Pitch Count lets you track the pitches for up to four pitchers on two

########
Rank: 16
Score: 49.687218
Retrieved Text: Angels rookie Shohei Ohtani homers in second straight game. April. 06, 2018 09:11. by Heon-Jae Lee uni@donga.com.
From a mediocre minor leaguer to the reincarnation of Babe Ruth. It only took three games for his label to take such a dramatic turn. Shohei Ohtani, the 24-year-old Japanese pitcher and designated hitter for the Los Angeles Angels, is fast emerging as a super star in the Major League Baseball (MLB) with highly impressive performances.
On Wednesday (local time), the versatile Japanese pitcher pulled off two hits and two runs in five at-bats including a homer as a designated hitter against the Cleveland Indians. In the bottom of the fifth inning, the Japanese rookie homered off a 94-mile fastball from two-time Cy Young Award winner Corey Kluber, sending the ball over the center fence of the stadium. Ohtani notched another hit in the tenth inning up in the middle. The Japanese pulled off homers and multi hits for the second straight game straight, following the three hits and a three-man home run from a day earlier. His batting average has soared to 0.429, and the Angels reversed the game 3-2 thanks to a game-ending homer by Zack Cozart in the 13th inning.
On Sunday, Ohtani notched a win as a starting pitcher against the Oakland Athletics, allowing three runs in six innings. “Hitting two home runs in a row after being a winning pitcher is a feat that even the God of Baseball Babe Ruth did not achieve,” the Japanese Daily Sports said, citing “Baseball-Reference.com,” a data archive website for the

########
Rank: 17
Score: 49.439137
Retrieved Text: SteveSteinberg.net Features : Damon Runyon on Who's the Greatest Pitcher: Christy Mathewson, Grover Cleveland Alexander, or Walter Johnson?
Home Page Baseball History Sportswriters On Baseball Damon Runyon: Damon Runyon on Who's the Greatest Pitcher: Christy Mathewson, Grover Cleveland Alexander, or Walter Johnson?
New York Giants Larry Doyle and Doc Crandall visit with Chicago Cubs shortstop Joe Tinker, just four years after their bitter pennant fight of 1908. That year, the famous Merkle game led to a one-game playoff, in which the Cubs beat Christy Mathewson and the Giants to advance to the World Series.
Damon Runyon on Who's the Greatest Pitcher: Christy Mathewson, Grover Cleveland Alexander, or Walter Johnson?
Before Damon Runyon became a famous short story writer in the 1930s, he was a popular sportswriter with the New York American in the ’teens and 1920s. In 1915, Christy Mathewson of the New York Giants was nearing the end of his brilliant career. Two other hurlers had emerged as greats: Walter Johnson of the Washington Nationals and Grover Cleveland Alexander of the Philadelphia Phillies.
On April 24, 1915, Damon Runyon wrote of these three great pitchers. In 1915, Alexander and Johnson still had more than a decade of pitching ahead of them. Baseball author Jim Reisler has edited and published a collection of Runyon’s baseball writing, Guys, Dolls, and Curve Balls, New York: Carroll and Graf, 2005.
Whenever we see Grover Cleveland Alexander pitching at top form, we conclude that he is the greatest right-handed pitcher in the land, and we cling to that conclusion until Walter Perry Johnson comes along with

########
Rank: 18
Score: 49.42495
Retrieved Text: Dan Jalbert gives us some key catching tips that will make you a better catcher.
Blocking the “bad ball” has always been my forte and something I have taken tremendous pride in. I feel that throughout my career, I have been as good or better at blocking pitches in the dirt than any catcher I have played against. For me, it is primarily a mental attitude that no matter where the pitch was or what type of pitch it was, I was going to keep it in front of me and thus keep runners from advancing a base. This attitude again gives the pitcher the comfort knowing that he can throw a pitch in the dirt and not worry about a runner from third scoring or allowing a runner on first to get into scoring position.
First, while in our “man-on stance”, the catcher drops the glove to the ground and keeps it open as wide as possible.
Second, the knees hit the dirt on either side of the glove, and try not to allow any holes in between where the ball can squeak through.
Third, take the right hand with finger together in a slightly cupped position and put that between your glove and right knee on the ground. While you drop the glove, and then your knees to the ground, you should tuck your chin into your chest protector, keeping your head down and eyes looking down to the ball. Bend slightly at the waist and round your shoulders so that if the ball does hop up, your

########
Rank: 19
Score: 49.22849
Retrieved Text: My son is a 12 year old pitcher. His coach sends a signal to the catcher before every pitch indicating the pitch that he must throw and where. This is not unique to his team - all the teams do it. My feeling on this is it’s putting winning first and robbing young pitchers of learning the mental part of the game. Isn’t 12 years of age a good time to learn this part of the game on the field? I believe the kids should call their own pitches. The coach should let the game be played by the kids. The coaches can teach the kids how to make the best decisions, but actaully having to make them (and making mistakes) is much better than never having to make them at all.
usually coaches in little league are just wannabe big league coaches and they want to win instead of actually using their playing time as a school. i’ve seen a couple coaches doing the right thing by teaching their kids the baseball game instead of focusing on the W. usually teams like that aren’t winning teams but who care about that, 70% of the kids will become amazing players just because they learned a lot from their mistakes. maybe you should try to take his job and do something right. you’ll have 15 kids that will thank you in a couple years.
I’m in the same camp. As coaches we should be equipping players to think for themselves. And why in the world should a coach steal

########
Rank: 20
Score: 49.17362
Retrieved Text: High school baseball is entering the meat of the season. Over the next five weeks, the Marauders will play 18 games, including 7 in the next ten days. The Marauders will play a three game series against the Ponderosa Bruins this week. Last year, the Marauders beat the Bruins twice [13 to 3 and 10 to 0].
Leading off, Jack was 0 for 2 with a sacrifice fly and an RBI. In his first at-bat, Jack hit a 0 and 2 pitch into right center for a medium fly ball and an out. Jack popped the first pitch of his second plate appearance up to the first baseman for out. With the score tied at 0 to 0 in the top of the fifth with one out and Alex on third, Jack hit a 1 and 0 pitch for a hard fly ball down the first base line for a sacrifice fly. Alex tagged up from third and scored the first run of the game.
Playing centerfield for sixth innings, Jack had two put-outs.
Scoring two runs in the top of the fifth, the Marauders got two more in the top of the sixth on a two out error by the Bruins' second baseman on Alex's ground ball. The Marauders held on to win the game by the score of 4 to 0. The box score is here and the scorecard is here.
Wolger (1-1, 4 starts, 1 appearance, 16.2 innings, 2.54 ERA) was the winning pitcher. Wolger pitched 6 shut-out innings. Making his first appearance since March 11, Chiappe

########
Rank: 21
Score: 49.13463
Retrieved Text: The Ohio Hot Stove Baseball League Rules are to apply, unless SYB specifies the rule for league play.
Pitching distance: 40 ft. Base distance: 60 ft. Home to second base: 84 ft 10 in.
The maximum number of players per team will be 13, unless special circumstances (i.e. siblings) require the League VP to make an exception.
A pitcher in H-Gold League may pitch 6 innings in any 60-hour period. The 60-hour period will be from game time to the next scheduled game time. This includes all pitchers that have participated in that game. There are no exceptions.
Innings shall be determined by the number of put-outs per inning (3 per inning). One pitch constitutes 1/3 inning appearance.
An H-Gold pitcher shall not pitch more than three (3) innings in one calendar day. In order to measure pitcher usage, each manager/coach shall report pitch counts for each pitcher to their league VP for every game.
In H-Gold there are no bat restrictions on youth bats, except no tee ball bats allowed. Tee ball bats are defined as those bats clearly marked as “tee-ball” on the bat. If the markings on the bat are too worn to determine whether it is marked as a tee ball bat, it will be assumed to be an illegal bat. Penalty – If illegal bat detected BEFORE ball is put into play (i.e. while batter still in batter’s box), replace the bat and warn the batter and manager. If AFTER the batter reached base, the batter is called out and all base runners return to previous base.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 49.07161
Retrieved Text: Fukui and Yamagata have also arrived Taiwan tonight, three team tomorrow (24th) will to Xinzhuang baseball field do last adjustment, afternoon also arrangements 3 team head coach and players accept media interview, talk to Taiwan game of idea and team preparing for status, 25th began to series and this year Taiwan black Leopard flag Qian 3 name of high Yuan business, and Pingchen high school and Taniho home business vs, called end of most with top six of green Rod events.
Ehime Prefecture and Taiwan origin, not just the capital of Matsuyama and namesake, Songshan district, Taipei City, 1931 jianong expedition led by Kondo, General coach of the Koshien Ishihara, is from Ehime Prefecture, Matsuyama commercial College baseball team has held our alma mater, Ehime Prefecture, 13th Star team began training exercises, the players also appreciate the movie "KANO".
Now Matsuyama commercial college head coach Ze and history, said Ehime Prefecture has a large senior Kondo Ishihara, had heard his story, Ehime Governor also organizes incentives before you start Assembly to help players, Taiwan game how much pressure is there, but will encourage players to try to feel the game, and hope they can learn the game dedicated heart.
Captain of the Ehime mentianang Matsuyama Commercial H.S. players, hoping to learn predecessor taro Kondo soldiers in Taiwan to teach something, frankly nervous coming to Taiwan for the first time, he is holding an exchange study of mind and also was expecting to eat good food steamed bun.
Also is the first player to come to Taiwan on three do too,

########
Rank: 23
Score: 48.995213
Retrieved Text: USF's Matt Hiserman says even the new less lively bats used in college baseball can't keep a pitcher like himself out of harm's way.
Six days before the start of the 2010 season, he was pitching in an intrasquad game when a sharp line drive caught him just above the right ear. It was obvious he was seriously injured. Blood started trickling out his ear.
He had suffered a fractured skull and spent four days in intensive care as doctors monitored the bleeding in his brain to decide if he needed surgery. Luckily he didn't.
Two months later - wearing special headgear to protect the temporal bone on the side of his skull - he returned to action and threw four scoreless innings of relief with five strikeouts against Gonzaga.
His parents were uncomfortable with his playing again, "but they realized how much it meant to me," he said. "Family friends, to this day, think I'm nuts."
This season has started well for him. On Monday he was named WCC pitcher of the week after saving a Dons victory over UC Santa Barbara on Friday and then starting Sunday and pitching eight scoreless innings against Louisiana-Lafayette in another victory.
Even with the new bat standards, he points out, "If a guy hits the ball squarely right back at the pitcher, there's not enough time to get out of the way. There's only so much you can do about the bats. If a guy can't hit the ball hard, where's the fun in baseball?"
The new bat, though, "might limit injuries," he said.
He acknowledged

########
Rank: 24
Score: 48.902603
Retrieved Text: The Manitoba Baseball Hall of Fame will welcome the Sager family into its shrine in June of 2019.
Howie & Oddney Sager of Morden along with their sons Steve and Wayne and daughter Jennifer, who have all made signifcant contributions to baseball and fastball in Morden, will be inducted in the Hall of Fame.
"When I grew up baseball was one of my first loves," said Howie Sager shortly after the news conference to announce next years slate of inductees wrapped up at the Manitoba Hall of Fame in Winnipeg on Monday. "Baseball in the summer time was a key part of my life. I met Oddney at a ball game. We got married and we had kids and they carried on. I was lucky, my wife loved baseball and they all carried on the sport just like we did. Now we sit back and watch them do their job and watch our grandkids play. That's where our lives are now."
Steve Sager had an outstanding career as an all-star third baseman and pitcher in junior and senior baseball and since 2006 has coached minor, high school and senior teams.
Wayne Sager was a talented left-handed pitcher and home run hitter who also had outstanding junior and senior careers and also gave back to the game by coaching after his playing career was over.
Jennifer Sager played 1st base and was named All Canadian at Junior Nationals and has since had a distinguished coaching and clinician career.
"Baseball was always a big part of our family," said Steve. "We practiced lots on

########
Rank: 25
Score: 48.597847
Retrieved Text: I'd vent to say 99% of articles written on how to become a better pitcher are geared to the mechanical portion of pitching, which of course is the most important aspect of "Beginning" pitching. However, there is much more.
Baseball pitching is the act of learning grips, presses, mechanics and execution, which is by no means a small task, but becoming a Baseball Pitcher requires these skills and habits just as important, Mental strategy and toughness.
Ever question how can a major league pitcher can throw a three hit shutout on Monday and allow 9 earned runs on Thursday without getting out of the second inning?
Great pitchers acknowledge that it is just a fact of life that for some unknown reason, they will NOT always have their best stuff on any given day. This is when they compensate for less physical prowess with increased mental prowess.
For instance, home plate measures 17 "across at its widest part and if you were to imagine dividing this plate into Hitting Zones, the middle 5" would have considered the sweet spot for a hitter where he has the best power and chances of connecting with the pitch, therefore the danger zone for the pitcher.
It's the ability to consistently work the ball in and out and up and down within these two 6 "sections, which will make you a great pitcher.
Ever wonder why an MLB manager will bring in a left handed relief pitcher to face a left handed hitter despite the right handed pitcher was doing OK? It's not because a lefty

########
Rank: 26
Score: 48.524582
Retrieved Text: Sports in America enjoy an exceptional position altogether. It plays an important role in the American society by sharing cultural values, team working spirit and also contributes to the social and racial integration in the society.
Due to this, an overwhelming dedication is observed among the players and the spectators. Though the Americans derive pleasure from watching various sports played in the country, but none other than the Baseball successfully occupied the heart and soul of the Americans.
Owing to its fame and popularity, this sport is played on a national level, representing the Youth Leagues and the Major Organizations. Apart from this, many small Baseball teams have started evolving in high schools, colleges, town teams and more, which helps stimulate the nationalistic feelings of the countrymen.
Despite having the notion of what Baseball is about and how the game is played, however, still the mind of many admirers is preoccupied with confusion between what Baseball and Softball actually defines. And here, in this article you will learn the fundamental distinction between a Baseball and Softball.
Baseball describes a bat and ball game, which is played among two teams of nine players each, who take the batting and fielding in turn. The batting team increases run by hitting the ball thrown by the pitcher. The batsman then runs anti-clockwise round the four bases, namely, first, second, third and home plate. The run increases when the players come around the bases and returns to the home plate again.
On the contrary, Softball is an improvised form of Baseball, which is played with

########
Rank: 27
Score: 48.46644
Retrieved Text: FALMOUTH — A year ago, Princehoward Barbecue Yee filed an unsuccessful lawsuit in an effort to play varsity baseball at Deering High. The lawsuit claimed that not playing with the varsity would stunt his athletic growth and could even cause “lasting economic” harm.
This spring, Yee isn’t even bothering to attempt to play high school ball.
The 16-year-old catcher and pitcher – who goes by his legal middle name – is constantly working on his game. Yee combines online home-school courses with regular classes as a junior at Falmouth High. That frees up plenty of time for private lessons and daily workouts at the Hitters Count in Saco, and makes it easier to travel to baseball camps, clinics and club-team opportunities across the country.
At least in terms of recognition, the unconventional strategy is working. He is ranked in the top four among Class of 2020 players in Maine, according to the national scouting service Perfect Game, despite playing just four varsity high school games in three years, as a freshman at Deering.
Yee said he is academically eligible and could play for Falmouth. But he believes individual training will have more benefit.
The family’s unorthodox path is directed toward defined goals: Playing college baseball and getting picked in Major League Baseball’s amateur draft. But first, there is Yee’s goal of being selected this summer for the 20-player USA Baseball national 16-and-under team. The key audition will be playing for Team Freedom at the USA Baseball East National Team Championships in Jupiter, Florida, from June 20-25. It will be Yee’s fourth

########
Rank: 28
Score: 48.123604
Retrieved Text: There is all kinds of "conventional wisdom" in the game of softball. You'll often hear you should never make the first or last out at third base, that you should always bunt a runner to second with nobody out, and other such ideas. Some of them make sense, some do not.
Yet let's think about it for a minute. Pitching in fastpitch softball is an extremely difficult position. It requires great dedication and great concentration. Pitchers often continue to practice their craft after the field players have been sent on their way. Hmmmm. What attributes would we like in hitters? How about dedication in the off season and concentration at the plate? Get where I'm going?
Here's an extreme example. When the 2004 National team was making its run toward the Olympics, their cleanup hitter in most games was a lady named Lisa Fernandez. She was either playing third or DHing for someone, and hitting the heck out of the ball. Yet when she was in the circle, the coaching staff would have someone hit for her. One day Coach Mike Candrea stopped to think about it and realized that was just silly. He then let Lisa hit for herself when she was pitching, and she helped the team win its third Olympic gold medal.
On my own team we're seeing a microcosm of that scenario. Currently three out of the top four hitters are also my pitchers. (The fourth is an ex-pitcher, incidentally.) We'll see how it goes during the season, but those three are leading or close

########
Rank: 29
Score: 48.068703
Retrieved Text: It's hard to find a good lefthanded arm these days, but apparently the Jays are taking that notion to the extreme. According to this report from New Zealand, the Jays have offered a contract to 19-year old softball pitcher/outfielder Andrew Kirkpatrick. I haven't been able to find out too much about him, but the few pictures I've seen of him on the net indicate that he's a lefty.
Posted by Pepper Moffatt on Wednesday, January 28 2004 @ 12:57 PM EST.
Good luck finding Davenport translations on Austrailian softball.
I like how he said that there were only minor things that he had to work on if he was going to pitch overhand..."like technique"
That seems like a major thing to me.
I don't know...once he gets the minor things like command, location and velocity up to ML level it should be no problem. Oh yeah...and avoid injury.
Lindsey: "Do I detect a hint of sarcasm?"
Prof. Frink: "According to my sarcasm detector, yes!"
There's a reference in the New Zealand softball championships story to a ballpark called "Smokefree"...perhaps not a pitcher's park.
Forgive me for being obtuse, but why the hell would he pitch overhand?
Isn't it a rule that major-league pitchers have to throw overhand? I seem to recall some obscure rule from the turn of the previous century that underhanded pitching was outlawed.
why the hell would he pitch overhand?
That's a very good question. As long as his windup and delivery are always the same, it wouldn't be a balk. In a series of exhibitions on This Week In Baseball, Jennie Finch was able

================



======= Instance Index 1820 =========
Input Text: Simon asked his father to read him a story.  His father couldn't find Simon's book, so looked everywhere for it. Where might it be?
Choose the most suitable option to answer the above question.
Options:
- eat cake
- end badly
- communicating moral
- near end
- floor

Target Text: floor

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 54.9194
Retrieved Text: Robert Hilburn spent 100 hours interviewing the private star for this definitive new book.
Longtime Los Angeles Times critic Robert Hilburn just authored the definitive Paul Simon biography even though he didn't talk to either Art Garfunkel, Simon's famous musical partner, or Edie Brickell, Simon's third and current wife.
"Paul Simon: The Life" is based on 100 hours of conversations with the notoriously private Simon plus interviews with more than 100 people in his life, from childhood pals to musical associates to two ex-wives. Simon cooperated but he didn't have control over the content.
Hilburn estimates about 80 percent of the book is original research. His goal was to write as much about the songwriting process as about Simon's personal life.
In an interview, Hilburn shared some of his reflections.
Garfunkel declined to get involved because he was working on his own memoir, which was published in the fall of 2017. Still, the writer pursued Garfunkel for another year and a half. "He didn't want to do anything to help Paul; they're still so far apart," said Hilburn. "I told him 'It's my book, not Paul's.' "
"Initially, all he wanted to talk about was his new album. ... I missed my deadline and he saw how disappointed I was about that. Then he started opening up because the last 20 hours of the 100 we talked were better than the first 80."
Simon gave Hilburn a list of friends from his days in London but said Kathy Chitty, his first girlfriend and muse, was out of bounds. So Hilburn e-mailed back: "Nobody can

########
Rank: 1
Score: 52.355927
Retrieved Text: NEW YORK (AP) — Tributes are pouring in from actors, fellow playwrights and other celebrities for Neil Simon, the American theater's most successful and prolific playwright in the second half of the 20th century.
"It was my great good fortune that my very first Broadway play was written by Neil Simon. He also wrote my first film. I owe him a career. The theater has lost a brilliantly funny, unthinkably wonderful writer and even after all this time I feel I have lost a mentor, a father figure, a deep influence in my life and work."
— Hollywood and Broadway actor Matthew Broderick, who in 1983 made his Broadway debut in Simon's "Brighton Beach Memoirs" and his movie debut in Simon's "Max Dugan Returns."
"Neil Simon will always be one of my theatrical heroes and I am so proud to have played a small part in his unparalleled career and remarkable legacy. My heartfelt condolences to his wife Elaine and the entire Simon family."
— Broadway actor Nathan Lane, who starred in three Broadway shows by Simon: "Broadway Bound," ''Laughter on the 23rd Floor" and "The Odd Couple," in a statement.
"He could write a joke that would make you laugh, define the character, the situation, and even the world's problems. First time I met him he looked at me and said, "Where the hell did they find you?" What a gent."
— Tony Award-winning actor and playwright Harvey Fierstein, via Twitter.
"Neil Simon, you wrote every character for me, you just didn't know it at the time. Thank you. Rest in Hilarity."
"Neil

########
Rank: 2
Score: 52.304733
Retrieved Text: Atom Egoyan's new film ADORATION, is good enough to be considered with the best of his work - THE SWEET HEREAFTER and ARARAT. It's a sophisticated, emotionally resonant drama about clingng to grief and the slippery nature of memory - themes explored in other Egoyan films. The movie is well-acted, beautifully scored and cleverly put together.
The heart of the film is a Lebanese schoolteacher called Sabine (Arsinée Khanjian) who befriends an orphaned schoolboy called Simon (Devon Bostick). She encourages him to develop a dramatic monologue in which he imagines that his father was a terrorist who had planted a bomb on his wife, then pregnant with Simon. If she hadn't been interecepted by security, Simon, his mother and 400 passengers would have died. Simon - precociously calm and articulate - becomes engrossed in this alternative history to the point where he insists on pretending that it's true to his schoolfriends and the wider internet chatroom community. It is hinted that he gets off on the audience reaction and his newfound local notoriety. It is, after all, more satisfying to control a story than to have to piece together fragments of your parents fateful car crash and your grandfather's racist attitude toward your father.
At the same time, Sabine tries to reach out to Simon's uncle, Tom. He's an insular man who tries to avoid confrontation, in sharp contrast to Simon's father who tackled his father-in-law head-on. Tom is the opposite of Simon, refusing to even try to make sense of past events, avoiding emotional or intellectual engagement

########
Rank: 3
Score: 50.630955
Retrieved Text: Coming-of-age drama written and directed by Armenian-Canadian filmmaker Atom Egoyan. After becoming orphaned as a boy in mysterious circumstances, Simon (Devon Bostick) has been brought up by his Uncle Tom (Scott Speedman). Simon's memories of his mother Rachel (Rachel Blanchard) and father Sami (Noam Jenkins) are shrouded in doubt and conflicting accounts. When Simon's teacher Sabine (Arsinee Khanjian) reads Simon's class a news story about an attempted aircraft bombing, Simon identifies strongly with the story and rewrites it as a version of the accident that caused his parents' death. As his interpretation of the story gathers momentum and ends up in the public arena on the internet, Simon finally comes face to face with his own memories and experiences - and discovers that only he can decide what to believe about his fractured past.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 48.545715
Retrieved Text: The next cartoon I'm sharing is the Ultra City Ultra Twins, an amalgam of COPS and Centurions. In the fictional Ultra City, Simon and Shaya are the twin children of the police captain, Steve Stryker. When they sneak after their father while arresting a robber, they see him fatally wounded by the criminal. In his last moments, Steve give his children two halves of a Ultra City Ultra Officer badge, which when combined gives them powers based on four main police roles.
Shaya, the more athletic and aggressive of the two, prefers to use Pursuit mode, which gives her rocket boots for tailing crooks and a launchable handcuff tether, and SWAT mode, arming her with two arm-mounted piledrivers. Simon, her academic brother, sticks with Detective mode, granting him enhanced senses and communications, and Riot mode, which gives him a shield and a gas cannon. Together with their robotic pets, K-9000 and APBee, they assume the roles of the Ultra City Ultra Twins, helping the police force while remaining a secret from the new chief, Captain Cross, who wants to take the badges back for himself.
Simon and Shaya Stryker looked up to their father, Steve Stryker, captain of the Ultra City Police Department. The kids follow their father as he trails a crook, Shaya impressed with her dad's ability to chase the crook down, Simon impressed with how he followed clues to find him. Unfortunately, the robber pulls a gun and shoots Steve, fatally wounding him. The kids go to his side and he gives them the Ultra

########
Rank: 5
Score: 48.119102
Retrieved Text: "I wasn't lying about dreaming of you."
"You dreamed of me because you wanted revenge."
"I dreamed of you because you are the brightest thing I've ever seen. You were then. You are now."
It's been years since Simon Malik and his friends left St. Joke's, but the events that led to their departure from the place that became a living hell for each one of them still linger in the deepest and darkest recesses of their minds. When his marker is called in by the man who "saved" them, a man simply known as Bates, Simon knows he has no other option but to agree to whatever is asked of him. After all, how difficult should it be to get close to the Painbrush Inn and Resort's co-owner and executive chef, Penny McConnell? All he needs to do is show up at an event, pretend to be someone other than the journalist that he is, and verify who Bates believes she is--Tina Andreas. The same Tina Andreas who is the illegitimate daughter of Dale Simpson, the man Simon blames for the death of his beloved mother which, in turn, led to the suicide of his loving father. The same Tina Andreas who stood by Simon's side as he contemplated whether or not to proceed with his plan outside the court steps after Simpson was exonerated years ago. The very same Tina Andreas whose one act led Simon to end up in St. Joke's.
Everything I Left Unsaid remains my favorite M. O'Keefe series, but after reading the third full-length

########
Rank: 6
Score: 48.09395
Retrieved Text: Iranian author Kader Abdolah describes the plight of a father seeking a burial place for his murdered dissident son.
One stands on the mountains of my country as if on a grave. An abandoned grave; no one knows who lies buried there.
During the winter nothing is visible. In spring when the snow has melted, the graves emerge, but they are quickly covered again with wildflowers. It is as if nature were afraid that the graves might be discovered.
When mountain climbers come across such a grave they start singing songs against the dictatorship. They approach the grave, singing. They set down their rucksacks to rest a bit and to eat.
They leave the remains of their food for the birds, for the eagles that fly high in the mountains. The birds soar over the grave waiting for the climbers to leave. Instantly they dive in a mass onto the food.
The eagles are a sort of guide for the climbers, flying in advance and letting them know where the graves are.
Standing on the highest peak of my birthplace, looking toward the northern mountain chains, you often see flights of eagles plunging down.
With the naked eye you see only the gray-blue mountains, but with binoculars you can also see the villages that lie among the crags. Small villages that, like graves, are covered in winter by snow and in summer by wildflowers.
My father was born in one of those villages, and my brother lies buried in the mountains.
I did not know that my brother had been murdered. I lived in the

########
Rank: 7
Score: 47.885468
Retrieved Text: An excellent tune book from traditional fiddler Simon Bradley. Many of the tunes are recorded on the CD Grogarry Lodge.
The A4 book features favourites such as Salvation Road and the Fiddle Cushion as well as many previously unpublished tunes composed by Simon over the last twenty years. There is also a selection of poems from Simon's father Pearse Bradley.
Simon was first inspired to play fiddle after hearing sessions in his father's native Buncrana and later in Manchester along with Michael McGoldrick.
Simon has achieved widespread recognition for his ability as a composer, with many top musicians having used his material.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 47.734444
Retrieved Text: Drawing from Memory by Allen Say. Grades 4+ Scholastic Press, September 2011. 63 pages. Reviewed from galley provided by publisher.
When an editor tells you that an upcoming book is a "career-making book" for the author and said author has already won a Caldecott medal, you sit up and take notice.
Drawing from Memory is the story of Allen Say's childhood, growing up in Japan during WWII and its aftermath. It's the story of a boy who would do anything to pursue his dreams, including leaving home and getting his own apartment at the tender age of 12. It's a picture book. No, it's a graphic novel. No, it's an autobiography. No, it's all three combined in a way that is utterly unique.
Allen Say was born in 1937 in a seaside village in Japan. Unfortunately, his mother was terrified of the water, so Allen spent a great deal of his childhood indoors. He learned to read at an early age and he loved, loved, loved to draw. When he told his father that he wanted to be a cartoonist, his father was appalled. So Allen drew while his father was at work and then hid the drawings when his father came home.
Mr. Say tells his story in a mixture of mediums, including watercolor paintings, cartoons, pen-and-ink drawings, and photography. The book is rife with emotion - gray watercolors depicting the destruction and despondency after WWII bombings, brightly colored pen-and-ink drawings showing his path to find his mentor and his happy time spent drawing and painting.
Of course, any librarian

########
Rank: 9
Score: 47.397446
Retrieved Text: 1. The beginning of the gospel about Jesus Christ, the Son of God.
2. It is written in the prophet Isaiah: Look, I am going to send my messenger in front of you to prepare your way before you.
3. A voice of one that cries in the desert: Prepare a way for the Lord, make his paths straight.
4. John the Baptist was in the desert, proclaiming a baptism of repentance for the forgiveness of sins.
5. All Judaea and all the people of Jerusalem made their way to him, and as they were baptised by him in the river Jordan they confessed their sins.
6. John wore a garment of camel-skin, and he lived on locusts and wild honey.
7. In the course of his preaching he said, 'After me is coming someone who is more powerful than me, and I am not fit to kneel down and undo the strap of his sandals.
9. It was at this time that Jesus came from Nazareth in Galilee and was baptised in the Jordan by John.
10. And at once, as he was coming up out of the water, he saw the heavens torn apart and the Spirit, like a dove, descending on him.
13. and he remained there for forty days, and was put to the test by Satan. He was with the wild animals, and the angels looked after him.
16. As he was walking along by the Lake of Galilee he saw Simon and Simon's brother Andrew casting a net in the lake -- for they were fishermen.
18. And at once they

########
Rank: 10
Score: 47.277584
Retrieved Text: What the hell does Che Guevara, the infamous Cuban revolutionary, have to do with Buddhism? I'm guess it's probably never been on the radar for most of you, and I'm also imagining that the very mention of the name sparks powerful reactions for some of you. Freedom fighter. Compassionate doctor. Communist troublemaker. Armed terrorist. Maybe one or more of these phrase fit how you place him. Certainly, the man has been romanticized on the one hand by people on the left who sport t-shirts with his image, and/or have seen movies like "The Motorcycle Diaries" or who have read his writings about the impact of colonialism, capitalism, and the dream of a unified American continent (north and south). Whatever the chosen image, he almost always seems to be larger than life.
Arguelles goes on to say she really didn't know why she had asked him that, of all things, and how her friends wondered, in amazement, why she spoke of the Buddha of all things to this powerful political figure. And then she writes that a few weeks later, her father, who worked closely with Guevara at the time, arrived home one day with a package. It was another book of poetry, with a letter in it that said "Che said to tell you he looked very hard for what you wanted but couldn't find it. He sends you another book of Neruda poems for your collection." What's totally interesting to me is that her father knew nothing of the earlier exchange; he simply brought the message

########
Rank: 11
Score: 47.241207
Retrieved Text: Simon John Barlow (né Richards) is the son of Peter and Lucy Barlow, born in 2003. After learning her husband had committed bigamy, Lucy took Simon to live in Australia, but some time after their return to the United Kingdom, Lucy died of breast cancer, leaving five-year-old Simon in the care of his father Peter.
Peter immediately struggled with fatherhood and turned to alcohol, which had an effect on Simon, even nearly leading to his death. When Simon's maternal grandfather George tried to take custody as a result of Peter's drinking, Simon ran away back to Peter. Simon found stability in the form of Peter's girlfriend and later wife, Leanne Battersby, and began viewing her as his mother and she adopted him. When Leanne and Peter's marriage fell apart in 2012, Leanne was given primary custody.
Simon faced further struggles in his early life. He became the victim of bullying at the hands of Grace Piper and Faye Windass and his father was briefly sent to prison for being wrongly convicted of the murder of Tina McIntyre. In 2015, Simon became disturbed and began physically abusing Leanne, forcing her to report him to the police.
Lucy Richards became pregnant with Simon during a secret affair with Peter Barlow. Peter was also engaged to Shelley Unwin but persuaded Lucy to marry him in secret after convincing her that his relationship with Shelley was over. A few days after the wedding, Lucy discovered Peter had lied about breaking up with Shelley and kicked him out. Lucy gave birth to Simon in

########
Rank: 12
Score: 47.23992
Retrieved Text: Oishi was not surprised that the evening went more or less according to Fuji's plans. Oishi's Mother looked worried, maybe that there might not be enough food when his Father invited them, but as usual said nothing.
It was Eiji that smoothed things over with her to Oishi's surprise and happiness. Eiji mentioned, while Fuji and Oishi's father talked, that he loved one of the side dishes Oishi's mom had made last time. Could he have the recipe for his mother? Eiji followed her into the kitchen and in a sweet, subtle, complementary way, mentioned how his mother always cooked for such a large family nightly. They talked of food and about some of the dishes Eiji's mom made and Oishi saw his mom respond to the attention and complements. She glowed because of them. When Oishi looked at his mom next, she went from being nearly in a panic, to smiling and humming as she cooked.
It was a little gesture, a small kindness, nothing Eiji meant for Oishi or anyone else to see, but it was so sweet and generous, it made Oishi adore Eiji all the more for it. They both went into Oishi's room to finish up any homework they had left. Fuji soon joined them from talking with Oishi's father and when he walked in the room, he shut and locked the door. Oishi and Eiji looked alarmed but Fuji said smiling, "Ne, its fine, we won't be disturbed."
Eiji and Oishi were sitting close to each other but not touching, Fuji asked if

########
Rank: 13
Score: 46.476494
Retrieved Text: Scary Ghost Stories 2 : Related by a young man. "When I was small I used to follow my father to the musolla. Sometimes I followed him to far away places and sometimes I just accompanied him to nearby places. I like being with him, besides being a good son I really like to sit at the back seat of his motorbike, and to have adventurous journey almost every night. I like the weather at night, especially when the wind was blowing cold towards my neck.
One night, as usual I followed my father. However, that night we didn't travel by his motorbike because my mother was coming along. We went by car. Actually during the day we went to Malacca just for fun, shopping and sight seeing. On our way back my father headed straight to the musolla because there was going to be a speech on that night and we were going to be late if we went home first. When we arrived, no parking space was available near the musolla, so my father had to park his car beside the graveyard. My father went inside, but my mother and myself waited in the car because the speech was going to end in half an hour. My mother asked me to lock all doors, so I did what my mother told me to do. While I was locking the doors, I accidentally looked at the graveyard. I looked everywhere within the graveyard and saw several banana trees. I wondered whether the trees were producing fruit

########
Rank: 14
Score: 46.36605
Retrieved Text: He is called Emma_Khan RWIBUTSO, he is my gym mate in the neighborhood Kivugiza cell based in the Kigali city.He has never been a movie maker before, just the way to tell his story, he was born a few months after the genocide against the Tutsi. RWIBUTSO is a Kinyarwanda name that means memory.
His mom was hiding everywhere with this Baby boy in her womb, the Interahamwe militias asked his father to show up his pregnant wife to be killed or they kill him instead, he refused to tell them and they killed him immediately.
When the mother was hidden under a bridge, she could not see by her own eyes what happened to her husband but she heard the gunshot noise, that was him being killed, from that minuteon wards, her only prayer was to save her life and her unborn baby. Luckily, she survived with her pregnancy. Few months later RWIBUTSO was born.
Normally, GASIGWA is the common name in our culture that people give to a child who is born after his father's death or he whose father died when he is still a little Baby. Maybe he was given the name RWIBUTSO because this was an unusual death, not just death but an abominable one, and because he was the only memory of his father left in his mother’s mind and about her marriage and the tragedy through which she passed.
He grew up with a mother who doesn't talk much, no father around and he couldn't know the what happened until he had to

########
Rank: 15
Score: 46.077656
Retrieved Text: So far it looks as though I'll probably stay behind on my Who Do You Think You Are? posts. I think I'll set a goal of posting about an episode before the second one after it airs. Maybe I can stick to that. This one took extra time because I worked hard at tracking down online links to some of the information presented in the episode.
The Scott Foley episode of Who Do You Think You Are? introduced me to another celebrity I hadn't heard of previously. The teaser told us that Foley would discover his family had an impact on critical events in U.S. history and that a relative put his life on the line for one of America's founding fathers. He would also learn about an ancestor who suffered unspeakably during one of America's darkest times.
Scott Foley is an actor whose first breakthrough role came on the Felicity series (never seen it). According to the hyped-up intro, he has become one of television's most sought-after stars. Other series on which he has appeared are Scrubs (I actually used to watch that in syndication), The Unit (nope), True Blood (nope), and Scandal (and nope). Foley lives in Los Angeles with his wife, actress Marike Domińczyk, and their three children. In one of the family shots, the Foleys' younger son takes his first steps, and Foley calls out to the cameraman, "Tell me you got that!" The camerman confirms, "Got it!" Nice to know that this program can serve a greater good.
Foley opens by telling us that

########
Rank: 16
Score: 46.035275
Retrieved Text: SIMON Cowell is allegedly going to become a father for the first time.
The 53-year-old music mogul is reported to be having a baby with his friend Andrew Silverman's wife, New York socialite Lauren Silverman and she has almost completed her first trimester.
An insider told Us Weekly magazine: "She's around 10 weeks along. Lauren and Andrew have been unhappy in their marriage for some time, and their divorce has been in the works for a while.
"As their marriage deteriorated, she and Simon became close."
Cowell and the 36-year-old brunette have often been seen on vacation together and she is a regular during Simon's annual trip to St Barts.
Lauren Silverman is said to have told friends she wants to tie the knot with Simon.
A source told MailOnline, who first confirmed the reports of Simon's impending fatherhood: "Lauren loves Simon, she says that she wants to marry him. And with the baby, she's going the right way about it! But I think this could be really good for Simon."
However, friends of the eternal bachelor are shocked at the news he is to become a father.
One pal said: "He is an incredibly well-prepared man who is very controlling and no one can believe in a million years that he would make this kind of mistake.
"Knowing him and the way in which he controls every aspect of his life it's astonishing that this has happened. He is not one of those men who would have [had] a child in this way - it just seems so out of character.
"There is a sense

########
Rank: 17
Score: 45.998276
Retrieved Text: Fri February 01, 2019 Sarah, Joseph,Andrew and Families, my sincere Condolences to you .Hugs and prayers to you all.R.I.P Simon.
Fri February 01, 2019 Sarah and family, my deepest condolences. I have very fond memories of Simon teaching me in grade 7 and also of the many hockey games I watched at your home with Simon, he cheering for the Habs and me cheering for the Leafs. R.I.P. Simon.
Fri February 01, 2019 Simon and I grew up together, went to school together and played golf together over the years. I always looked forward to seeing him on his mower doing the lawn when we arrived for the summer. Sincere condolences to Sarah and the rest of Simon's family. Our hearts are with you at this most difficult time.
Fri February 01, 2019 Sarah, Delia & All of Simon Joseph's Family, We extend our Sincere Condolences, Our Thoughts & Prayers are with each & everyone at this sad time. Simon Joseph will be dearly be missed by all who knew Him. Marie.
Fri February 01, 2019 I’m very sorry to hear of Simon’s passing. He was my teacher many years ago. I remember him as a very kind,lovely man. My thoughts are with all the family.
Fri February 01, 2019 Sorry to hear about your Dad Andrew. Take care.. Judy and John Webber.
Fri February 01, 2019 Extending our deepest & most heartfelt sympathy . Our thought's & prayers are with you all at this most difficult time . Munroe & Rhadie Murphy .
Sat February 02, 2019 We are sorry to hear

########
Rank: 18
Score: 45.93444
Retrieved Text: Simon's maternal Great Great Grandfather Anaru Kleskovic was originally from a small settlement near Dubrovnik, Croatia. He arrived in New Zealand in the late 1800's where he based himself in the far north, where he worked in the gumfields and met and married his bride Erina Kaka - a Maori princess.
Erina's father Hohepa was a well respected warrior and Chief of the Aupouri Tribe. Their eldest child, Raihaf (Lizzie), is Simon's great grandmother. She married a Welshman named Andrew Jones and they had seventeen children between them - number eight being Simon's grandmother Aneta.
Aneta married John Hodgson, a kiwi-born Englishman. So, through his mother Tracee, Simon has many relatives from around the world including high profile kiwis Stacey Jones (International Rugby League player) and Member of Parliament Shane Jones.
Simon's father, Owen Evans, is a second generation kiwi with origins in the United Kingdom and Wales.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 45.77052
Retrieved Text: The stormy weather finally came back. It opened up a vein that was wide and heavy and never stopped, the first rainfall since June. Everything was thick with water and greyness.
Simon would have ensured there was no dust on the Accord to be spotted by rain, thought Maryam. Simon would have tinkered with everything under the hood in anticipation of winter. He would have carved pumpkins, taken hot drinks with her, talked to her, tucked the kids in.
Maybe not. Maryam knew she needed to bank more reality checks.
She was driving south on the Sea to Sky Highway with the children; the rising wind was laced with rain that bound itself to the droughty ground. She was dropping the kids off at Simon's new condo in Yaletown. It was the home he now shared with Anne, Anne who came out of nowhere but had apparently been everywhere.
Michael would miss nursery school for one day. He and 20-month-old Shula were having their first overnight visit with their father since the Shattering. Maryam was trying to embrace the new normal; she knew she was certainly better off without a liar and a cheat. Simon hadn't seen the children for weeks; he would bring them back. And then what?
Maryam wasn't managing everything yet. The tension and grief was like a medicine ball sitting in her solar plexus. She vomited at work, and Clive, the ginger-dreadlocked Londoner who managed deliveries, saw her slam the bathroom door shut and heard the retching.
"Are you all right?" he asked her afterwards. Maryam liked the

########
Rank: 20
Score: 45.527813
Retrieved Text: David Carr was an extraordinary reporter, but his best story may have been his own. He battled back from cocaine and crack addiction and a life on the street to become a celebrated columnist at The New York Times and, more crucially, a devoted father. David Carr collapsed in the newsroom one night in 2015 and died at the height of his fame and creative powers at the age of 58, leaving readers and his family in mourning.
Erin Lee Carr, documentary filmmaker, has put together a memoir of the father she cherished and her own struggles with some of the same demons he had wrestled. She's called her memoir "All That You Leave Behind." Erin Lee Carr joins us from New York. Thanks so much for being with us.
ERIN LEE CARR: Hi. So great to be here.
SIMON: If I could, I'd like to begin with that moment in your childhood. I believe you were 8 years old. Your father was going to take you and your friend Alex (ph) to McDonald's. What happened?
SIMON: This is not the way to begin a healthful relationship, Ms. Carr, but go ahead.
CARR: Just teasing. But - so did not have a lot of friends, was super excited that I finally made a friend. And she was even - you know, she was ready to come over to the house. And so upstairs in my room, the one that I shared with my twin sister, I explained that, you know, my parents were drug addicts and that I didn't live with

########
Rank: 21
Score: 45.083317
Retrieved Text: Desperate to fit in, Luke endures the confusion and teasing until he discovers an unlocked door to the outside, and a chance to understand what is really going on. But to take this chance -- to find out the secrets of Hendricks -- Luke will need to put aside his fears and discover a courage that a lifetime in hiding couldn't thwart.
Once again, best-selling author Margaret Peterson Haddix delights her fans with this spine-tingling account of an all-too-possible future. Among the Impostors is a worthy companion to Among the Hidden and a heart-stopping thriller in its own right.
Sometimes he whispered his real name in the dark, in the middle of the night.
"Luke. My name is Luke."
He was sure no one could hear. His roommates were all asleep, and even if they weren't, there was no way the sound of his name could travel even the short distance to the bed above or beside him. He was fairly certain there were no bugs on him or in his room. He'd looked. But even if he'd missed seeing a microphone hidden in a mattress button or carved into the headboard, how could a microphone pick up a whisper he could barely hear himself?
He was safe now. Lying in bed, wide awake while everyone else slept, he reassured himself of that fact constantly. But his heart pounded and his face went clammy with fear every time he rounded his lips for that "u" sound -- instead of the fake smile of the double "e" in Lee, the name he

########
Rank: 22
Score: 44.951397
Retrieved Text: It was 1979, and Tommy was a typical tearaway 11 year old, living with his family in the English East Midlands. It was late spring and Tommy's 13 year old brother, Simon's birthday was just a couple of weeks away and his Mum and Dad were planning a surprise party for him as he was becoming a teenager. This particular day, his Mum had gone to check some of the chocolate and treats that they had been getting together for this, so she would know what else she needed to get, so they would have everything. On going to the pantry, she found a number of things she thought she'd bought before, largely sweets and confectionery were missing. She puzzled over it for a while, although she did have her suspicions. That evening, she mentioned it to her husband, Tommy's Dad, and he said he didn't know why they were missing. They couldn't mention it to Simon of course as he didn't know anything about it. When Tommy himself came in, they asked him if he'd taken anything from the pantry recently? He clearly looked worried, but said "errr. No. I haven't taken anything�. "Strange�, his Mum thought, but let it go, thinking maybe, just possibly, she had made a mistake.
A couple of days later, while they were at school, she was tidying up and vacuuming upstairs. She was in Tommy's room, and pushed the vacuum cleaner under Tommy's bed. As she pulled it out again, it had caught a large piece of wrapping paper which

########
Rank: 23
Score: 44.762833
Retrieved Text: Simon is a 19 year old male and the protagonist of Cry of Fear. He is an individual plagued with anxiety and depression, little being known about his school or home life - something his doctor notes are topics Simon refuses to discuss. It is known that Simon lives with his mother, no mention made of a father or other relatives. His only friend outside his home appears to be his friend Sophie, whom he harbors a secret interest in.
Also known simply as 'The Doctor', Purnell is the main antagonist during the events of Cry of Fear alongside the abominations Simon is subjected to fighting.
Sophie is a close friend of Simon's from school and is Simon's hidden love intrest. How Simon met her is never specifically stated, but Sophie states that she always had problems at school - hinting she was a victim of bullying by others, and that Simon was the only boy who was kind to her.
That's just a copy of the PC game, is it not?
Probably would have had more to say if were original or you stated that it were a recreation of the game. Anywho, I played the game, didn't like it. And I don't think many LittleBigPlanet players have, you know, since the target audience of the game is children. Not saying we all are, simply, I'm not. But I wouldn't be interested in this sort of level. If it were original I would give it a go but knowing what it is. No thanks.
Huh... When I read this thread

########
Rank: 24
Score: 44.74069
Retrieved Text: Samuel threw open the door to his home. With a bright smile on his face he was about to walk in. However, before he could even step inside, his mother had already appeared in front of him.
“Where have you been, young man?” Evelina said calmly.
However, Samuel knew that she wasn’t calm. She was furious. Her face was red and her voice quivered with anger. Samuel knew that putting one foot wrong would lead to serious consequences.
“I… I was playing with Grace.” Samuel said, nervously smiling at his mother.
Evelina crouched down and looked Samuel directly in the eyes. It was as if she was looking into his soul. However, Samuel did not let the psychological penetration of Evelina affect his eyes. He stood tall with a perfect poker face.
“Why are you so late then?” She asked.
Samuel did not let his poker face falter.
“We lost track of time…” He said nervously.
Evelina sighed and let him in.
Samuel breathed a sigh of relief. If he had faltered at any second his mother would have pressed him harder, to the point where he might have had to reveal everything that had happened. And Samuel knew that if he said anything about what had happened his mother would never allow him to leave the house again.
It wasn’t that Evelina was overprotective, but rather that Samuel needed protecting. Not only was he often shy and had difficulty communicating, but he had red eyes. Everybody in the town was used to Samuel and he wasn’t seen as special or evil in any way, but

########
Rank: 25
Score: 44.550545
Retrieved Text: Once, there was a little filly who loved her daddy very much. But then, one day, her daddy went away.
The little filly missed her daddy very much, and she became very sad when he didn't come back.
But she didn't cry. Instead, she decided that she had to go out and find her daddy. So she left home to look for him.
She went to the pond and asked the ponies who cared for the fish if they had seen him. They hadn't.
She went to the mountain and asked the ponies there if they had seen him. But they hadn't.
Still she went, from the town to the forest to the meadows to the beach, asking if anypony had seen her father. But none of them had.
No matter where she looked or who she asked, she couldn't find her father.
She began to cry, and by chance (or probably not), an owl heard her.
"Why are you crying?" the owl asked.
The filly sniffed. "Because my daddy is missing and I can't find him. I've looked everywhere, from the pond to the mountain to the town to the meadow to the beach, and I can't find him."
The owl was silent. "Maybe," he said, tilting his head. "I can find him."
"You can?" The filly asked.
"But," said the owl. "I will want something in return."
"Good..." the owl said, flying away.
The filly heard a voice. It was her daddy. He came running after her.
"Where were you?" he asked. "I've been looking everywhere for you. I've been so worried."
The filly didn't ask any questions, but just

########
Rank: 26
Score: 44.303844
Retrieved Text: The Bone People is an unusual story of love. The differences are in the way of telling, the subject matter and the form of love that the story writes on. This is in no way a romance; it is rather filled with violence, fear and twisted emotions. At the story’s core, however, are three people who struggle very hard to figure out what love is and how to find it. The book is divided into two major sections, the first involving the characters interacting together, and the second half involving their individual travels.
In the first half, 7-year-old Simon shows up at the hermit Kerewin’s tower on a gloomy and stormy night. Simon is mute and thus is unable to explain his motives. When Simon’s adoptive father, Joe, arrives to pick him up in the morning, Kerewin gets to know their curious story. After a freak storm years earlier, Simon was found washed up on the beach with no memory and very few clues as to his identity. Despite Simon’s mysterious background, Joe and his wife Hana took the boy in. Later, Joe’s infant son and Hana both died, forcing Joe to bring the troubled and troublesome Simon up on his own.Pl. read more………….then click BELOW…………………..

########
Rank: 27
Score: 44.276474
Retrieved Text: This playlist is a dedication to the complicated and beautiful relationships of fathers and sons expressed through song. Here you'll find twelve of the best songs to describe a father and son relationship. The words to the songs are touching, and many of the songs you may already know well.
This page creation was inspired by a song/poem, and now Video Poem I wrote called "When a Son Loses his Father." It has since expanded from a theme focused on the loss of a father, to father and son related songs for multiple occasions.
As a mother of four sons, and a sister to two brothers, I can safely say, I understand a little bit about the relationship between a father and a son.
When all is said and done, and the problems are washed to the side, what's left are a father and his son standing face to face, with these six words summing it all up: "There is such beauty in it."
The song is a message from dad trying to help his son understand that the trials in life don't have to define him and that he'll be ok. He's encouraging him to be secure in the journey.
When he says to his son, "look at me, I am old, but I'm happy", that's the result of the journey he wants his son to comprehend. In the end, to keep yourself together and to know that first and foremost, hold onto inner peace.
The words are perfect blend of a sons reflection on how he is becoming more like

########
Rank: 28
Score: 44.191113
Retrieved Text: The Bone People is so many things I almost don't have words to explain it. Startling, almost fragmented prose weaves together the story of three fractured souls; each character isolated, yet increasingly bound to the others, like the islands of Hulme's native New Zealand. It's no wonder this sprawling, beautiful novel won Hulme the Booker prize.
In a tower on the New Zealand sea lives Kerewin Holmes, part Maori, part European, an artist estranged from her art, a woman in exile from her family. One night her solitude is disrupted by a visitora speechless, mercurial boy named Simon, who tries to steal from her and then repays her with his most precious possession. As Kerewin succumbs to Simon's feral charm, she also falls under the spell of his Maori foster father Joe, who rescued the boy from a shipwreck and now treats him with an unsettling mixture of tenderness and brutality. Out of this unorthodox trinity Keri Hulme has created what is at once a mystery, a love story, and an ambitious exploration of the zone where Maori and European New Zealand meet, clash, and sometimes merge.
Keri Hulme, a Maori, grew up in Christchurch and Moeraki, New Zealand. She writes, paints, and whitebaits in Okarito, Westland. Hulme has written poems and short stories; The Bone People, originally published by Spiral, a New Zealand feminist collective, is her first novel. She has also written Te Zaihau: The Windeater.
"This book is just amazingly, wondrously great."
"An original, overwhelming, near-great work of literature"

########
Rank: 29
Score: 44.047325
Retrieved Text: Paul Simon's most commercially successful album Graceland turns 30 this week. Led by the single "You Can Call Me Al", the album would win the Grammy Award for Album of the Year in 1987. The high memorable music video for the song featuring actor Chevy Chase also added to the popularity of Simon's album.
However, it wasn't the first music video that was shot for "You Can Call Me Al." According to Wikipedia, the original music video was a video monitor perspective of Simon's performance during his monologue on SNL. The replacement video was partly conceived by SNL creator Lorne Michaels and filmed by SNL director Gary Weis. Chase's lip-sync performance is still one of the most memorable celebrity cameos in music video history and was during a time when his comedic star was one of the brightest in Hollywood. It's been awhile since I've watch the video so this should be fun!
0:04 - Classic gag, both guys trying to enter the room at the same time.
0:09 - I forgot how much taller Chase is compared to Simon. I quick Google search tells me Chase over a foot taller at 6' 4" while Simon is just 5' 3"!
0:33 - Excuse me while I move this Conga drum.
0:45 - I forgot that Simon does actually lip sync the backup vocals. I was thinking he just played instruments and looked annoyed at Chevy singing his song. Speaking of which, I wonder if they gave Chevy cue cards or maybe gave him a tape a couple days prior to familiarize

================



======= Instance Index 5367 =========
Input Text: Two basketball teams were on the court playing ball. The first team had over 100 points while the second team trailed by more than 50. It was almost certain that the second team would do what to the game?
Choose the most suitable option to answer the above question.
Options:
- competition
- lose
- throwing
- having fun
- running

Target Text: lose

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 54.685783
Retrieved Text: Basketball is the sport played on the rectangular court which as basket at the two ends of the court. The basketball is played between two teams each team as five players. To score points, the players must shoot the ball to the basket. The winning team is decided based on the number of point is scored within a time limit. The players play in the rectangular court and make a goal by shooting the ball into the basket. The five players are chosen for each team based on their strategy. The first player is known as point guard who is fastest player among the team and control the ball. The second player is called as shooting guard mainly long ranged player and guards the opponents. The third player is called as small forward plays actively and score points. The fourth player s called as power forward often plays with their back to the basket. The fifth player is called as centre uses height and size to score the points and also protect the ball from the opponent team.
The equipment used to play the game is basketball ball, basketball count and basketball basket. The basketball ball is spherical in shape. The basketball ball is made up of rubber bladed a wrapped in the layers of fiber. It is either covered with leather, rubber or synthetic material. There are many basketballs manufacturing company they are Spalding, molten, Wilson, Rawling and Nike. Splading is the first manufacturing company to produce basketball ball. The basketball court is rectangular court made

########
Rank: 1
Score: 53.324802
Retrieved Text: Warwick, R.I. – January 16, 2015: the CCRI Lady Knights basketball team hosted the 2015 CCRI Basketball Invitational over the weekend. In their first game they played the Cougars of Genesee Community College from Batavia, NY. The Lady Knights defeated the Cougars 77-62. With the victory the Lady Knights improve to 4-13* on the season (*recently CCRI had to adjust their win/loss record because of two forfeits they accrued from first semester).
The Lady Knights played one of their best games of the season on Saturday versus the Cougars of Genesee. All six Lady Knights' players made it into the scoring columns as they played tremendous team defense while also sharing the ball on offense which led to the victory. Both teams traded baskets with Genesee taking a slim 8-7 lead on a 3-pointer from Elsa Anderson. From there Tri-Captain Jesse Ossian (Chandler, AZ) and freshman Lyric Artis (Albany, NY) led the Lady Knights on a 33-12 run to close out the half. Ossian sank four first half 3-pointers to lead CCRI with 14 first half points while freshman Artis added 11 first half points including two 3-pointers herself. In the second half the Lady Knights kept playing great team basketball to secure the 77-62 victory.
Leading the way for the Lady Knights was Lyric Artis with 24 points and five rebounds and Tri-captain Jesse Ossian added 21 points including a game-high six 3-pointers with two assists and took a charge that helped change the momentum of the game in the first half. Ossian and Artis They were

########
Rank: 2
Score: 53.204582
Retrieved Text: LONDON – The United States Women’s and Men’s Senior National Basketball teams have proven that the round ball is truly American’s game. In spited of the fact international men’s teams had over 20 players presently playing in the NBA, as opposed to the 1992 Dream Team having only 6 NBA players were on their international teams.
The USA Basketball foundation and organization is now firmly planted on solid ground and during the 2012 Olympic Games it once again proved that the best basketball in the world is played every year right here in the NBA.
The linchpin behind the USA Men’s resurgence has been the inclusion of Jerry Colangelo as the Managing Director of USA Basketball Senior National team in 2005. He promptly hired Duke coach Mike Krzyzewski.
USA Women win 5th consecutive gold medal at the Olympic Games. Gary Montgomery photoColangelo has confidently rebuilt the program from the bottom up. Obtaining the involvement of the NBA’s top players (Kobe Bryant, Carmelo Anthony and LeBron James) and naming Duke University’s Hall of Fame mentor Mike Krzyzewski as the USA National Team head coach.
In the 2004 Olympics the USA Men earned a bronze medal and in the 2006 FIBA World Championships the US Men earned another bronze.
Through the solidifying efforts of Colangelo and Krzyzewski along with the commitments of Anthony and James, and, the wooing of Bryant in 2007, the foundation of USA Men’s Basketball is entrenched.
In the 2012 Olympic Games Final, a rematch with Spain, young upstart Kevin Durant scored 30 points in a contest that featured 16 lead

########
Rank: 3
Score: 53.112347
Retrieved Text: The team wasn’t the same and the numbers weren’t the same.
With Lincoln’s girls basketball team graduating five seniors from a regional final team that went 22-2 and reached the Class 8A state tournament for the first time, the reins of the program were firmly handed over to Lincoln sophomore Erin Turral.
Turral, who was the All-Big Bend Player of the Year as a freshman while leading the state in scoring at 29 points per game, only had her twin sister’s returning experience to help her.
Then five games in, Erica Turral tore her ACL, leaving Erin as the explosive, experienced player of a brand new, inexperienced group.
Yet Turral upped her average to 34.4 points per game, scored an area-record 60 points during a December game, and had 12 games of 40 or more points. Included is five straight games at the end of the regular season and three games in the postseason while leading the Trojans back to the regional finals and surprisingly close to reaching state again.
For the second straight season, Turral is the All-Big Bend Player of the Year in girls basketball.
With every opposing coach and player focused squarely on stopping Turral, she still managed to torch defenses. Man-to-man, full deny, 3-2 zone, box-and-1, triangle-and-2 – she succeeded against them all.
Turral was also named the Dairy Farmers Class 8A Player of the Year for the second straight season. Of her 27 games, in only one game did she score below 20 points – a tournament defeat to the No. 2 team in Tennessee, Riverdale (31-2).
She followed

########
Rank: 4
Score: 52.82755
Retrieved Text: On LeBron James, Statistics, and the 2015 NBA Finals — Neil S. Oatsvall, Ph.D.
Wednesday, 17 June was the saddest day of 2015 for me—no more basketball until NCAA and NBA seasons start back in the fall. To get me out of my post-basketball doldrums I wanted to do a blog post on the 2015 NBA Finals.
Because his All-Star teammates Kyrie Irving and Kevin Love (not to mention Anderson Verajao) mostly did not play in the Finals series due to injuries (Irving played most of game 1 while below 100% healthy and left in overtime with a broken kneecap), James was forced to take on an incredibly high workload. He did his best to “carry” his team to a championship. Even though he lost, I think his play deserves a deeper look.
ESPN noted on its stats Twitter page (@ESPNStatsInfo) that James was the first player in NBA history to lead the Finals series in points, rebounds, and assists. He averaged 35.8 points, 13.3 rebounds, and 8.8 assists—nearly a triple double average!
Moreover, James put up those numbers against arguably one of the best NBA teams of all time. The numbers gurus at Nate Silver’s 538 Sports have a rating system called Elo (borrowed from chess), and the 2015 Golden State Warriors (the opponent of James’ Cleveland Cavaliers) ended up with an 1822 Elo rating. That’s the second highest team Elo score in NBA history behind Michael Jordan’s record 72-win 1996 Chicago Bulls (team Elo of 1853).
And it is not like top-notch talent surrounded James either. 538 Sports ranked

########
Rank: 5
Score: 52.519817
Retrieved Text: Its been five weeks(12 December 2016) since the JUCO Coaches were asked to vote on their top basketball picks in So Cal. Since that time a lot of basketball games have been played.
The two ranked teams who will be playing tonight; #11 Cerritos and AVC #13 have had a good five weeks.
#13 AVC (6-1)(12-6) Chabot Tournament 3rd place; MiraCosta Tournament Champion.
Tomorrow’s game at Antelope Valley against Cerritos College is a perfect example of why I love JUCO basketball. Two ranked teams(don’t know the rankings as its been 5 weeks since they were posted by the JUCO Coaches…a life time in JUCO ball) these are well matched teams. How well matched?
AVC and Cerritos played 6 games against the same teams; Rio Hondo, MiraCosta, COC,, OCC, Ventura, Pierce. AVC lost and won against Ventura and Cerritos won 8 point. AVC and Cerritos both beat the other teams. Very balanced.
The stats below are from the CCCAA website.
Best shooting team in state(great shot selection) and nearly worst shooting free throws in state?(concentration)??? Crazy.
I follow a great professional photographer on her blog who lives in Wyoming on her ranch. All though I love all of her photo’s, her winter shots brings me back to my first 21 years in Minnesota. These are big tough pregnant angus cows who live all their lives in the brutal weather successfully with a little help from their owners.
The AVC basketball team have experienced one of the coldest winters here and I even came down with a virus. Had my flu shot, my pneumonia shots and

########
Rank: 6
Score: 52.079113
Retrieved Text: The men’s basketball team poses for a picture in front of the Duomo di Milano. Both basketball teams handily defeated the Italian competition.
Most Ivy League basketball teams start their seasons in late autumn before playing their first competitive games in November.
For the men’s and women’s basketball teams, the return to the hardwood came much sooner: Both teams, accompanied by their coaching staffs and team managers, traveled to Italy for 10 days at the end of August for four games of competitive basketball, incredible sights and copious amounts of gelato.
In preparation for the trip, the men’s team set several goals for its time abroad.
But first, the men’s team boarded a bus for Newark, New Jersey.
In Newark, the squad hopped on an eight-hour flight to Milan. While a few players managed to get some rest, others struggled to get comfortable on the plane. The latter group included the 6-foot-9 Kuakumensah. The forward said he found it frustrating as passengers reclined back onto his legs, giving him little space to get comfortable during the lengthy voyage. But the discomfort proved to be a minor grievance when the team finally touched down in Italy.
According to the team’s blog, on which several players chronicled the trip, the Bears’ first day in Italy was similar to many others during the 10-day trip — filled with sightseeing and pizza.
After some much needed rest, the team awoke on its second day to its first taste of international competition. Before the game, the squad first faced another lengthy bus ride. With the Alps framing the

########
Rank: 7
Score: 51.699356
Retrieved Text: SOUTH BEND, Ind. -- A game after getting her 900th career coaching victory, Muffet McGraw thought defending NCAA champion Notre Dame played its best game of the season in its Atlantic Coast Conference opener against Pittsburgh.
"The best game we've played the whole year," McGraw said after Marina Mabrey scored 20 points and Arike Ogunbowale had 18 to lift the second-ranked Fighting Irish over the Panthers 100-44 on Thursday night for their sixth straight victory.
"I was thrilled with that ... especially in the first half," said McGraw, whose Irish beat Lehigh on Sunday to allow the Naismith Hall of Fame coach to become the fourth fastest women's basketball coach to 900 victories. "We played great defense, really moved the ball on offense, (had) a lot of assists -- just some really, really aggressive play."
The Fighting Irish (13-1) rolled in their sixth ACC opener. Ogunbowale reached double figures for her 35th straight game, and Mabrey added seven assists, all in the first half. Notre Dame used two 21-0 runs in the first and second quarters to lead 60-14 at halftime and reached 100 or more points for the fifth time this season.
"I was happy I could find my teammates inside because that's our first initial look," Mabrey said, "and also my teammates are finding me. I'm just trying to be a presence on the floor to lead the team."
Jackie Young had 16 points to become Notre Dame's fifth starter with 1,000 or more points. Young played 20 minutes and hit 6-of-9 shots and had six rebounds with two

########
Rank: 8
Score: 51.44579
Retrieved Text: This one could have gone either way in terms of who wanted more.
However, in the end Shasta’s varsity girls basketball team prevailed for a 60-55 win over Corning’s Lady Cardinals in the first round of the Red Bluff Daily News Holiday Classic on Wednesday.
With quick court tempo, precision passing, and good transition offense coming from both teams, Corning lost this one in the fourth quarter as they were unable to break through Shasta’s pressure defense.
Early on it also looked like Corning would have trouble netting points against a very talented and offensive-minded Shasta team.
Unable to match up with the size and speed of the Wolves in the first quarter, the Lady Cards got an offensive lift from point guard Regan Albee as she hit a buzzer beating three-point at the end of the first quarter.
Trailing 20-13 going into the second, the Lady Cards were then outscored 19-9 as they had trouble keeping the Wolves away from the foul line.
Both teams ended the half with eight team fouls apiece, but it was Shasta who took advantage of their freethrows and stayed both consistent and icy at the line, while hitting their mid-range game with a lot of accuracy.
But the Cards stormed back in the third quarter as they roughed up the Wolves with their own stingy brand of Cardinal defense, stealing the ball with bravado while forcing turnovers that led to easy baskets.
Corning went on to outscore Shasta 21-10 in the third and only trailed 49-45 as they headed into the final quarter of play.
The Lady Cards

########
Rank: 9
Score: 51.069206
Retrieved Text: Volleyball rules for dummies includes how to play and win.
The goal of the game is to be the first to score 25 points. Sometimes games are shorter, for example, in club volleyball often the game starts at 4-4, play to 25 points (win by 2).
Games are referred to as sets.
A match consists of the best 2 of 3 sets.
Sometimes teams will play best of 5 (team to win 3 sets first wins the match).
The deciding set is often played to 15 points. For this deciding set, the teams switch sides of the court half-way through the set (first team to score 8 points switch).
In volleyball, it is a violation to catch or throw the ball. Basically, the referee judges the length of contact... if there is prolonged contact, then the referee could blow the whistle and call an illegal catch or throw.
It's illegal for the same player to contact the ball two consecutive times in a row (except on the teams first team contact).
Each player must contact the ball within their own playing space. Players can't reach into the opponents space to make the play (unless while blocking).
And players can't attack the ball when the ball is completely on the opponents side of the net.
1) After all 3 contacts.
2) After the first or second contact and no player is there to make a play on the ball.
3) After the first or second contact, the ball is falling near the net, the ball isn't going over, but there isn't a player there to play it.
4) In the

########
Rank: 10
Score: 50.80266
Retrieved Text: The Ball boys made their Lithuanian basketball debut. Here's what you need to know.
If you're anything like me, then you're constantly trying to stay up on what's happening in Lithuanian basketball. I mean sure, it's one thing to follow all the big games. I mean sure, we all spend our time watching BC Žalgiris. But the other teams? The ones who aren't winning the LKL championship every year? It's tough to stay up to date. But that's why I'm here to help you. Yesterday, Vytautas finally got to debut their two new stars: LiAngelo and LaMelo Ball.
The guys played in a "game" that was part of a "series" called the "Big Baller Brand Challenge." I use quotes because it was less a game and more a scrimmage between the Vytautas squad and a team that looked like it was made up of children. And by children, I mean ones that looked even younger than the Ball boys.
That's because the Ball boys were playing against Lithuanian powerhouse Žalgiris' junior team. And considering they were playing against other 16 and 17 year olds, the Balls looked... Fine. LaMelo had 10 points and nine assists and LiAngelo ended up with 19 with Vytautas winning 90-80.
The big takeaway? The whole thing was a joke. I mean it was technically a professional basketball game, but in reality? It was little more than a stacked high school basketball game where the Ball boys had 20-somethings on their team and the other team was all kids. On top of that, it was a

########
Rank: 11
Score: 50.516144
Retrieved Text: The Oregon West League proved to be the toughest league in the state, and as a result there were many good players throughout the league, and all-league voting was tough, so tough in fact, that the league voted to expand the voting.
Senior Zach Anderson was a first-team selection, and senior Jack Berg earned second-team all-league. Zach averaged 11 points and six rebounds per game, while Jack averaged 12 points, six rebounds, and six assists.
Noah Richards, Ryan Waddell, and Brad Eagan were all honorable mention and were added later. Noah averaged nine points, three rebounds, and three assists per game. Ryan averaged eight points and five rebounds, and Brad averaged four points and four assists per game.
Coach Rand Runco said, "Really, all six of our top players deserved mention. Those six seniors played almost 100 percent of the games and did an amazing job! They got third in our league and made it to state. This was an unusual team in which six players played so well together and were a true unit.
"Two of our league losses this year were when two of those seniors were out," added Runco. "Jude Carhart was also a key player for us and wasn't mentioned. He contributed big plays in games and had three steals almost every game."
Runco told The Nugget it was one of his most enjoyable seasons as a coach. He stated that his players were great kids with great parents and he will miss them.
"These guys gave everything they had, and had each-others and the coaches backs at

########
Rank: 12
Score: 50.43397
Retrieved Text: Originally Published: November 23, 2007 12:01 a.m.
The Mingus girls basketball team defeated the visiting Sedona Scorpions Monday night in the Marauders' season opener. The win, 58-45 is the second time in two years that Mingus has welcomed the Scorpions to Cottonwood and sent them home with a loss.
The Marauders didn't come out strong, with the young team taking some time to make adjustments. Sedona outscored the Marauders 6-5 in the first quarter. The second quarter went Sedona's way as well as they extended their lead over Mingus, 23-17 by halftime.
At half though, coach Will Rider and his team made the proper adjustments, settled down and started playing smart basketball.
In the third quarter, the Marauders outscored the Scorpions, 21-12 and took over the lead, 38-35. It all came down to the final quarter and the Marauders, on fire, continued to dominate the game and scored 20 points to Sedona's 10 and won the game by 13 points.
"We had all these new bodies that we're trying to get acclimated to new positions," said coach Rider. "It took a while to get our feet from under us. We had some player adjustments that needed to be made."
Junior Christina Hagberg led the Marauders with 15 points, followed by sophomore Rachael Libby with 10 points off of the bench. Kelsey Wokasch and Heather Rux both scored nine points.
"They did a nice job of hanging in there and playing well," said coach Rider. "What was working for Sedona in the first half, we shut them down in the second half. They had

########
Rank: 13
Score: 49.76279
Retrieved Text: High School sports resumed action Thursday after weather delayed events across the area.
The Pleasant Ridge Rams and Lansing Lions girls’ basketball teams got their first-round games in for their tournaments Thursday night after both games were delayed twice due to the weather Tuesday and Wednesday.
The Rams traveled to Jefferson County North to take on Oskaloosa.
The Rams jumped out early, going up 20-11 after the first quarter and led 36-27 at halftime.
Pleasant Ridge had a strong third quarter, outscoring Oskaloosa 27-10 to have a commanding 63-37 advantage entering the final quarter before cruising to a 77-53 win.
The Rams were led by Lindsey Heim with 16 points. Three other Rams were in double figures. Julie Miller scored 14 and Gabbi Watkins and Kaija Nutsch each scored 12.
Rams head coach Mike Koontz said the team shot well but needs to take care of the ball better.
The Rams continued the tournament Friday night against Atchison County. The Tigers defeated Rossville Thursday night 45-29.
Koontz said there are advantages and disadvantages with playing consecutive nights.
The Lansing Lions girls’ basketball team also got their tournament game in after delays at the Wellsville tournament. The Lions faced Spring Hill, which previously beat the Lions 50-33 on Dec. 7.
The Lions bounced back and defeated Spring Hill 77-55.
Lansing had four players score at least nine points. Taylor Lang and Sam Caldwell led the team with 12. Caroline Crawford added 11. Crawford also rebounded the ball 13 times. Gerenda Smith and Caitlin Bishop each scored nine.
Head coach KC Simmons said it was a good win thanks to

########
Rank: 14
Score: 49.75242
Retrieved Text: Forty-five years after Dr. James Naismith invented basketball in Springfield, Massachusetts, the game took its first step toward becoming one of the world's most popular sports. Basketball became an official medal sport at the '36 Olympics.
The first USA Olympic Trials were held in April 1936 at the famed Madison Square Gardens in New York. Invited to the trials were the top two teams from the national AAU championship, the winner of the YMCA nationals and five college district champions. The trials were a replay of the national AAU tournament as the McPherson Globe Refiners (Kan.) and Universal Pictures (Hollywood, Calif.) played in the Trials championship game. This time, Universal edged the AAU champion Refiners 44-43. Selected for the 14-member U.S. Olympic team were seven members of the Universal team, six players from the McPherson Globe Refiners, and one collegian.
Setting sail for Europe July 15, on the S. S. Manhattan, upon arrival, the U.S. team was informed of rule changes made more than two years prior. At a FIBA meeting, with no U.S. representatives attending, rules were approved that abolished the three-second rule, limited each team to seven players a game, and designated outdoor facilities as the official playing court. U.S. head coach Jim Needles reluctantly accepted the rules and divided the team into two seven-man units, one featured the six McPherson Globe Refiners and the one collegian, Ralph Bishop, the other featured the seven Universal players. Each unit alternated playing the games. A rule banning players over 6'2' was rescinded only after the U.S. complained.
Spain was

########
Rank: 15
Score: 49.58941
Retrieved Text: Volleyball is a famous ball game that was played in court and there were six players out of six teams. A ball hits the net and the goal is to score points against the opponent's team grounding the ball. Each team has only three contacts with the ball before it gets to the other side. The height of the net is 6 feet 6 inches. However, it could be reduced if the game was played by children.
A William MORG physical instructor created the Mintonette game in 1895. Older members of the YMCA needed a skill and no strength. James Naismith's girlfriend played a prominent role in the history of basketball, with the idea that her net is slightly overhead without much jumping.
Originally the Mintonette was the original name Morgan gave him for the badge, and this game had an impact on the rules of volleyball. The name, however, was not too catchy. The viewer at the time, Alfred Halstead, noticed that many volleys were in court, and his name was shortlisted for the name Volley Ball. Later his name was tied to volleyball.
The North American YMCA Athletics League published the first formal rules of Volleyball in 1897. After publishing the rules, it quickly succeeded. In the same year, Spalding made a ball with a rubber inside the basketball, later redesigned, weighing 8 to 10 ounces, its perimeter was 26 centimeters. The game quickly spread to the US, and in 1905, 1905, Japan and the Philippines played in Cuba in 1905 and 1905.
The rules of the game

########
Rank: 16
Score: 49.5236
Retrieved Text: Ice Cube’s Big 3 Finale Rocks Atlanta with Plenty of Stars on Hand – Photos + Details Here!
The Infinite Arena was rocking on August 10th when Ice Cube’s Big 3 came to the Atlanta area. The energy was at a high level throughout the night as over 11,000 attendees filled the arena to capacity.
2 Chainz, Wale, Jermaine Dupri, The Brat, DC Young Fly, and Katt Williams came out to support Ice Cube’s 3 on 3 basketball venture in it’s second season and the first time in Atlanta.
The games wasn’t bad themselves with six teams made up of former NBA stars balling just as hard as if they were still playing in the league. Each team plays a 3 on 3 half court game until the first team who score 50 points, and is considered the winner.
The top team Power, led by Corey Maggette, locked in the top playoff seed by defeating The Ball Hogs 50-40. Other notable teams in the Big 3 are Killer 3’s led by Stephen Jackson and Tri-State led by NBA Slam Dunk Champion Nate Robinson.
Next up for the Big 3 is the playoffs in Dallas on August 17th and the Championships in Brooklyn on August 24th. All games are televised live on FOX at 8PM.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 49.47765
Retrieved Text: MUNCIE, Ind. — It was a busy Thursday in local girls basketball, and five East Central Indiana teams came away with wins.
Central raced out to a big lead and defeated Indianapolis Tech 65-16. It was the Bearcats' first victory of the season.
Wapahani beat Cambridge City Lincoln 54-35 and moved to 6-1 on the season. Sydney Cook scored 15 points, Dayten Lee had 14 and Madison Thompson 12 for the Raiders. Lexi Humbert chipped in eight points.
Monroe Central improved to 4-1 with a 64-38 win over Union City. Hannah Bolton led three Golden Bears in double figures with 19 points, followed by Gabby Beckham with 14 and Jordyn Barga 12.
New Castle edged Jay County 51-47 at home. Cameron Tabor just missed a triple-double, recording 17 points, 11 rebounds and eight assists. Laila Smith added 12 points and eight rebounds, and Cloie York scored 10 points.
Blackford defeated Wes-Del 51-34 for its first win of the season. Jaycie Sones paced the Bruins with 16 points, five rebounds and four assists. Helen Whitesell added 11 points and seven rebounds, while Erin Cagle pulled down a team-high 11 boards.
Jay County's girls team won 185-107 over Anderson to improve to 2-0 on the season. Winners included the 200 medley relay team of Eliza Bader, Vivienne Kunkler, Rieley Brewster and Ashlyn Dow (1:58.88), Kunkler in the 200 free (2:15.57) and 100 breast (1:11.54), Dow in the 200 individual medley (2:24.00), Bader in the 50 free (25.75) and 100 free (58.26), Emily Dues in diving (154.80) and the 400 free relay team of Bader,

########
Rank: 18
Score: 49.460938
Retrieved Text: The state-ranked Coalers (34-2) dominated the conference wrestling tournament Monday with every team member placing. In the end the Coalers out-distanced the second place team by 107 points.
Coal City tallied 286 points to finish first. Following them were Sandwich (179), Willmington (154.50), Lisle (125) and Peotone (89). Reed-Custer came in 10th with 28 points.
After the close win over Westmont in the opening round of the I-8 Tournament, the Lady Coalers were unable to get past Plano Monday to advance, losing 55-45.
On Friday the wrestling Coalers improved to 32-2 to set a new school record for wins in a season.
It was no contest as Petersburg (PORTA) got their points from two pins but while the Coalers showed why they’re one of the toughest teams in the state, putting together a dominating performance. They had six pins, four forfeits and two major decisions to provide them with the firepower needed.
The Coal City girls played two high caliber teams Saturday, walking away 1-1. Their loss was 46-26 to Marian Catholic, who scored early and often.
The Lady Coalers (7-13, 3-6) were held to just eight points in the first half as Marian Catholic went on a 25-8 run to build a lead.
They extended their advantage in the third quarter, outscoring the Coalers, 14-10.
The Lady Coalers outscored Marian Catholic in the fourth quarter but at that point, it was too late.
The Coal City basketball team downed Peotone 66-56, thanks to a third quarter rally that got the game back under wraps for Coal City after they trailed for most of the

########
Rank: 19
Score: 49.371292
Retrieved Text: Three Vidor Pirate basketball players were named to the 2019 District 21-5A All-District basketball team recently. From left to right. Hunter Messina received honorable mention honors, Gage Galloway was named to the 2nd Team All-District and Gavin Jarrell was named to the 1st team All-District.
Three Vidor Pirates have been named to the District 21-5A All-District basketball team according to Vidor Head Boys Basketball Coach Nate Smith.
Senior Gavin Jarrell, a 6-1 shooting guard/ point guard was named to the District 21-5A First Team All-District.
Gavin Jarrell averaged 18.7 points, 4 rebounds, 2 assists and 1.5 steals per game this season.
Pirate first baseman Dylan Van Metre stretches for the ball as a LCM Bear is held on base.
It was a breezy, damp, and chilly evening as the 2019 baseball season kicked off Monday night in Vidor with the varsity Vidor Pirates hosting the LCM Bears. Cory Kizer started off on the mound for the Pirates while Anthony Bandiero got the call for the Bears.
After one inning, the Bears held a 2-1 lead over the Pirates, who tied the game 2-2 in the second. After two scoreless innings, the Bears found their groove, scoring three runs in top of the fifth and four more in the top of the sixth to win the game 9-2. Kizer took the loss for the Pirates after going 4.1 innings for the Pirates. Coach Jeremy Gray turned to the bullpen, giving four Pirate pitchers some game experience. Taking the mound in turn for the Pirates were Dylan Van Metre, Logan Ratliff, Tyler Boyett and

########
Rank: 20
Score: 49.352684
Retrieved Text: (Winthrop, Mass.) The Great Northeast Athletic Conference unveiled their annual Women's Basketball All-Conference teams and major award winners this afternoon as two Rivier University seniors have been selected to the All-Conference teams. Seniors Caitlyn Perry (Nashua, N.H.) and Savanna Butterfield (Londonderry, N.H.) were both tabbed to the Conference's Second Team while Butterfield was named the GNAC's Defensive Player of the Year.
Butterfield was dominating all season for the Raiders, despite playing most of the second half with an injury to her shooting hand. The former GNAC Rookie of the Year in 2014 swatted away 61 shots in 2016-17 while averaging 9.8 rebounds per game. She also recorded 48 steals and scored 11.3 points per game. Butterfield became the first Rivier Women's Basketball student-athlete to record a triple-double when she registered 16 points, 13 rebounds and 10 assists in the team's 70-64 win over Anna Maria on December 3rd. She followed that effort with another triple-double on February 4th in Rivier's 76-54 win over Lasell. Butterfield netted 11 points, 13 rebounds and 12 assists that afternoon and she also recorded eight other double-doubles on the season. This is the third consecutive year that Butterfield was named the GNAC All-Conference team as she garnered third team selections in 2015 & 2016.
Perry was selected to her first All-Conference team as she was tabbed a Second Team member in 2017. The veteran point guard finished with 16 points per game, second on the team to sophomore Kaylee Kacavas' (Dracut, Mass.) 16.2 ppg, for a total of 335 points. She also stepped

########
Rank: 21
Score: 49.28384
Retrieved Text: Sophomore Kenya Earl is an absolute superstar. Number 34 on the court, a forward from Iowa City, Iowa has been dazzling the Lawrence community from the first day she set foot on the court. Earl is a lot like everyone else you know, loving naps and Netflix in her down time, but the difference lies in her basketball skillset. Earl has received Midwest Conference Player of the Week, Viking of the Week and many more admirable awards voted on by the community. Kenya Earl averages 17.4 points per game, 8.6 rebounds per game, has a 36 three-point percentage and is shooting 82.6 percent from the line. While the women’s basketball season has not been what the team was shooting for, Earl has nothing but positive things to say about her team and her basketball experience.
Last Saturday, the Vikings travelled to Ripon College to face the Red Hawks for the second time this season. They took the loss, with a final score of 63-51, but Earl stayed positive. “I thought we played pretty well. They’re the top, number one team in the conference and we hung with them for the majority of the game. So, I’m pretty proud of us. It was exciting to see us play hard throughout the entire game.” While their record may not reflect it, this team has taken big strides from where they started this season. Constant improvement is obvious from the perspective of a spectator.
Earl has had a long career, and still has two collegiate seasons left to play. “I’ve been

########
Rank: 22
Score: 49.281113
Retrieved Text: What is Basketball? It is a team game in which all players work together to bounce a ball down the length of a court and throw it in the basket. In basketball, two teams of five players plays on a rectangular court. All the players participate to score points by successfully throwing the ball through the nets that hang from hoops at both the ends of the court. A team can score a goal by throwing the ball through the basket during regular play. if the player shoots from behind the three-point line then the field goal can scores three points for the shooting team, and if shot from in front of the line two points can be scored. A team can also score via free throws, which will be counted asone point, in the end, the team with the highest points wins the game, but if the match tied at the end additional time will be given.
Basketball was introduced in December 1891 by Canadian James W. Naismith. He was an instructor at the YMCA Training School in Massachusetts, He contrive 13 rules, some of which are still applied. In 1893, the first women’s game was played in Northampton, Massachusetts, USA at the Smith College.
Originally, basketball was played with peach baskets and balls, a hole was drilled into the bottom of the basket allowing the balls to be poked out with a long rod. After few years metal hoops with backboards replaced the peach baskets.
The word was originated from French language “allez-hop!” the alley-oopaccredit to a

########
Rank: 23
Score: 49.191204
Retrieved Text: As the only senior on the women's basketball team, Fanni Szabo '17 has taken a leadership role both on and off the court.
The women’s basketball team has an unusually young roster with just one senior, Fanni Szabo ’17, and six freshmen. As a result, Szabo has been thrust into a leadership role both on and off the court. In the team’s game two weeks ago against Harvard University, a 70-65 loss on the road, Szabo demonstrated her leadership and integral role on the team as she led the Big Green in scoring with 16 points, while playing all 40 minutes.
Szabo, who is originally from Budapest, Hungary and has represented her home country on the national stage, was not the only recruited player in her class. However, for a variety of reasons, the other players are no longer on the varsity team.
For Szabo, having her teammates look up to her and helping them along the way is rewarding, independent of their play on the court.
Head coach Belle Koclanes has coached Szabo throughout her four years at Dartmouth. According to Koclanes, Szabo’s college basketball decision came down to Dartmouth and Ohio State University.
Szabo has spent some time at the College dealing with injuries, partially as a result of playing the full year with both Dartmouth and Hungarian national teams. Despite her injuries, Szabo continues to be an offensive force for the Big Green.
Szabo is still one of Dartmouth’s leading scoring options, averaging 8.9 points per game this season,but she has expanded her game to focus on passing and

########
Rank: 24
Score: 49.104202
Retrieved Text: While it's been a relatively quiet season for Dwight Howard, a matchup against the Orlando Magic could be just what he needs to get going.
A confrontation with an intense adversary apparently wasn't enough.
Howard tries to continue his success against his former team as the visiting Houston Rockets go for a fifth consecutive win over the Magic on Wednesday night.
After battling a slew of injures over the past few years, Howard is averaging 16.8 points for his lowest mark since posting 15.8 per game in his second season with Orlando in 2005-06. The eight-time All-Star is averaging 24.8 points and 16.5 rebounds in four meetings against Orlando since getting traded by the Magic to the Lakers in August 2012. Houston has averaged 107.0 points during its four-game winning streak in the series.
The surging Rockets (27-11) have also won four straight overall after opening a two-game trek with Monday's 113-99 victory over Brooklyn. James Harden scored 30 points as Houston shot 16 of 40 from 3-point range, but Howard finished with eight for the second consecutive game after getting into it with Kevin Garnett.
Garnett was ejected in the first quarter after head-butting Howard in the face and throwing the ball at him, while Howard was hit with a technical foul after appearing to punch or slap Garnett in the neck. Howard was later fined $15,000 but escaped without suspension.
"As long as we win the game, that's all that matters," said Howard, who shot just 3 of 9. "We've got 82 games and the playoffs. I'll do my damage

########
Rank: 25
Score: 49.07089
Retrieved Text: No Erik Murphy. No Nate Lubick. No Jason Morris. No problem. That was the story of the day for the New England Playaz as they won their pool and advanced to the gold bracket despite the fact that three of their best players were in Atlanta for Adidas Nation.
While the Playaz got contributions from a variety of players on Saturday, it was Austin Carroll and Jordan Williams who led the way. While Carroll is known by many as a shooter, it was his ability to pass the basketball that stood out in the team’s opening game of the day against the Columbia Ravens of Maryland. His decision making was superb in the open floor as he found teammates for easy baskets and also got the rim and finished himself when the defense dared him to do so. His ability to make those around him better was equally apparent in the half-court set as he passed well out of the pick and roll and when quickly reversing the ball along the perimeter. For good measure, he also knocked down a couple of three-pointers in the second half. Although no stats were available, we would guess that he finished with a double-double of points and assists.
Williams was clearly the team’s leading scorer. He appeared light on his feet and very active on both ends of the floor. He was rebounding out of his area and finishing at a very high rate around the rim, including a two-handed dunk over top of a contesting defender plus the foul. Williams

########
Rank: 26
Score: 48.983025
Retrieved Text: In the first 10-Mile Tipoff, teams from Salisbury University and the University of Maryland Eastern Shore took the court, marking a new rivalry.
The Salisbury University men’s basketball team needed something to cheer for after a long month of frustration and uncertainty.
Former Sea Gulls’ coach Andy Sachs officially resigned from Salisbury following nearly a monthlong leave of absence, handing the keys to interim coach Brian McDermott.
Less than two weeks before its season opener, Salisbury took the court for the first ever “10-Mile Tipoff,” which matched up the men’s and women’s basketball teams from Salisbury and the University of Maryland Eastern Shore.
Though the event showcased four college programs from Delmarva, the proceeds went towards the newly formed Wicomico Youth Basketball League, designed to give young athletes an opportunity to play the game competitively from an early age.
Held at the Wicomico Youth & Civic Center on Thursday night, the “10-Mile Tipoff” presented a chance to help both programs and the community grow.
Salisbury's and UMES’s women’s teams took to the court to start the night, showcasing their lineups for the upcoming season.
MORE HOOPS: Governor's Challenge: Who's playing from Delmarva?
The Hawks were led by senior guard Ciani Byrom, who finished the first half with eight points, four assists and two steals.
Salisbury, a Division III program, held strong against UMES throughout the half, led by senior Kaylyn French, who recorded seven points and four rebounds in the first 20 minutes.
But a strong second half from the Hawks — led by double-digit scoring from Byrom, guard Keyera Eaton and forward Bairesha Gill-Miles —

########
Rank: 27
Score: 48.94882
Retrieved Text: The second round of the 2015/16 Euroleague season turned out to be an exciting and thrilling affair. If you were looking for upsets, games decided at the death, records being set and all the basketball drama you can think of, this was the week for you. We’ve only played two rounds of fixtures but there are only three teams left with a 100% record.
After two rounds of fixtures in Group A, we have the situation where all six teams are tied on a 1-1 record. There was only the one game in the group on Friday night, and it probably goes down as a surprise result.
This game featured an interesting opening quarter with two both teams battling for control but at the start of the second quarter, the hosts raced away with a 9-0 run. This put them into a lead that they never relinquished but it wasn’t until a 16-3 run in the fourth quarter that the French side could relax about the victory.
Kyle Weems was in excellent form in this game. He grabbed 22 points in total but with 12 of these 22 points coming in the last 11 minutes of the game, he made sure he was present when his team really needed him. Weems was assisted by Rodrigue Beaubois who provided 14 points in the win. Romeo Travis had an excellent debut for Strasbourg with 11 points while Mardy Collins also notched 11 points for the winners. The French side were also boosted by Vladimir Golubovic who offered 10 points and 7

########
Rank: 28
Score: 48.9429
Retrieved Text: Erin Saemrow ('21) chases down the University of Wisconsin-Stevens Point's Amber Baehman ('22) on Nov. 17.
The Luther Women’s and Men’s Basketball teams both began their 2018-19 seasons with one win and two losses.
The Women’s Basketball team dropped the first two games of the season at the University of Wisconsin-Stevens Point Tip-Off Tournament, losing to the University of Wisconsin-Whitewater 51-70 on Nov. 16 and Stevens Point 69-72 on Nov. 17. However, the women’s team came back with a 71-64 home victory against Gustavus Adolphus College on Saturday, Nov. 24.
Sarah Holtz (‘20) recorded a double-double against Whitewater with 13 points and 10 rebounds, while Laura Hamilton (‘20) and Madilyn Heinke (‘19) both scored eight points. Heinke and Holtz continued into the second game against Stevens Point leading Luther in scoring, with Heinke adding 20 points and Holtz adding 17 points.
Gage Thompson (’21) dribbles the ball against Bethany Lutheran on Nov. 17. Thompson led all scorers in this game with 22 points.
After the Tip-Off Tournament, Head Women’s Basketball Coach Amanda Bailey highlighted Heinke’s performances, who was named to the All-Tournament team.
In the third game against Gustavus, Hamilton was the highest-scoring Luther player with 17 points, while Holtz and Brittney Sjulstad (‘19) both had 10 points. Luther also held Gustavus to 32.8 percent from the field and forced 20 turnovers.
Going into the 2018-19 season, the women’s team was ranked number one in the American Rivers Conference Women’s Basketball Preseason Coaches’ Poll. According to Holtz, the team is excited to start the season and show that they are the best team

########
Rank: 29
Score: 48.873013
Retrieved Text: UNIVERSITY PARK, Texas – TCU met SMU in a basketball contest for the 193rd time Wednesday night in Moody Coliseum and came away with a 67-59 victory in the lowest scoring game of the season for both teams. The Horned Frogs came back from a halftime deficit to play a tremendous second half for the win. Defense was the key, as TCU held the Mustangs to just 24% shooting after intermission.
The official paid attendance was 5,929, the largest crowd at Moody Coliseum this season, though still fewer fans than the smallest crowd at Moody last season. They were loud and lively, and both teams were energized by the atmosphere.
The teams came out of the shoot playing hard and aggressive. Indeed they looked nervous. Both teams uncharacteristically turned the ball over early, and both uncharacteristically missed three point shots early. The teams combined to go 0-10 over the first 10 minutes from beyond the arc.
After those first 10 minutes, both teams settled down to play solid basketball. SMU finally began to pull away in what had been a back and forth game. The Mustangs twice pushed the lead out to 10 points, but saw the Horned Frogs cut the margin to six at halftime – 35-29.
TCU came out strong in the second half, tying the game at 44 and taking the lead for good at 49-47. The Frogs outshot SMU 50% to 24% in the second half to outscore the Mustangs 38-24 after intermission. The difference was especially noticeable at the three point line, where TCU made

================



======= Instance Index 2610 =========
Input Text: The person was glad that his father had helped him.   If his father wasn't there, he'd have been what?
Choose the most suitable option to answer the above question.
Options:
- regretful
- hatred
- downcast
- unhappy
- disappointed

Target Text: disappointed

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 54.65083
Retrieved Text: Desperate to fit in, Luke endures the confusion and teasing until he discovers an unlocked door to the outside, and a chance to understand what is really going on. But to take this chance -- to find out the secrets of Hendricks -- Luke will need to put aside his fears and discover a courage that a lifetime in hiding couldn't thwart.
Once again, best-selling author Margaret Peterson Haddix delights her fans with this spine-tingling account of an all-too-possible future. Among the Impostors is a worthy companion to Among the Hidden and a heart-stopping thriller in its own right.
Sometimes he whispered his real name in the dark, in the middle of the night.
"Luke. My name is Luke."
He was sure no one could hear. His roommates were all asleep, and even if they weren't, there was no way the sound of his name could travel even the short distance to the bed above or beside him. He was fairly certain there were no bugs on him or in his room. He'd looked. But even if he'd missed seeing a microphone hidden in a mattress button or carved into the headboard, how could a microphone pick up a whisper he could barely hear himself?
He was safe now. Lying in bed, wide awake while everyone else slept, he reassured himself of that fact constantly. But his heart pounded and his face went clammy with fear every time he rounded his lips for that "u" sound -- instead of the fake smile of the double "e" in Lee, the name he

########
Rank: 1
Score: 52.932087
Retrieved Text: Summary: Janus wasn't really a bad person. He just wasn't a good one either.
Notes: This was to be the intro to the next story in the series, but I couldn't make it transition well, so it gets its own drabble. Most of it was written (while tearing uncontrollably) following watching Hunger on thurs... but then RL intervened and I couldn't get it cleaned up until today. I'm not sure where it came from, or how, or what for, but... enjoy.
"My whole life has conspired to bring me to this place, and I can't despise my whole life."
It's somewhat ridiculous for him to even think for a number of reasons, the first of which is that Father has more likely than not been dead for the better part of ten millennia and rest of which are that the man who fathered him is not, was not, and never will be worthy of the love and attention Iohannes gave him.
But Iohannes loves his father. In the active, present tense.
Perhaps it has something to do with the fact that Father was never exactly around while he was growing up, and so this – this future; this After he's woken to, ten thousand years and more after he went into the cathedra, which is both so similar and so different to what came Before that he's still not certain what to make of it – seems like nothing more than another of his long absences. He's been out of stasis for eighteen months now, which is surely long enough for

########
Rank: 2
Score: 51.355694
Retrieved Text: Recently I was talking to my friend about the emotional roller-coaster he's been on over the past few years. Several years ago he found out that the man who raised him, wasn't his biological father. He also found out that his siblings and parents all knew and had been keeping this secret from him for over 33 years. He described to me his feelings of betrayal and confusion, of feeling disconnected from those closest to him. He felt that he had been robbed of the chance of getting to know and develop a bond with his "real" father. He went through a period of isolation from his family. Not knowing who to trust or rely on, he reached out to his biological dad for answers.
My friend was expecting his biological dad to have all the answers. How could you let another man raise your child? What are your family roots/background? Why didn't you try to see me or be with me all those years? My friend's biological father wasn't interested in answering questions because he had a few of his own. The biological father was more interested in knowing about my friend's "status"; "what have you accomplished in life?; what do you have;? what have you done?". It became apparent to my friend that his biological father was not the man he had hoped he would be; his character, values and morals were not similar to my friends'.
As I began to reflect on my friend's experience, I wondered what he would be like today if his

########
Rank: 3
Score: 51.062897
Retrieved Text: Shawn Jacobs is the ultimate ladies' man. But when a former classmate of his shows up in treacherous high heels and designer clothing, asking him to train her father's horse, Shawn knows it isn't just the wild horse that needs to be tamed.
"Mamas, don't let your babies grow up to be cowboys..." blared out of a sports car that roared past April St. Clair's sophisticated vehicle on the freeway. It was a Friday evening and she was on her way home from work. She glared after the Porsche, not upset simply because she knew she wouldn't be able to get the annoying tune out of her head for hours, but because the song so aptly summed up the crux of her life. She'd taken her mother's advice and become a "lawyer and such", yet she'd never totally been able to escape the cowboy life she'd grown up in.
I really should call Dad, visit him...but how can I ever get myself to go back to Fever? she asked herself guiltily as she took the exit toward her luxury Lubbock townhome. Escaping was hard enough fifteen years ago. How can I explain to him how impossible it is for me to go back there when most of my memories of that place are suffocatingly bad? And how can I ask him to forgive me for being such a rotten daughter, especially after the last time he was here?
April still cringed at the four-month-old memory of when her father had visited her the previous March. Out of nowhere, no

########
Rank: 4
Score: 50.84402
Retrieved Text: Featured Alternate and "Heartthrob of the Month"
her with an intensity she never noticed before, and he is certainly more charming than the last time they encountered each other. Was there always an alluring glint in his dark eyes? But the duke has a notoriously scandalous reputation, and Meriel will not let herself succumb.
Masquerading as the duke was not the simple solution Richard O'Neill had envisioned. When his ailing half-brother, the real duke, asked him to protect his young heir from a greedy enemy, Richard agreed. But he never thought he'd be attracted to the inquisitive governess, or that each moment in her ntoxicating presence would tempt him beyond all reason. And letting down his guard could prove dangerous…especially to Richard's own heart.
an equally wondrous love story, proving why she's a master of the genre."
Little Stephen opened the door, and to Meriel's satisfaction, he entered at a walk instead of a run. The room had long tall windows that cast sunshine across the floor. It took her a moment to see the duke's desk in a corner, surrounded by bookshelves and glass cabinets. The last time she'd met the man, he'd seemed very bored with the need to interview a mere governess. He'd been talkative, but so easily distracted by anything on the desk, or an everyday item he'd never noticed in the room before. He'd been only a man she needed to impress; titles had never overawed her. And then he'd been recently ill. She'd warned Stephen to be prepared for this.
But now something was different.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 49.882187
Retrieved Text: Written on 9 November 2007 in response to luckybrans' prompt of Angelina/Montague, featuring him choosing to go and fight with her at Hogwarts.
"It's your school, too, your world. Do you like what's happening at Hogwarts? Do you like what's happening in society? Do you think I should have to be on some list of people yours consider to be inferior?"
Angelina's questions were difficult to hear, and even more difficult to answer. For Montague, the world was working out exactly as it ought—to a point.
Miss you, he thought, staring at her picture.
The insipid witches his parents had been parading before him since he'd left Hogwarts had all been incredibly boring. Not having anything useful to do with his time—because of course he shouldn't have to work—had also become difficult. And he was worried about Angelina, about how they'd left things after he'd seen her before her match.
If the Dark Lord wins . . . .
Montague didn't believe his parents were evil, just lazy. The unpleasantness didn't affect them, so they didn't notice it. No one discussed politics in his house.
But politics isn't what we're talking about here. It's people. It's her.
No matter what Montague did, he couldn't forget Angelina, and he didn't like his life without her. Giving up the privileges of wealth to have her—he hadn't been certain he could do that. Now he wasn't so sure. Even seeing her for so brief a moment had made him feel more alive than he had in months.
But now it's more than wealth that I'd be giving up,

########
Rank: 6
Score: 49.418705
Retrieved Text: On behalf of Selleck Legal, PLLC posted in Fathers' Rights on Tuesday, June 13, 2017.
You would think a case of mistaken paternity would be easy enough to clear up -- especially now that genetic testing is relatively inexpensive and simple to obtain.
Unfortunately for men who are misidentified as fathers, it isn't always that simple -- some of the laws regarding paternity are antiquated when compared to the ability we now have to conclusively establish whether or not someone really is a certain child's father. Additionally, flaws in the system can be hard to combat -- especially if you're a lone voice proclaiming that you're innocent over a chorus of voices insisting that you aren't.
Take the case of one Michigan man who became the legal father of a child based on the word of a woman who filed for public assistance. In order to receive aid, she was required to name the father of her child so that he could be sued for support. For whatever reason, she named a man who was most definitely not the child's father.
The "default dad" might have had a chance to defend himself -- had he been properly notified of the lawsuit against him. A process server swore under oath that the man had been properly served -- which was a physical impossibility. The man, long since deemed a father by the court since he'd never shown up to protest the claim, had absolute proof he wasn't living at the address the process server listed. In fact, he'd been in jail.
Despite

########
Rank: 7
Score: 49.3683
Retrieved Text: David Langley knows how harsh life can be for a child who is different, but David's determination to protect Caleb brings David face to face with his greatest fear. Will the pain of rejection he faced as a boy follow him as a man?
Pastor David Langley understands six-year old Caleb Holsheyer -- what it feels like to be damaged and alone. His family killed in a fire, and his body severely burned, David grew up in an orphanage, ridiculed and shunned. He couldn’t let that be Caleb’s fate.
Except for Sadie Miller, the town spinster. In Sadie, David sees the answer to Caleb's needs. But Child Welfare doesn't agree, and demands other arrangements be found, or the boy be returned to the orphanage.
How do you destroy a child?
Take away all that he loves. Promise a new beginning. And just as he reaches to take hold, yank it from his grasp. That's what he was about to do.
After thirteen years as a minister, David should know how to comfort those in grief. But, for the life of him, he could think of no words to wrap around the news and ease its delivery.
I'm sorry, son. Your new family has changed their mind. You have no home after all.
One more loss for a child who'd lost everything; his mother, his father, his sister -- his arm.
David propped his elbows on the oak desk and buried his face in his hands. There had to be a better way. Something he could do!
He rubbed his weary eyes and looked to the

########
Rank: 8
Score: 48.806393
Retrieved Text: A tattoo dedicated to a loved one deserves special care. After all, you're not just getting the ink for yourself–you're getting it for them, too. So when Kirk Wallace, a Boston-based graphic designer, was hashing out his latest piece, he took pains to get things just right. Because he wasn't just sketching something that was going to take up permanent residence on his right bicep. He was designing a living tribute to his father, the man that taught him to draw in the first place.
The idea for the tattoo actually came from Wallace's father, Barry Michael, out of the blue one day last December. The elder Wallace had been diagnosed with cancer earlier that year, and though he'd spent months battling the raft of heart issues that followed, at the time the family was cautiously optimistic about his prognosis. The father and son were watching TV, when Dad suddenly said, "I think when I get better from all this I'd like to get a tattoo like yours on my forearm of crop circles, I think that'd be cool."
"I told him if he didn't, I would," Kirk recalls. And when his father passed away unexpectedly a few weeks later, he did just that.
The designer set out to work on the piece just days after the death. At the time, he says, it felt like nothing had ever been as important as seeing the project through. "I didn't feel pressured to do it, but I felt drawn to it," he says. His father had always had an insatiable

########
Rank: 9
Score: 48.692837
Retrieved Text: (Editors: Thomas Beller & Joanna Yas).
Tisa receives $500 and a trophy.
The boy said nothing, for he'd known the tar road against the leather soles of his shoes since he could remember, had grown used to the road's shimmer when the sun hit it, the way it whispered his father's footsteps as he arrived home from work, the idea that it might lead somewhere when that somewhere called for him one day.
Benjamin looked up at his father, and saw that he'd already gotten a sweat going, his face dark and slick beneath his sun hat even though the sun was still only rising at their backs. He followed the man's instructions, stuck his chest out, but not too much, for his father had laughed at him once when he'd overdone it, had tousled his hair and called him an everyday fool between a fit of laughter. His father wasn't usually the touching sort, and a touch of love was no less unsettling than a touch of anger, and he'd learned his lesson all the same.
They hadn't come far. Solomon's cabin was at the end of Mr. Grant's property, or what had been Mr. Grant's property, until he'd given the little slip near the overgrown forest over to Solomon to work on his own. Nowadays he only found himself at the big house once a week with news of the crop, a short conversation in the evening done standing at the front door as Mr. Grant nodded his head and occasionally picked the berry seeds from his wife's

########
Rank: 10
Score: 48.66594
Retrieved Text: Bruce Springsteen told Vanity Fair he has suffered from depression for 30 years, as did his late father Douglas Springsteen.
The 66-year-old rocker opened up to the magazine ahead of his biography "Born to Run" being released Sept. 27.
Springsteen said his dad, who died in 1998 at the age of 73, never told his son he loved him.
"The best you could get was '(I) Love you, Pops,' (switching to his father's voice) 'Eh, me, too.' Even after he had a stroke and he'd be crying, he'd still go, 'Me, too.' You'd hear his voice breaking up, but he couldn't get out the words."
Springsteen also said, like his father, he suffers from depression. He said he's been medicated in the past and has been in therapy for more than 30 years.
"You don't know the illness' parameters," Springsteen said. "Can I get sick enough to where I become a lot more like my father than I thought I might?"
Springsteen said he and his father managed to patch up their differences before Douglas died.
"Bruce, you've been very good to us," Springsteen said his dad told him in 1990, shortly before Springsteen's son Evan was born. "And I wasn't very good to you."
"That was it," said Springsteen. "It was all that I needed, all that was necessary."

########
Rank: 11
Score: 47.998848
Retrieved Text: Patricia Stockmal is sure of two things: Her son is at peace and the demons that haunted him in life can't hurt him any longer.
Her son, Lawrence E. Carlberg Jr., 43, died Friday after his father shot him in the chest with a 9 mm handgun in the home they shared in Lakeland, Fla.
It is something Mrs. Stockmal said her ex-husband had warned her would happen.
Lakeland police investigating the case said they do not plan to charge Lawrence E. Carlberg Sr., 65, unless new evidence emerges. According to Lakeland police Capt. John Thomason, the men argued and the younger Mr. Carlberg �made lethal threats,� after which his father, who uses a wheelchair, pulled a gun. Police believe the son then lunged at his father and was shot once at close range, Capt. Thomason said.
Family members said the elder Mr. Carlberg uses a wheelchair because of injuries resulting from a motorcycle accident.
But how the younger Mr. Carlberg died is only part of his story.
His sister, Shelly Maher of Oxford, said she remembers her brother's troubled past, the arrests, his difficult marriage and his on-again-off-again affair with alcohol. But there are other memories, of a different person, too.
Mrs. Maher said she trusted her brother completely and he followed the no-drinking rule at her house. He made memories with her children, eating nasty-tasting Sour Patch Kids candy with one of her daughters, who mentioned that and the laughs they shared when she wrote in her uncle's online guestbook attached to his obituary.
�He was a good father who loved his

########
Rank: 12
Score: 47.995853
Retrieved Text: She sprung off the bed taking the key in her hand from...well it was hard to say where she was keeping it. "Of course. I didn't lock the door to keep you in but to keep others out. A girl can never be too sure." She walked over to the door, her shoulder brushing by his. Before she put the key in she answered his question.
"Who said anything about requirements? I simply do not have the clearance. I think if you knew it would encourage you to join with us. I'll see what needs to happen or whom you need to speak with. I'm not sure how high up it goes. It might be you need to speak with the Lord General himself."
She then turned the key to unlock the door. "Good luck with your assignment. I hope it give you time to think about what we've talked about. It'd be nice to have someone interesting around the camp." People bored her easily.
There was no change in his demeanor as Sorcha brushed past him to get to the door. His eyes followed the movement of her hands as she stuck the key into the door handle, holding it there while she addressed his question.
The 'Lord General'? That would be their leader then, which meant that that's what his father would have been to them all and likewise, that's what he would be come to them if he chose to take that path. And of course they'd want him to see their leader in person -what better

########
Rank: 13
Score: 47.804604
Retrieved Text: Despite feeling as wide awake as a honey-bee in newleaf, when he finally curled up next to Smokefur beneath the roots of the glowing starlit tree, sleep came surprisingly easy.
Shadowpaw's first steps into StarClan were peaceful, and at first he was confused, unable to see anything particularly out of the ordinary or reverent. The dark pelted tom found himself in a forest not unlike the kind in NightClan's territory, though the scents in the air were... difficult to place, but familiar. He walked slowly between the trees, keeping his senses primed for anyone who wished to interact with him. I'd like to meet the medicine cat before Smokefur. Or even one of the healers who first arrived in the valley. Shadowpaw, with a head full of questions and a heart full of excitement, was completely unprepared for the cat leaping out at him.
The apprentice hissed in surprise, only to let fly a shocked mew as he recognized his father, Hollowcry, looking triumphantly down at him with a coat as sleek and well-groomed as it had been in life. Shadowpaw's heart burst into a sprint, pounding at his ribcage as he rushed forward to press his muzzle into his father's familiar dark fur.
Hollowcry purred, the sound quiet but deep.
Shadowpaw couldn't speak. This was more than he'd ever hoped for. Grief had always been at the edges of his psyche since that terrible greencough epidemic. Always. Echobreeze smiled again, but it didn't have the same sincere glow and warmth that it used to; his mother missed him maybe

########
Rank: 14
Score: 47.641804
Retrieved Text: Marcus wasn't exactly the most musically inclined person in the world. He knew what he liked, and he'd listen to anything at least once. Dislike of mainstream music often lead him to scour the internet for bands, and most of his favorite artists were considered 'underground'... to the point where most of his phone's music was stuff he'd downloaded from sites specializing in free mixtapes. His friends knew his tastes pretty well--well enough, in fact, that Julie had actually started suggesting places.
"There's this guy out there called Ezekiel Irons," Julie had said. "I think you'd like his style."
At first, Marcus was reluctant, but arguing with Julie usually didn't get him anywhere; she knew things he didn't, and she'd never tell. Sketchbook in hand, he found himself standing in front of a local coffee shop in Bayview, staring at it from across the street. Irons wasn't an entirely uncommon name, but he didn't really know a whole lot about his family outside his parents. He barely remembered what his mother looked like, and when he'd visited his father on Father's Day, family never came up in conversation.
Marcus shrugged and crossed the street, heading inside. If nothing else, there was the promise of decent music.
Zeke checked his mouthpiece and saxophone again, blowing a few notes as the usual lunchtime crowd started to file in. He'd gotten lucky a few weeks back busking near here, and the owner had given him a shot at this weekly "open music day". Play a few tunes, pull in some customers, and he'd

########
Rank: 15
Score: 47.09204
Retrieved Text: Technically Severus was in a same room as all the screaming, but his mind wasn't.
Inside his thoughts, he was enjoying a walk near the edge of the Forbidden Forest, just before dawn when the frost crackled under his bare feet and there was only the slightest hint of rose in the sky. "Disassociation." That's what the textbook that Severus had bought from a second-hand book store in Edinburgh described it as.
Initially he'd been quite pleased when he'd discovered it. It was a thing. A real thing. There was a brief glorious moment of relief. He wasn't going mad after all. Then he'd kept reading the paragraphs, discovering that it was a defence mechanism, particularly common in individuals who had grown up in dysfunctional or violent homes. Severus had frowned when he read that part and had thought about the monster at Spinner's End.
He obviously hadn't gone to the Forbidden Forest as a child. He'd gone to different places. Once he'd met Lily, he'd gone to her house a bit when things got really bad, even though he only went twice in person. He hadn't gone away as much at Hogwarts at first, but then the Potter and Black thing had got really bad, and sometimes he couldn't help it.
Since the return of the Dark Lord, Severus had tried not to go away at all. He needed to stay present and vigilant, which was impossible if he was off, virtually frolicking in the forest. Constant Vigilance… Wasn't that what Moody had always said?
When Severus had been called

########
Rank: 16
Score: 47.083935
Retrieved Text: Kiss an Angel Chapter One Daisy Devreaux had forgotten her bridegroom's name. "I, Theodosia, take thee . . . " She caught her bottom lip between her teeth. Her father had introduced them several days ago, that terrible morning the three of them had gone to get the marriage license, and she'd heard the name then. Right afterward the man had disappeared, and she hadn't seen him again until a few minutes ago when she'd walked down the staircase of her father's Central Park West duplex into the living room where this makeshift midmorning wedding ceremony was taking place. Her father stood behind her, and Daisy could almost feel him vibrating with disapproval, but his disapproval was nothing new. He'd been disappointed with her even before she was born, and no matter how hard she'd tried, she'd never been able to get him to change his mind. She risked a sideways peek at this bridegroom her father's money had bought for her. A studinuffin. A very scary studmuffin with his towering height, lean, whipcord build, and those eerie amber eyes. Her mother would have loved him. When Lani Devreaux had died in a yacht fire last year, she'd been in the arms of a twenty-four-year-old rock star. Daisy had finally reached the point where she could think about her mother without pain, and she smiled to herself as she realized that the man standing at her side would have been too old for her mother. He looked to be in his mid-thirties, and Lani had usually

########
Rank: 17
Score: 46.77063
Retrieved Text: Author's Note: Chloe ficathon story, written for liptonrm.
The apartment was perfect, down to the last detail. From the cosy over-stuffed furniture in the living room, to the colours he'd picked for the sheets on her bed. She'd been worried, when he'd opened the door, that it would be like the castle somehow. But it wasn't. She supposed that was because one doesn't decorate a vintage loft quite the same way a multibillionaire would outfit his supposed ancestral home.
There were fresh flowers in the kitchen every Wednesday and Friday. Never roses, tulips, or sunflowers. She was never sure how he'd known to stay away from those particular blooms. She'd enjoyed the daises the best. Something about daisies always seemed to brighten her mood. The lilacs had been nice as well, and she wished they hadn't been whisked away quite so quickly. The waxy blooms hadn't even begun to brown when she came to get a cup of coffee and discovered the tiger lilies had supplanted them.
When she'd first moved to Smallville—when they still had the house on Oak, she'd arrived to find her father had painted her new bedroom. The dominant hues had been pink and peach. She hadn't had the heart to tell him that it wasn't perfect. When she turned 15, Pete and Clark had helped her re-paint the pink wall a shade of green that had seemed like a good idea when she'd been staring at a little 2 inch paint chip, but had been much more... green when they'd gotten the first two

########
Rank: 18
Score: 46.63827
Retrieved Text: An alluring stranger who'd given birth to a beautiful baby boy. An alluring stranger who'd given birth to a beautiful baby boy…his baby boy. The book did have a lot of characters, so it was hard to narrow it down to just one bad g I loved this book. He'd wanted peace, but instead found a terrified redhead on his doorstep. An alluring stranger who'd given birth to a beautiful baby boy…his baby boy. I hope that maybe he is in another one of the books down the line.
How had he fathered a stranger's child? An alluring stranger who'd given birth to a beautiful baby. I love hearing from readers, and you can contact me through my webpage at:. Of course it helped that her sister had chocolate on her breath. He'd wanted peace, but instead found a terrified redhead on his doorstep. And as duty and desire tangled them in a web of escalating danger, they raced to discover if the killer had spun the deadliest trap of all… » » Order of Delores Fossen Books.
There was a thick, heavy blast from the open window of the gray car. Tanner was conceived through surrogacy that Mia had done because she wanted a child. Mia Crandall claimed he wasn't the donor she'd chosen. Knowing she was in trouble, she found the house of her baby's uncle who happened to be a doctor, the only who could h Cute story. This book focuses on Kelly Manning and Nick Lattimer. Wikipedia citation Copy and paste this code into

########
Rank: 19
Score: 46.562244
Retrieved Text: Pregnancy can happen - be careful, get help and look after yourself!
I fell head over heels in love for the first time with someone. One thing led to the other and soon enough, I became pregnant (whilst on the pill, strangely!). I, being naive, clumsy me, didn't know until quite late.
I didn't have morning sickness, but did have a stomach ache and dizziness for a bit. That was put down to having now three jobs, no time to eat and a stomach bug going around one of the offices. I had irregular periods, so skipping one or two was nothing new.
I had a suspicion I was pregnant, but very hopeful I wasn't. I was denial.
I was given the opportunity to work up north and gladly took it - yay running away from the city! Alas, that fell through and I had to stay with no work here. That's when my parents found out I was pregnant. Boom. Ouch. Naturally, they were angry and upset. The father had become estranged - we'd stopped talking after my third job. I found him- he replied "I'll have to tell my fiance". He'd been engaged for quite some time. He said he'd be there for the baby and asked me to move in with him.
All at once I thought my dreams had come true and I fell madly in love with him again. Oh silly little girl I was! It didn't happen.
I had the baby after a tiring labour, a beautiful, gorgeous little girl who now keeps my heart and

########
Rank: 20
Score: 46.54213
Retrieved Text: The pain medication Owen had taken at the hospital was doing its job, and he quickly drifted off to sleep. I wanted to fall asleep all curled up in bed with him, but didn't want to leave his nasty bruises unattended. So every thirty minutes like clockwork I shifted the ice packs and made sure he was as comfortable as possible. I had been keeping up the ritual for nearly two hours when I heard a car turn into the driveway. I could tell immediately that it was the Jetta and I wondered what had taken my father so long to bring it by.
Careful not to wake Owen, I slipped out of bed and made my way out to the front yard. I was surprised when it wasn't my father waiting for me by the car, but Uncle Jasper. Why was he here? Dad had seemed quite intent on bringing the car back and supervising us for awhile, why had he changed his mind?
"Hey Uncle Jazz, where's Dad?"
I couldn't tell if the discomfort I was feeling was my own, or being projected by Uncle Jasper. Something definitely felt wrong though.
"Edward told me not to say anything, but I feel like you should know. Maybe you'll know where he went."
This couldn't be good. "Where who went?"
"JASPER! Spit it out, I'm starting to freak a little bit here!"
A torrent of words starting rushing from his mouth, even with my exceptional hearing I had a hard time catching it all. "Edward and Carlisle confronted Jake about today. When he

########
Rank: 21
Score: 46.527958
Retrieved Text: "Why is it always cold here," he asked her, bending over to place chubby little boy hands on the hem of her long skirt. She smiled at him, six years his senior and far more knowledgeable in most things than him. She was twelve years old that winter and already beautiful. It was not a made up beauty found in the magazines, her skin was not light blue and she did not have green hair, her's was a natural beauty, an ancient one. Even then, at age six, Leo knew that as her younger brother it was his duty to worship her, to protect that beauty. Thus, his small hands grasped the length of her skirt to lift it from the dirt.
She smiled at him then, reaching out, twisting the skirt around her legs. She had a lovely smile, like starlight. She lifted him up, placing him on her hip. He was heavy but she was strong and had been carrying him around so often that she was able to do so without him being a burden. "Leo," she said, (and the acoustics in the large room made her voice sound like bells) "Do you see how far away the ceiling is? All the hot air is up there, while down here on the marble it is freezing." He raised his eyes, looking up to where his sister pointed and saw the ceiling that seemed so unattainable and far away.
He looked back at his sister and watched the way her gaze seemed to paint everything they

########
Rank: 22
Score: 46.48981
Retrieved Text: As promised, Gibbs takes his lover 'home' to meet his father.
Written: March 2009. Word count: 1,699.
As he drove into the small town, he wondered how long it would be before the whole town knew that Leroy Gibbs was back again and this time had brought his lover with him. His male lover.
Not for the first time since making the arrangements with his dad, he wondered if it really had been such a good idea after all to bring Ducky to Stillwater. It wasn't that he didn't want to introduce his lover to his dad, he did. It was just that his dad had to go on living in the town once Ducky and he had returned to DC. He reminded himself, yet again, that it hadn't been his idea as such, but his dad's.
Casting a glance at Ducky who had been dozing on and off for the past hour or so, he recalled the conversation he'd had less than a week ago.
"I didn't mean to call you so late, but I've been -"
"So Federal Agents don't even get Christmas off?"
"Usually, yeah. But this year something came up."
"It must have been important."
"Sorry, son, I didn't mean to imply -"
"I know. So did you have a good day?"
"So-so. I went to dinner with Trimbels. They sent their love."
"Well, maybe not. I guess an invitation to spend New Year here wouldn't be worth making?"
"It's all right. I understand. You'll be working."
"Not necessarily. But . . ."
"The kind that involves another person?"
"I've plenty of room. The guest room has a

########
Rank: 23
Score: 46.391727
Retrieved Text: When does life begin for an AAA lifetime member? For Justin Miller it began halfway through the second day of 2009 and two months after his sixteenth birthday when he soloed his family's Citabria. While not an antique airplane, the Citabria, nevertheless, was the perfect vehicle for leaving the planet unaccompanied. Anything that gets another human into the sky is perfect.
We'd started his formal training over a year before in a 1946 Aeronca Champ, but Justin had been flying with his father, Gary, since he was old enough to be strapped into their Cessna 140A. Over the years the Cessna gave way to a brief experiment with a Cherokee before Gary returned to tail wheel sanity with the Citabria. By then, Justin could fly and wasn't a bad pumpkin bombardier, although he'd have to wait for his sixteenth birthday to fly solo.
Weather, maintenance and other reality delays saw the birthday solo wish postponed until January 2, when we lifted off from the runway, and I announced, "Give me three good landings in a row, and I'll get out."
Justin was primed, cocky even. He wanted me out of that airplane. His first approach was ridiculously wide but salvageable. He rolled onto the ice-crusted grass runway with aileron into the slight crosswind and tracked straight with rudder. When I felt the stick come back to hold us on the ground, I knew he was ready.
"Let's tighten up that pattern," I said, because instructors have to say something to bolster our sense of majesty. "And don't get slow on

########
Rank: 24
Score: 46.310665
Retrieved Text: All Communities > Stay at Home Moms > Am I being selfish?
Okay... so I really don't know where to start. I'll do my best to make this coherent. My first born son is not my husband's biological father, but he's been there since I was about 6 months pregnant. He was the first male voice that my son heard in the womb, the only person he responded so aggressively towards (meaning whenever he would touch my stomach my son would do cartwheels) he was there when he was born and has been there every minute the military has allowed. He is his father in everyway, spiritually, financially, and legally.
I've noticed that his current age, 5, is very accepting of the truth and very malleable. I want to tell him about my husband not being biologically his father for two reasons. One, I don't want him to find out from someone else. Everyone in my family knows what happened, they know DH is a wonderful father to him, and no one has said a word. I don't think any of them would ever tell him, but I also worry if he were to overhear someone talking. My mother found out about her mother being a step-mother from a neighborhood child and it left her feeling very... strange about her family afterwards. I don't want this to happen to my son. And when I talk to him I won't emphasize that DH is not his father, quite the opposite. Truly, IMO, being a father is so much more

########
Rank: 25
Score: 46.293106
Retrieved Text: To the man who influenced me more than any other, besides the Savior!
My father is a humble man, who came from humble beginnings. He was born seventh of eleven children (eight of which survived), son of Joseph and Francis Mallek, Polish/American dairy farmers in central Wisconsin. Life wasn't easy, scratching out a living, working hard, but enjoying the fruits of labor, to the fullest. My father purchased the farm from my grandfather in the late fifties and that was the culture we were raised in. I'm the eldest of seven children and I've never regretted a single moment of the rich heritage I was raised in.
My father is a man who didn't expect anything less of others than he did from himself. He set high standards for himself and did his best to always live by them. To him, the word compromise didn't exist in his vocabulary. It was an amazing opportunity growing up and working next to a man of such strong convictions. That's one of the blessings of growing up on a farm. Each family member lives, works and spends every waking moment together, because the success of a family farm hinges upon the contributions of each individual. Working long hours together makes it easy to impart your work ethic to your children.
You always knew where he stood, because he didn't try to pander after the favor of others. You either liked him for who he was or not. It didn't seem to matter to him. He is far from perfect and he'd be

########
Rank: 26
Score: 46.26525
Retrieved Text: Cat Noir broke his stare and shook his head, breathing out a short, humorless laugh. "My Lady," he said, "I can assure you that if you're really not interested in me, you wouldn't be interested in Adrien Agreste."
Adrien closed the door to his bedroom behind himself and leaned back against it with a groan. His day had been terrible - he supposed he could count himself lucky that there wasn't much left, but he didn't want to tempt fate that much.
Nino was out of town, visiting family overseas, and wouldn't be back for another week. Adrien got along reasonably well with the rest of his class, but he didn't really feel like he knew any of them well enough to hang out with; Alya had invited him to eat lunch with her and Marinette, and while he'd gratefully accepted at the time, the whole thing had turned into an awkward disaster. He and Alya had done their best to include Marinette in their conversation, but she'd mostly ended up stuttering and knocking over her food; Adrien was pretty sure that more of it ended up on the floor than in her stomach. She'd ended up making some excuse and practically running away half-way through, to Adrien's dismay; Marinette seemed like a great person, and he was sure they could be friends if she only got over her shyness around him.
After class, Chloe had cornered him and tried to get him to sign something yet again - which he had reluctantly agreed to do at first, then

########
Rank: 27
Score: 46.21229
Retrieved Text: IT WAS the final week of Bryan Burdon' s successful season in Blackpool and I went along to see him to find out what was happening to his father, Albert Burdon. Albert belongs to South Shields and began his career as a champion child clog dancer, working the pubs and clubs on Tyneside. He was still in his teens when he toured the country starring in such revues as League of Neighbours and Love on the Dole.
His sisters Hylda and Ada were in the same company (Thomas Convery theatrical group) and just to round things off he married the leading lady Vie Vivenne. He was only 21 when C. B. Cochran starred him in the West End shows Three Sisters - at Drury Lane - and Evergreen where his co-star was Jessie Matthews! He made films for Gaumont British Pictures and during the war he entertained the Forces.
After the war he toured the Moss Empire circuit with his own revues, and every Christmas he appeared in pantomime all over the country. I asked Bryan Burdon if he remembered playing Jack and the Beanstalk at the Theatre Royal with his father. Bryan smiled that famous smile of his, "That", he said, "was the beginning of a very happy relationship with my father and I working together in his own revues. We did many pantomimes the most memorable of them being the one at the Theatre Royal Newcastle when we played the Ugly Sisters."
This was remarkable, I had never heard of a father and son appearing in the

########
Rank: 28
Score: 46.15098
Retrieved Text: IS PUTTING ON A JACKET CORRECTLY REALLY THAT BIG A DEAL?
The short answer is ABSOLUTELY. If you care to know the long answer please keep reading.
To answer this question properly, I first have to tell you how my father, Fernando Rego Sr., ended up in the Bespoke Menswear industry. My father was born on San Miguel Island, which is one of the 9 Azores islands off the west coast of mainland Portugal. My father had many jobs by the age of 18, but his job as the famous ' Coat Check Guy ' at the US Army Officer's Club would serve to pave the path for his and several other careers to come.
My father has a saying that goes something like "Whatever you choose to do in life, be the best at it". If you choose to be that guy at the street curb twirling cardboard signs to lure people into a store, be the best sign-twirler there is. You never know what it will lead to next. In today's world, someone will likely film you and you'll become a YouTube viral sensation.
In my father's case, he was the best Coat Check Guy these American Army officers had ever seen. He didn't need to give you a ticket to check your coat. He just remembered you by face, and when you came back to get your coat, he'd always grab the right one. But "the show" didn't stop there.
Instead of handing your coat to you over the hinged, wood shelf separating the patrons from the coats,

########
Rank: 29
Score: 46.072742
Retrieved Text: I just saw all the dresses at his atelier, and I am confident that Pierre's new spring line will change the world. Of course, my opinion is far from objective. I have, after all, known him since he was "Little Pierre Balmain, the Boy with the Iron Fists."
Back then, he was just a scrappy 8 year-old boy in the Metro, punching holes in plywood for the amusement of passengers. He survived on the change and baguette ends they'd throw, but he'd always maintained his dignity, and never once did I see his homemade bow-tie soiled or askew.
In my mind's eye, I can still see the "Boy with the Iron Fists" sign that he used to prop up next to his donation bucket. What a sad little scrap of cardboard. At first I was sure he made all the "R's" backwards to elicit sympathy, but after talking to him that first day, it became clear that he was lucky to have any of the letters correctly oriented. He had only heard rumors about something called "school" and I believe he thought it was some kind of food.
I wasn't much older than him, but I already had a well developed sense of philanthropy, and wanted to help him. We became friends, and during the year I lived in Paris, we spent a great deal of time together. Though my father would complain about all the cats that would follow him into our house, I think he was proud that had I taken on a charity case. After all,

================



======= Instance Index 2826 =========
Input Text: The teacher explained why he should play piano even though he wanted to play guitar, she said it was the best introduction to what?
Choose the most suitable option to answer the above question.
Options:
- learn how
- learn music
- make music
- take lessons
- practice

Target Text: learn music

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 54.524834
Retrieved Text: I’m both a Suzuki violin teacher and parent; I have been teaching my own kids.
I’m finding, as many others have, that it’s a real challenge to teach my own kids, and they are really not interested in the violin. Never have been, really… I started them both at 3 1/2 and they did it, a la Suzuki, because it was just part of their lives and just what they did.
Now my youngest (age 8) has been asking for guitar. I asked my oldest (age 10) what he would pick if he could; he said “maybe piano”. (Which is better than the “I dunno” that we usually get).
I recently returned to work, as I haven’t been getting enough students to pay the bills… so we’re in a financial position to get them into lessons if they want. Wondering if i should let them ADD an instrument, and keep picking away at Suzuki violin, or if I should let them SWITCH to what they want. What do you think?
P.s. I should add that we have had them in Suzuki violin with another teacher; things went a bit more smoothly but the enthusiasm wasn’t there.
Sure, why not add a second instrument? I played piano since I was three. My mother let us add the violin when I was 9. There were many times throughout my schooling when I would favor one instrument over the other. I still play both instruments, although the violin is my major instrument. I still perform quite extensively on the piano. Pinchas Zuckerman might be

########
Rank: 1
Score: 51.634865
Retrieved Text: Elias began taking piano lessons this summer just before he started 1st grade. I contacted his teacher in August to see if she had any spots open for the fall, and she asked if I wanted to start right away. Why not? He was interested and I wanted to capitalize on that interest. I probably could have taught him myself. While I am no professional musician, I have to say that I’m quite an accomplished pianist. However, sometimes it is just better to have a different person teach your child if you can spare the cash. The clash of personalities is sometimes too great. Now, I get to practice with him almost every day and share in the joy of his growing love for piano, and instead of arguing with him myself, I can say, “remember when your teacher said…x?” It’s quite wonderful.
In his 5 months of piano, Elias has really taken off. He wants to practice every day, and enjoys himself, and it shows. He had his first recital in mid December. He played an English folk song called Oranges and Lemons. The audience was filled with all of the students in his teacher’s studio as well as their families. Elias even got to have all four of his grandparents there along with his parents and brothers. I was amazed that he didn’t seem nervous at all. He even played his song memorized. Great job, Elias!
Here he is before the recital. He was excited!
After the recital I made him sit at the piano again so

########
Rank: 2
Score: 51.621643
Retrieved Text: As I mentioned many times, I grew up in Bratislava, Slovakia (though it was part of Czechoslovakia back then).
My mother was an opera star, my father a famous linguist and university professor. It was the Communist era, so the four of us (I have an older brother) lived in a two-room appartment Downtown Bratislava.
We had a piano in that apartment, a piano that took about a quarter of one of the rooms. It was a grand piano, aka a concert piano. In other words, the real thing.
My grandfather bought it for my mother when she was a conservatory student (that, by the way, was way before the Communist era, and certainly before my time). Not knowing exactly which piano to buy, he asked my mother to bring her piano teacher to the store. The teacher tried every single piano in the store (and they had many, we are talking Central Europe here), and then said, "Buy this one!" And my grandfather did.
So, that was the piano I crawled underneath as a toddler, and learned how to play as a child.
As I recall, I started in the second grade, or so, taking two lessons every week, plus attending theory classes once a week. The piano teacher was a nice young lady: I used to go to her appartment. I enjoyed the lesson because she always had the most moist and delicious cookies for her students.
After three years, I decided I wanted to learn to play the accordion. I suspect my parents would rather if I stayed with

########
Rank: 3
Score: 51.035145
Retrieved Text: by Hilton Hater at March 7, 2019 11:23 am .
American Idol is back on the air.
American Idol allegedly just aired its best audition of all-time.
Such a distinction went to Alejandro Aranda on Wednesday night, who explained to the judging panel he had taught himself to sing, play guitar, and play piano ... starting at age 20.
And he wasn't exactly a slouch, either.
Aranda proceeded to play an original song, showing off maybe just an above average vocal range -- but a truly shocking mastery of guitar. Especially for someone who is self-taught.
Lionel Richie was blown away by Alejandro, asking him to show off his piano skills as well. And... boy... did he not disappoint with this instrument, either!
From there, it was Luke Bryan's turn to be speechless for a minutes by the spectacle before him, prior to declaring that he was in the presence of greatness... and that he didn't even want to see anybody after Alejandro.
Katy Perry? She said she quit. She didn't even know how to properly grade what she had just witnesed.
Was this all a tad much?
Did the panelists gush and gush and gush just to make headlines such as the one we went ahead and wrote above?
But Alejandro Aranda really was astounding.
Check out the video featured here to see for yourself!

########
Rank: 4
Score: 49.777443
Retrieved Text: Earlier this year, I began taking acoustic guitar lessons. Even though I played a little bit when I was fourteen years old, I now had to start from the beginning. I had to build up callouses, learn to tune the guitar, repeat the same exercises over and over and over. And then over some more. I had to learn to read guitar tabs, which I hadn’t even known existed when I was fourteen. I had to develop a daily habit of sitting down to play.
Why take up the guitar in my fifties? Because I wanted something that was unplugged, that I could challenge myself with, that would allow me to both relax and learn. Because I had never really learned much about music, not having been in band or orchestra when I was in school. Because my partner Mick has way too much fun on his saxophone these days and I love hearing him practice. There is something about music wafting through the house, especially music that someone in that house is making. Mick encouraged me to get a guitar again, try it out. He nudged me right into the store that sold me my lovely Alvarez with a bevel-edged armrest.
I told my guitar teacher, Chris, that learning to play an instrument would hold off dementia. I was joking, but only a little. Chris is a patient guy who keeps saying, that’s all right, when I screw up, miss notes, buzz the strings. He’ll say, that sounds good when I make it all the way through

########
Rank: 5
Score: 49.0625
Retrieved Text: Randy received his first guitar at age six and a half. It was an old Gibson classical acoustic "Army-Navy" guitar that had belonged to his grandfather. Randy said later, "I just started trying to figure out different things on my own, so by the time I started taking lessons I had a pretty good idea of what to do." He began taking lessons with his sister Kathy at his side. To compliment his guitar lessons his mother gave Randy piano lessons to sharpen his sight reading skills and build his understanding of music theory.
In the beginning he studied folk and classical music. But Randy had little patience with his lessons, probably because of his insatiable desire to explore new ideas and expand his knowledge rather than sticking to the basics. "I did not want to be bothered with technique and learning scales," Randy said, but it is apparent in his later work that he learned these skills, embraced them and took them to their highest level by combining them in ways that had never been done in rock music before.
Ozzy Osbourne often spoke of Randy's innate ability to use his extensive knowledge of music in combination with current styles thereby pushing the level of musicality to new heights and explore paths that had not yet been touched. Ozzy said, "...when we were working on the albums, I would give him a melody and he would work a riff around it. Every hook he ever came up with I loved. He was original. We discovered that most

########
Rank: 6
Score: 48.777542
Retrieved Text: It's interesting how certain talents get passed down through a family; music was a very important part of life in my family, and I can trace the progression at least back through my grandmother, my father, my siblings and me, and my son and his cousins.
Though she didn't do it often, my Grandmother Ortman played the piano beautifully, in that kind of old-timey, Scott Joplin kind of way. I guess she must have felt unfulfilled as a musician/performer, because I'm positive that she was the "stage mother" that got my dad into show biz when he was just a little child.
Grandma had clearly had a lot of training in her youth -- you didn't just sit down and start playing that kind of music -- but as far as my father was concerned, he was completely untrained and couldn't even read music. When he had to sing in church or at a wedding or other affair, he'd have my mother or the church organist play the part for him and learn it that way. He played the piano by ear, but really the only thing he knew how to play was "Tenderly," and we heard it many, many times.
I will always be grateful for the fact that my upbringing introduced me to "The Great American Songbook," those wonderful songs written between 1920 and 1950, for the most part. We would sing along with the radio in the car, or of course with Mitch Miller on tv,following the bouncing ball.
All of us kids were very musical --

########
Rank: 7
Score: 48.74362
Retrieved Text: Have you always wanted to play the guitar, but couldn’t? Wait no longer and join the new guitar club in Mr. Jim Taylor’s room. He’s in room number 40, also known as the choir room. One of the reasons that made this club successful was Paul Elliott, the owner of uptown music, he provided 13 guitars to McNary and every 5 guitars that get brought in to uptown music, they give one more to McNary. The guitars are also repaired and re-strung when they’re brought in. Mr.Taylor “every kid should be able to play an individual instrument.” He mentioned that anyone and everyone can join. But the max holding in this class is 32 kids so hurry and get signed up if you want to learn more about music and guitars. The club starts in 2nd semester February 1 and has 4 teacher advisers which have got their positions from past experience and those people are Ryan Cowan and he plays acoustic, Aarone Delgado plays electric guitar, Marissa Rogers plays ukulele/guitar, and Nicole Ecklund plays bass. Ryan Cowan and Marissa Rogers had some great things to say about this club and their background of how they got to be teacher advisers. Ryan went to help teach kids at a elementary school and has been playing the acoustic guitar for 5 years, he also knows and is willing to teach how to string and tune a guitar. Ryan’s ultimate goal is to help people so they can play an instrument by themselve and thinks everyone should be

########
Rank: 8
Score: 48.614803
Retrieved Text: "Quality instruction that transcends all genres, delivered in a manner that is easily accessible to all. Whether you're young or old, picking up an instrument for the first time, or have some experience, Tim's got something for everyone in his comprehensive teaching sessions focusing on the development of musical ability and the refinement of technique. Growing up I had the privilege of having Tim as both my friend and mentor for almost a decade, and the knowledge I gained during that time was invaluable. He helped me broaden my musical horizons, tought me both the fundamentals and finer points of piano and guitar playing, and helped lay the foundation for my musical career. Without his instruction, I would not be where I am today, and for that I am grateful."
"Mr. Hellane was my answer to learning the classical guitar. My parents called him in August, to prepare me for upcoming BISFA tryouts. I was told that I was not ready to be in a school, because I needed to gain more understanding of the guitar. I had only 5 months before the next auditions and I needed alot of work. Mr. Hellane, took so much time to teach me everything I needed to know. He knew exactly what the panel of judges were looking for and led me to picking the right pieces to play for them. He made sure I stayed on track and pushed me to learning more than I ever thought I could learn in such a short time. Not only did he

########
Rank: 9
Score: 48.47865
Retrieved Text: When I was a teenager, like many girls I started growing my fingernails. To me they were beautiful! The only problem was that I was a piano player. By that time I had played piano for 8 or 9 years and I never knew that long nails didn’t belong on piano hands because I never had any long nails. It just so happened that by this time I had had several different teachers and I had only been with the current teacher a short while. Needless to say, when she told me in no uncertain terms that I had to cut my nails I thought she was being mean and I ignored her.
1. They interfere with proper technique. Long nails prevent the fingertips from coming in contact with the piano keys, thus preventing the player from playing with the appropriate touch.
2. Long nails create a clicking sound that interferes with the music.
3. Long nails can get caught between the piano keys. When this happens, the nail can break and that hurts! Also, the musical flow is often interrupted because the player must stop playing to retrieve her finger from in between the keys.
4. Long nails make it nearly impossible to play fast.
5. It’s just not practical to play with long nails.
Besides the fact that I was operating with a teenage mind and didn’t want to cut my nails, this teacher and I had not yet built a solid relationship. (Actually that would take another 15 years or so to happen!) The bottom line is that I

########
Rank: 10
Score: 46.91272
Retrieved Text: Today I was browsing the video section of Reddit and wondered why someone posted the old song Black Hole Sun of Soundgarden. On this way I found out that Chris Cornell, who was singer of this band, died on Wednesday. There is no official statement about the cause of death but there are rumors that a possible suicide is investigated (confirmed, suicide by hanging). What ever happened, it is shocking. I think he was very talented and had an incredible voice. Not only this, he might also have inspired many people.
That’s where I come up with some personal memories. I said he might have inspired people, and I count myself to the inspired group. My grandpa tried to teach me to play the guitar when I was a child but I didn’t want to learn this at first. I think I was 8 years old and I didn’t even listen to music at that time, because I was most of the time outside to play with friends. To be honest, I did still grab the guitar at times and tried to make grandpa happy, but at that time you definitely wouldn’t have said that the product was music when I had the guitar in my hands. You would have called it noise, and I was a talent in destroying strings, but there was no sign that I would actually learn how to play this instrument.
Later in school we also had music class and I think it was two hours per week or so. My first music

########
Rank: 11
Score: 46.874405
Retrieved Text: It made me so mad that some people believe that. I cannot stand her pretending to write, pretending to play instruments, pretending to be a rocker, pretending to be real. Piano is a very hard instrument to play and takes years of practice. I know because I’ve been playing since I was 4. And she started to attempt piano for about 3 months and is already performing, and saying how she “plays piano” in numerous magazines?
The only instrument Avril should be playing is a kazoo because that’s as complex as she gets.
She CAN play piano and she CAN play guitar !! You’re just fat loser!
haha. jealous much. leave Avril alone!! y can’t you jus let her be!!
I watched the ‘Best d@mn tour’ video by avril. I suspected she was faking some of it at first so I started watching more carefully. In almost every song where she plays an instrument, it appears that she is either faking or simply not plugged into the system. The piano scene barely showed her actually playing the piano and her body movements didn’t match the momentum of the notes being played. The guitar scenes sounded like she was not plugged in because every strum she made on her guitar didn’t make a sound while the guitarists next to her were doing all the work. The only song I could tell she wasn’t faking was the drums (for obvious reasons). Not only did she not fully finish that song, but she didn’t do anything special but one main repetitive set. I

########
Rank: 12
Score: 46.80817
Retrieved Text: "Andrew is a huge support to our 8 year old daughter Millie. She's a full time student at the Special Music School at Lucy Moses and we approached him to help us with her home practice. Andrew is patient, kind and is a great motivator. Millie looks forward to her time with Andrew and has developed a more focused passion for piano.
"Andrew has been the ideal piano teacher for me. It seemed like all of my friends played at least one instrument, and I'd never learned how to play much of anything. I thought, at 31, it was about time to learn how to play music and started taking piano lessons with Andrew about a month or two ago. First off, Andrew is very professional, on time, and has even given me reminders about our lessons. While being reliable is certainly important, my favorite thing about Andrew is his relaxed vibe. As an adult who is learning how to play music for the first time, I get can get frustrated easily and making mistakes make me anxious. This is where Andrew's patience and calmness is very helpful. He's very positive and encouraging, which does wonders to keep me from getting discouraged and giving up on the whole thing. While I can't sing his praises enough, a final bit to note is that he is great at teaching you whatever song you want. I asked about a song last week that he was familiar with, but didn't know how to play. He just had to listen to

########
Rank: 13
Score: 46.656235
Retrieved Text: Samuel L Jackson becomes obsessed with guitars after starring in Black Snake Moan.
Samuel L Jackson has become obsessed with guitars since starring in his latest film Black Snake Moan.
The actor took lessons from The Late Show's Felicia Collins after signing up for the movie, which sees him playing a blues guitarist.
"I was backstage at the Rock + Roll Hall of Fame ceremony watching U2 perform and this voice comes up behind me and says, 'You should play a bluesman in a movie. Let me teach you how to play guitar.' It was Felicia Collins," Jackson explained.
"At that time I hadn't even heard about Black Snake Moan, so I kind of laughed and said, 'Yeah right.' She gave me her numbers and then I got Black Snake the next week.
"I went to the Academy Awards, and, in the gift basket, there was a Gibson studio model guitar to order, that they make for you. I had the guitar made and came back to New York and Felicia became my guitar teacher."
He added: "I had no guitars when I started, and now I have seven, so I pretty much run around with a guitar everywhere I go."

########
Rank: 14
Score: 46.471428
Retrieved Text: Testimonials - Mosaic Music Instruction, LLC.
It’s so rewarding to meet a teacher on the same page with me. Very personable, knowledgable and sets direction/goals clearly.
Frankie tailors each lesson to my needs and interests while helping me understand how to play better. Sometimes, we focus on music theory, other times we focus on reading music or playing technique. I have enjoyed each lesson over the past eight years, as he has encouraged me to grow and develop my knowledge and skill. He’s an excellent music instructor who enjoys sharing his experience, encourages my development, and has fun with each session!
Frankie has been my piano instructor for several years now. He’s always on-time, communicates well, and treats my house with respect (my instructions are at home). He’s let me learn at my own pace while challenging me to do things the “correct way.” And he doesn’t mind the occasional side-discussion on music theory or history.
I’m very grateful to have had Frankie as an instructor. He taught me how to be a better musician in addition to teaching me how to play the guitar. I understand so much more about music, composition, playing in ensembles, among other aspects of making music thanks to him. He was always patient with me and found ways to make me excited about playing everyday-even if my assignments were practicing difficult chords or scales. Truly a fantastic musician and leader.
Frankie Price is an incredible music teacher. I have been learning guitar from him for a couple of years. Anything I want to learn he

########
Rank: 15
Score: 46.369194
Retrieved Text: From the very beginning, music filled every crevice in my home. My Mom was a Kinks fan while I curled up in utero which might explain why songs by that band are my favorites on The Darjeeling Limited soundtrack. My Dad plays music by ear, so strums of guitar and the tinkling of piano keys are comforting, childhood memories embedded in my brain. He'd hear a song he loved, sit down at the piano (or pick up his guitar), and just play it. He loves hymns and other genres, and led music at Church camps. He wrote a few songs, too. My Mom was hesitant to perform, but she sings the sweetest harmonies you will ever hear; her voice is beautiful. Papaw was a Baptist minister of music, ever-singing. Aunt Pat sings a warm, honey alto. Even my brother has a great voice, though when we were little, he was more likely to take the comic route and entertain us with Rick Astley or Michael Jackson (Thriller) impersonations.
Me? I always loved music. It was sort of inevitable with all that talent surrounding me. I wore out my Annie soundtrack cassette tape singing every single word in the safety of my Pepto-pink bedroom. My parents kindly purchased a replacement, much to my delight. I sang in Church and school choirs, but I was never comfortable with sharing my voice. Not even with my hero, Papaw. I've confessed before that one of my biggest, deepest regrets in life is refusing his repeated request, "Won't you sing with me?"

########
Rank: 16
Score: 45.946835
Retrieved Text: There is an Awsome guy name George, he is very good at his instrument, especially his guitar, he start play it since 3 years old, not force to, he was born to be with misic, and he just love the freedom of floating in music.
Tracy,stop talking when he look up and saw that pairs of sapphire blue eyes infrount of her “I .. A..yeh , ah it okay ,I can take that bump” George say it very sloppy cause he is also stuns by the hazel green eyes she have there “do you need a hand for your stuff ?”Geoge ask very nicely. “I think I can take it myself, thank you” Tracy walked away left to find her room.
After the settlement and a night if rest ,it open day !!! She follow all others and go to the hugest Hall she ever been in her life and sit down with others ,the show beggin , there was a bang presenting at the stage ,the show were Awsome, Tracy felt in love with the music going on stage, she never knew the a group of student would capable of playing music such great than she reginise the guitar guy, it was the guy she bump in yesterday, she imidintly feel so embarrassing about it, but than the girls team show up, their dance steps are amazing and there she is! The perfect girl that stands out at the middle. Tracy just feel so great that she do not want to leave this place for first time

########
Rank: 17
Score: 45.749523
Retrieved Text: Private Acoustic Guitar tutoring lessons Snohomish, WA.
Check out some of our most popular teachers near Snohomish, WA including Seattle, Bellevue, Kirkland, Bothell and Kent.
Headline: Jared is amazing teacher.
Jared has excellent knowledge of music foundations and music theory.
Knows styles and genres, knows not only how to play but create too... And how this style was born.
He helps to build habit to do things right - I'm talking about technique - or, in other words - how to use your hands!
Same time he's extremely patient.
I'd like to recommend Jared for everyone who want's to learn play guitar (don't look at your age), his teaching approach works great, because he is teaching you and adjust classes for you.
Jared is real patient and easy to learn from, he keeps things simple and makes sure you understand.
Award-Winning Teacher - Networked/played with various members of Heart, Bad Company & Former Queensryche. Learn Your Favorite Songs Quickly & Accurately.
Acoustic Guitar is one of my specialties..
Tyler is an experienced musician and guitarist with 20+ years of playing under his belt. Growing up in Idaho, Tyler found his musical calling through his love of metal, punk, and b-movie synth scores. Tyler is a graduate of the Guitar Institute of Technology at Musicians Institute in Los Angeles, and also studied audio engineering and jazz at Shoreline Community College in Washington. Tyler takes a passionate and caring approach to teaching music, emphasizing on helping students find their own musical voice and style using theory and technique. Even though he loves to shred, he is versatile musician that

########
Rank: 18
Score: 45.567875
Retrieved Text: Very experienced beginner piano teacher! I have over 10 years of experience working with kids and adults on piano and keyboard. My goal is to make sure we do what YOU, the student, want to do. I provide the musical guidelines and push to get you started, but I love being able to collaborate on the music you or your child wants to learn! I have a Bachelors in music from Columbia College Chicago, a thriving arts school in downtown Chicago. I've toured extensively as a singer/songwriter and have written dozens of albums. I now live in Los Angeles and am looking for talented and ambitious new students!
Hello! I've been teaching music full-time for the past 10 years. I graduated music school in 2008, holding a Bachelors in music from Columbia College Chicago, a thriving arts school in the heart of downtown Chicago. There, I primarily concentrated on music composition and guitar, while also studying piano and drums. My parents were musicians and school teachers, so music teaching is very much in my blood. I've been playing and writing songs in bands since I was 12 years old. I recorded 3 original albums in high school, which is a very unique thing. I played shows everywhere in Chicago through college and upon graduating started a successful band called Minor Characters. We worked on albums with Beau Sorenson (Death Cab for Cutie, Superchunk, Bob Mould) at April Base Studios (Bon Iver), toured extensively, and was featured at South By Southwest Music Festival in 2012 and 2013. This

########
Rank: 19
Score: 45.200954
Retrieved Text: I walked into my piano lesson. I couldn't wait to see what I would be doing.
The first thing my piano teacher said was, "Let's choose an exam piece to learn."
I stared. Had I heard her right? Did she say exam piece? Even though Imogen and Charlotte have done lots of exams, I have never done one in my life!
It seemed that I had heard her right. My teacher opened up a music book and sat down on the stool to play some pieces for me to choose from. I listened eagerly. I couldn't believe that I was going to do an exam.
As my teacher finished the last piece she turned to me. "Which did you like best?" she asked.
I thought about it and then turned the pages over to my favourite piece. My teacher played the first bit to make sure it was the right piece and then turned back to me. "Your turn."
I sat down at the piano and started to play. The piece was much easier than I had thought it would be and soon I had finished the first page.
After my lesson I ran over to the car where Mum was waiting. "I am going to take an exam," I called, jumping in.
She smiled. "I bet you can't wait."
When I got home I told everyone else my news. They were all very impressed.
"I told you Christine would want you to do an exam, didn't I," Imogen said. I grinned. I hadn't believed her at the time.
Mum is right, I can't wait. It will

########
Rank: 20
Score: 45.167767
Retrieved Text: -something I have been too shy to do up until this point.
I have been fortunate to meet a number of the teachers at the Academy who are all very kind and welcoming. Recently, RMA hosted a recital at a local jazz bar for all the students that wanted to participate. It was a fantastic night and very well organised. Each student that took part played a piece which was followed by a warm applause from the very kind audience of mostly friends and family of each of the students. This was my first ever recital and I can’t wait for the next event which is scheduled for 2014. I have attended a number of music schools and have never come across a more personal, welcoming and humble school than the Richmond Music Academy. I highly recommend this school for any student, intro or advanced as they have a wide range of teachers to meet every level.
I have been taking guitar lessons at Richmond Music Academy every week for over three years now. When i started I knew nothing about playing a guitar. Adrian Burruto has taught me all of the basics, how to read music, understand rhythm and beat, how to play notes and chords and we have even completed a few contemporary songs. He is a great teacher, is very patient and relates really well to his students.
As I work full time my guitar passion is just a hobby so I cannot dedicate 100% of my time to this. With the skills that i have

########
Rank: 21
Score: 45.049126
Retrieved Text: When my oldest was an active, playful 18 month old, he asked: “Can I play violin?” That was one of his first full sentences.
We did not have a violin or piano in our home. I wondered how he knew what a violin was. I asked around, and other moms told me that children as young as three study violin. No one else I spoke to had a child asking to play an instrument.
During that time, we moved and I had our second son. When my oldest was three, I met a woman in my yoga class who was beginning a new group of 3- and 4-year old violin students in the fall. I asked her if I should take seriously his request despite his young age, and she said yes, of course.
I remember sitting outside in the sunshine on my deck, when I told my three-year old son that I was going to take him to see a lesson if he still wanted to learn. He said: “Mom, I’m sorry I’ve been so mean to you lately.” I was silenced.
My son climbed down, walked up to the teacher and said: “That was the most beautiful music I’ve ever heard.” He had never heard live violin music before.
My husband I had never studied music. Nine years after deciding to honor my young son’s wishes, my oldest and youngest play violin, my second son plays cello and drums, and all three play piano. My husband and I have learned some violin and piano as adults. In our house,

########
Rank: 22
Score: 44.788975
Retrieved Text: In more than 10 years as a piano teacher, I’ve noticed that my students’ parents invariably ask the same basic questions. It made me realize how little material there is out there to guide those who need practical information about how and when children should begin formal music instruction. With that in mind, I’ve compiled a list of the top five questions I hear most frequently.
1. How do I know if my child is ready for music lessons?
Some children show a natural interest in wanting to play a certain instrument such as the piano or guitar, or in singing. I tell parents to follow the child’s instincts with lessons – if they’re ready, they’ll tell you.
At the same time, watch your kids for signs like constant humming or tapping with their fingers. That’s a clear sign of musical interest that you should consider developing as soon as possible, no matter how old the child. You can adjust the intensity of lessons or rate of practice if they are especially young (3-4 years old is on the younger side).
If your child has not shown an interest in one particular musical instrument, but you want to incorporate music into their education, I recommend starting with piano lessons for a couple of reasons. First, the piano is a great way to introduce music theory to your child. which can then be transferred to other instruments and voice. Second, the learning curve for picking up piano technique is not nearly as steep as other instruments. This allows the student to

########
Rank: 23
Score: 44.676365
Retrieved Text: Jerred is an enthusiastic, energetic, and patient pianist with a B.A. in Jazz Piano Performance from Lewis and Clark College. Jerred first started playing piano at a very young age and continued playing all throughout elementary and middle school. In high-school, he learned what jazz music was and fell in love with the idea of spontaneous improvisation. While trying to improve his technique as well as his sight-reading, it was in jazz that he really found his calling. Thus began his studies with a great jazz pianist, Randy Porter, where he found his fingers wrapping themselves around his own music in a way he never thought possible.
Chris White is one of our 3 Guitar teacher’s here at Adagio. Growing up in the Houston area, Chris first picked up the guitar at the age of 14. He worked in many different fields throughout his early years of playing before he fully decided to pursue his passion of music professionally and, then, also began teaching. Chris is currently studying Jazz music at the Houston Community College music program and has previously studied classical, rock, and blues. He has been playing professionally and teaching in the Houston area for about 3 years now and is passionate about sharing his God-given talent and knowledge of music with students.
Facility on the guitar and understanding the mechanics of the instrument.
Sight reading and the ability to understand written music.
Understanding the importance of being able to perform for a listener’s enjoyment.
Supplemental material may be sent home on a case by case basis depending on

########
Rank: 24
Score: 44.581207
Retrieved Text: For my housemates and me, our go-to recreational TV show we watch when we have time is Glee. It started with finding the first half of Season 1 on DVD in the house, and I remember that first week before we had work, we would watch two, sometimes three episodes at a time laughing at hilarious Sue Sylvester lines to hearing something amazing coming from the voice of Rachel Barry's character. One thing I like about Glee is that even though it may seem like they break into song wherever they are (it the last episode before Rachel and her mom sang Lady Gaga's "Poker Face", the piano player randomly showed up. Rachel said: "He seems to always be around".) they do it in a very authentic atmosphere---they are a show choir club, and when they sing, it's most likely because they're "completing the assignment" for the week.
In this same way, I've noticed that by having my guitar at St. Francis College, playing and singing a song authentically happens with me in the high school just like it does (somewhat) in the show's McKinley High.
In my second week at the school, one of the English teachers told me I could help out with a play he's directing produced by the seniors. I remember walking into the chapel where they were kind of messing around, one guy on the piano, another on a guitar, another on a drums, others practicing choreography. I told them, "Que puedo hacer? Estoy aqui para ayudar. (What can I do? I'm here

########
Rank: 25
Score: 44.483257
Retrieved Text: Have I mentioned that we are morons? We are. And apparently morons that simply can't be taught. We started out innocently with an acoustic guitar because every family should own one. I'm not sure why, but it's an unwritten rule. We graduated up to drums because it's the height of stupidity as parents of four children. All I can say is thank goodness for a basement, and the fact that I like to hear the sound of drums. Tonight we've added a bass guitar to the mix. Maybe we're subconsciously trying to get the kids to start a rock band. There are those who would call us the cool parents, but I know better. We're simply deranged. I'm not afraid to call it as I see it.
In other news, Micah finished kindergarten today. His class had a clothespin auction to win the leftover classroom snacks. He came home with goldfish crackers, Cookie Crisp cereal, potato chips and animal crackers. He was a happy boy. He also gave his aide a parting gift as he peed on her while she tried to take him potty. What a fun last memory that is.
The aide gave me an inside tip that I would want A Certain Homeroom Teacher for Micah next year and that I should call in to the school to request her. I did. The school assigns all Life Skills students to one teacher, and it turns out that it's A Certain Teacher's turn for them next year, so it looks like we'll get a gem. At

########
Rank: 26
Score: 44.408607
Retrieved Text: Danielle and I have just entered our third decade together. So far, so good. But, to be honest, there have been difficult times. Choosing colors for the dining room, for instance. I’m slightly color-blind, which wasn’t the problem. The problem was that I can hold very firm opinions. Sometimes, seemingly at random. At one point, I banned the color green. Then, later, when I went to buy something green, Danielle said, “But you don’t like green.” I asked, “Why would you think that?” and she replied, “Because you said I HATE GREEN.” This surprised me. Did I? No. So, why had I felt so strongly about it at one point? I didn’t know. Maybe there had been a full moon when I said it. Or maybe, as Scrooge suggests about Marley’s ghost, I had been affected by the equivalent of “an undigested bit of beef, a blot of mustard, a crumb of cheese, a fragment of undone potato.” Over the years, we’ve realized that it’s best if I recuse myself from those household decisions where I might stake a strong, yet arbitrary, stance.
Games have been another dangerous area. We love them, and we are both highly competitive. At times, trash-talking has led to not-talking. Then there is the issue that Danielle likes to learn the rules to play the game; I like to learn the rules to game the system. And, she has never conceded that for some games, like Uno, cheating should be considered a basic part of playing. So, years ago, we recognized, regretfully,

########
Rank: 27
Score: 44.34505
Retrieved Text: He was born in Antigua Guatemala. He wanted to be a musician since he was a little kid. He discovered the electric guitar when he was 5 when he listened to Chuck Berry and his song Johnny B Goode. He started with guitar lessons when he was 9 given by his father. He took drums lessons. When he was 11 he began to play the drums in a Christian church where his family used to attend. They used to play every weekend at the church and sometimes in weddings. He wanted to play the electric guitar but they needed a drummer. He played there until 1998, and then he decided to play football soccer.
He began playing in Antigua’s teen team called Antigua G.F.C for players who wanted to become professionals. He played there until 2001 when he could realize that he wanted to be a musician the rest of his life. In 2002 he continued with guitar lessons. In 2003 he started with piano lessons and he also continued with drums lessons with an English teacher graduated in London’s music academy. In 2004 he continued with guitar and piano lessons and he also participated in singing contests being always in the top 3. In 2005 he studied music composing. In 2006 he studied performing arts (singing and acting) in one of the best composers and record producers’ academy in Guatemala. In 2007 and 2008 he was studying electric guitar by himself, he studied the style of great guitarists in the world such as Jimi Hendrix, Jimmy

########
Rank: 28
Score: 44.29865
Retrieved Text: A six-year-old Chinese-American boy is being called a piano prodigy, after beating out thousands of applicants from around the world in a prestigious musical competition this year.
Winning the prize got him to New York’s famed Carnegie Hall where he was among the youngest to perform.
Visiting New York City for the first time is an exciting experience for many, but William Zhang – had an extra reason to smile. In a few days, he would be playing Carnegie Hall.
The 6-year-old from Atlanta, Georgia, won first prize in the American Protege International Piano and Strings Competition.
What got him there was this amateur video taken by his father.
He’s playing Mozart, one of his favorite composers along with Bach and Chopin.
“Music brings me happiness and I want to bring the audience happiness,” Zhang said. William’s parents say he always responded to music.
“Whenever there is music in the house, he jumps and moves so we just feel he loves music,” said Julie Wang, William Zhang’s mother.
When he was just two they bought him a $20,000 piano. Their friends thought they were crazy. But they had a hunch he would take a liking to the instrument.
Zhang’s parents wanted him to start lessons at two or three but everyone told them he was too young.
“We feel very frustrated. He can punch the little key and make some beautiful sound and why don’t you teach him But no, nobody want to teach him,” Wang said.
So his parents, who didn’t play instruments themselves, taught him to play baby songs. Then at four and a half

########
Rank: 29
Score: 44.10301
Retrieved Text: Written for Mr. Tommy Bensberg on his 90th birthday.
When I got my first job as a band director in Harmony Grove Mr. and Mrs. Bensberg were some of my best supporters. I used to enjoy visiting their store in Camden, Arkansas, and am now amazed when I think of the time Mr. Bensberg would take to visit with a young upstart music teacher like me.
I already had a lot of respect for the Bensberg name because of my friendship with several Camden musicians during high school including David Garrison, Sherry Benton, Martha Jane Smith, Bruce Belin, and Danny Tate. We formed a little band called Spirit Wind. All of the voices were trained by Mrs. Bensberg and they could sing!
While teaching at Harmony Grove I got the idea that I wanted to learn to play the bass guitar. I rented one from Mr. Bensberg for about three months and then brought it back, realizing that I didn’t have the desire necessary to practice that instrument and learn how to teach band, too!
Toward the end of that year at Harmony Grove I had the good judgment to ask Becca O’Neal to marry me. She had come up through the Warren Band and Choir programs under Mary Lou and Curry Martin. I got the idea of getting Becca a piano as a wedding gift and called Mary Lou Martin for advice. I then went straight to Bensberg’s Music Store. Once I settled on a piano, I asked if my bass guitar rental might be applied toward the purchase

================



======= Instance Index 4589 =========
Input Text: John came to see Sam and Sam kicked him out.  Sam didn't like company.  He prefered what?
Choose the most suitable option to answer the above question.
Options:
- you
- abbreviation
- solitude
- loneliness
- alone

Target Text: solitude

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 54.45252
Retrieved Text: February 5, 2007 a friend and I were returning from western Canada to Ontario. My husband is a pilot so we were on family passes.
It was a large plane with two first class sections separated by curtains and 3 rows of seats consisting of 2 seats an aisle, 3 seats an aisle, and 2 seats. My friend Sam and I each had aisle seats and sat across from each other; me in the 2 seats and he in the 3 seats. The aisle separated us. Sam’s row was empty and my window seat was empty until the very last passenger boarded who sat next to me. He was a very nice man who said his name was “John.” He carried a small box with handles he’d made out of very sturdy tape. He was quite friendly to Sam and me and chatted away. Then suddenly he ignored Sam and would only speak to me. I had brought a package of nuts on board with me. I offered some to John. He took the package and handed it back to me empty saying “Thanks. That hit the spot.” I found this odd but not concerning, thinking that maybe he didn’t realize I was sharing, not giving.
I was reading a magazine and noticed he was looking as well. I then began asking him at each page if he was done. Suddenly he started telling me what I was to look at and for how long. At this point I was getting a little uneasy. He kept saying God

########
Rank: 1
Score: 53.82049
Retrieved Text: The trio put the church behind them. Nobody talked about it, they just watched as it grew smaller and smaller in the distance, until it was gone. Out of sight, out of mind.
Dean was quietly relieved to be back on the road. Sure, he wanted what was best for Sam and Megan, which was a home. Or at least some place to call home. Dean knew that somewhere deep down, he wanted that too. But he was a hunter, and hunters were nomads. Whatever he wanted didn't matter. This was what he was good at: driving down the highway with Sammy at his side and a gun in his lap. Even though the world had all but ended, there were still monsters out there, and people to save. Who knows how many more travelers those pyschos would have killed in the name of God if they hadn't put an end to their delusions? This was what it meant to be a hunter, and if Dean wasn't a hunter...then he what was he?
As Sam sat in the passenger seat, he couldn't stop thinking about the priest. Father Gregory was only trying to do what was best for his group. He thought what he was doing was truly what God would've wanted. He did what he thought was right, yet he was so, so wrong. Honestly, Sam felt he could relate. Sam was always doing what he thought was right but nothing good ever came of it. Luckily, he had Dean to help him, but he couldn't rely

########
Rank: 2
Score: 53.654106
Retrieved Text: Sam always left a mess after he was finished eating. He never put the lids back on the mayonnaise. He never closed the top of the box of cereal and he never put things back in the cupboard or refrigerator. Not once had he picked up his dishes and put them in the sink. Sam's mom scolded him every day, but he didn't listen. He'd finish eating and then run off to play. Sam loved playing with his friends more than he liked cleaning up after himself.
Saturday was Sam's birthday. His mom was throwing a party for him. "Sam, I'll let you have a birthday party only if you promise to clean up after yourself for the rest of the week."
"All right, Mom. I will. I promise." Sam kissed his mom and started working on birthday party invitations.
He invited all of his friends from school and from his neighborhood.
On Saturday morning, Sam was so excited. He helped his mom blow up balloons and decorate the house. He stared at his birthday cake and watched as his mom put the ice cream in the freezer.
When his friends arrived, they played games and had birthday cake and ice cream and then opened presents. Jill gave Sam a box of donuts. Ben gave Sam a dozen chocolate bars. Bill gave Sam ten brownies and two chocolate eclairs. Sandra gave him a toy car. Jeff gave him a box of toy soldiers and Andy gave him some marbles. He got a lot more toys from his friends. After the party

########
Rank: 3
Score: 53.453407
Retrieved Text: Supernatural: Sam. Dean. But not Sam and Dean.
The evolution of Supernatural continues.
We open with some scenes of domestic life, interspersed with similar scenes from hunting. Dean grabs the salt for the kitchen table, and we see a flashback to the Winchesters salting and burning bones. Dean uses power tools at work, and we see him slicing up a vampire with a power saw. It's an effective way to show how Dean's life has changed.
And even more so, when Dean is sitting at a bar talking with his suburbanite neighbor about his past, explaining how he was in "pest control."
"You wouldn't believe what some people have in their walls," he says.
The waitress slips him her number. Dean doesn't do more than glance at it before tearing it up. That's the new Dean for you.
Leaving the bar, he hears a scream, and he grabs his pistol and enters a building being renovated. He finds blood, and some large, scary claw marks, but nothing else. Later, he calls the police to see if any missing persons had been reported, but nothing. Lisa catches him, and he hides what he's doing. He checks to make sure his Devil's Trap is still intact under the front door rug before turning in for the night.
The next day, he sees more claw marks, and stops to follow them to a neighbor's shed. Around the door, he finds sulfur, but he kicks it open, only to just a small Yorkie inside. His friend spots him, and asks if he was about to shoot the

########
Rank: 4
Score: 53.396915
Retrieved Text: Supernatural Hellatus Re-Watch: Am I Becoming a Sam Girl?
It’s been a while since I’ve re-watched the entire series of Supernatural (I think I’ve actually only done it twice, which is shocking to me since I’ve watched the entirety of shows like Arrested Development, The IT Crowd, and Bob’s Burgers like…seven thousand times). Since we’re on the summer hellatus, I figured this would be the perfect time to start over from the very beginning.
I just have to say that I love, love, love the first season. It’s full of urban legends, MOTW episodes, and it’s way before the boys had to worry about stuff like the apocalypse, The Cage, crossroad demon deals, The Darkness, and all the craziness. It was a simpler time, wasn’t it? In fact, in the episode “Phantom Traveler,” Dean says that dealing with demons is way out of their league. Of course that’s hilarious since these days exorcising demons is so second nature that they’ve literally made a voice note on their phones to exorcise demons for them.
…I just…I just like…worry a lot about my brother making good choices and not dying in car crashes, but yeah, Dean, I totally get you. Hashtag Older Sibling Problems, amirite?
…and then completely uproots his entire life to avenge the death of his true love (and his mom, but mainly Jess).
Sometimes it’s easy for me to forget where Sam has been on “the road so far”. For me, the stuff that have always stuck in my mind about Sam’s journey were things like his demon blood addiction,

########
Rank: 5
Score: 53.351913
Retrieved Text: I think this film deserves a thread of its own; so here it is.
I've been wanting to see this film ever since it came out, but it never got a cinema release in Hull, and I couldn't even find it online. It finally came out on DVD this Monday and I watched it last night.
Fantastic film. Sci-fi is not usually a genre that interests me but I found this film utterly compelling from beginning to end. Sam Rockwell is superb; I've always been a fan of his work, in films like Matchstick Men and Confessions of a Dangerous Mind, but this is without a doubt his greatest performance to date.
I thought having Kevin Spacey voice GERTY was a masterstroke. Spacey is so often the creepy bad guy that I expected GERTY to be working against Sam(s); so it was nice swerve to see how much GERTY genuinely cared for Sam. And the smiley faces were excellent.
I remember some interesting posts about Moon in the New Films thread but it's difficult trying to locate them all; it'd be great if we could discuss it in more depth here - and without the entire discussion in spoiler tags.
I'm still confused on how many clones we actually saw throughout the film? I think my count was at least five or six, but there's possibly more.
And I wasn't sure if we were to assume that Tess was killed by the Lunar company? Or if she just died naturally?
I thought having Kevin Spacey voice GERTY was a masterstroke. Spacey is so

########
Rank: 6
Score: 53.18613
Retrieved Text: Guys, I love Sparkle. I'm super super sad by this teaser death. I think this is possibly the first teaser death that I'm gut-wrenched over, because I have a thing for non-gender-compliant men.
So, let's skip to Sam waking up at 6:30 am... and he's ADORABLE. And he's had a hair-cut and it looks really good! I like that length of hair on Sammy. Sam goes on to do a great impression of me in the mornings, only I never get up at 6:30am. That is the devil.
Sam is surprised in the kitchen by a table full of sweets. And then an imaginary friend! I think it's kinda neat how they did this shot, because everyone is like a little kid when they first wake up, and then there's Sam's little-kid imaginary friend. It's a cool sort of.. unconscious ease into the premise and the characters.
Dean orders Sam to join him in the library and he even walks out of the room like a chastized little kid. Also... guys, were there ALWAYS two doors to the kitchen!?! This has blown my mind.
Anyway, floorplan aside - we find out that Sam indeed had an imaginary friend when he was 9 years old. And this is where I realize that Sam was 8 when he found out that hunting was real, and so he needed a Zanna because he was probably FREAKED.... oh man, emotions.
So, we find out that Zanna guard and protect lost children. Sam wants to help, so it's off to Wisconsin!
When they arrive, they decide OUTSIDE

########
Rank: 7
Score: 53.108883
Retrieved Text: Okay, your analysis of that beginning conversation is a perfect encapsulization of how the Winchester style of communicating is so f***ed up and makes me want to strangle them!!!
And pretty much yes to everything else you said as well!
Yeah, the Winchesters have a pretty f*cked up style of communication. It's interesting though, that the f*cked up-ed-ness of it all comes from a)trying to communicate through action rather than words, and b)trying to juggle how you should behave with how society thinks you should be behave.
The problem is, and always has been, that Sam and Dean can't talk about their feelings - because they were raised in a hyper-masculine environment that forbade emotions and the admission of possessing them.
Which, just circles around to my belief that one of the themes of Supernatural is exploring how f*cked up a solely masculine world would be... which is why I think the show is pretty feminist despite not having any regular female characters.
The "are you okay" Sam-feels analysis was very interesting. I can't agree or disagree until I sit down and watch those episodes over but it fits with a lot of people's assessment of our Season 9 situation and interesting to think about (cause, man, we don't have much to go on aye? All we can do is speculate.).
and Dean HAS been known to take his emotional pain out on hunts to the jeopardy of them both.
Woa... which particular instances were you thinking of? My image is more of Dean not letting his feelings get in the way of

########
Rank: 8
Score: 52.79939
Retrieved Text: Samantha Marie Ramsden has three brothers. Craig, John and Matt. When tragedy strikes their family, Craig takes on the task of becoming his siblings legal guardian. It's hard enough being someone's guardian, but when you've only recently entered adulthood yourself it's almost impossible to know where to draw the line between sibling and 'parent'.
The door creaked open and her mother entered. Sam had the same blonde hair as her mother. Her eyes were her own though. Changing from blue, to grey, to blue-grey, to green or any combination of these colors seemingly simultaneously. Sandra's hand approached her daughter's shoulder and she shook her roughly awake. The clock on the wall read three o' clock in the morning. Sam rubbed her eyes. "Come on!" Her mother said as she looked over her shoulder. "Get out of bed, now!" She grabbed a hammer from the toolbox they kept in Sam's room, went to the boarded up window and started tearing the boards to the floor. Wood splintered through the air. "Go on." She gestured to the window. "Get out. Go."
Sam hesitated for half a second then climbed through. She knew she couldn't ask questions. She got into trouble when she asked questions.
"Don't try to run away from me!" The hoarse shout came from behind them. Sam's father. Sam knew what it meant when he was like this.
Sandra pushed Sam into the car, ran to the other side and jumped in. "Mommy." Sam said as they went speeding past houses. "What's wrong?"
"If you must know, your father's more drunk

########
Rank: 9
Score: 52.20358
Retrieved Text: In 1995 in Lawton, Oklahoma. There were four kids: Conor, Robbymcdiggle, Sam, and Jeff. They went to go play UNCHARTED 4 at Jeff's house on 14th street near the convention center.
The private convention is called the U.S.G.E.L which stand for United States Government experimental lab.
All four of them know an incident happened a few days ago but still it is unknown what happened. As they are playing Conor's mom calls and said dinner is ready. As the 3 boys Conor, Sam, and Robbymcdiggle leave, Conor is left alone riding on his bike. As he passes the [U.S.G.E.L], his light starts blinking and the secondhe looks up he sees a shadow and falls to the ground into the close convention which happens to be in the middle of the forest which is contaminated.
After a day passes, his mom realizes that her son Conor is missing or hiding. As she calls the community police, his brother Eric came from school not knowing that his brother Conor was not there.
The community police were on its way. After the police took her to the police station, the police asked her questions. She said that he went to jeffs house and that's the only thing that she knows Conor did.
Two minutes later the neighbors call and said that they found Connors' bike. The police then go to the site. the community police bob checks it and sees a weird goo on it.
The next day the 3 kids go into the contaminated forest they see this giant rocky entrance and go into

########
Rank: 10
Score: 51.942673
Retrieved Text: A/N: I tried not to write this. It simply wouldn't leave me alone. There are two versions of the tale . Spoilers for 'Scarecrow'. Meet Sacrifice!Dean and Darkside!Sam.
Warnings: Dark, sad, mean piece of mental flotsam. Not a deathfic. More like character... destruction , I guess. Losing Sam would kill Dean; but losing Dean would make Sam kill.
Sam tries hard not to think about how easy murder is, now. And then he reloads.
The end of the world came the second week of April.
Sam returned to Burkitsville after a night of traveling, worried when Dean didn't answer his phone. He knew something was wrong. He'd reached a point early on the previous evening where stealing a car had seemed like a good idea, but the opportunity didn't present itself. He hitchhiked and hoofed it and had too much time to think.
The town was damp gravel and bracing April air, silver morning light on old growth trees as he walked the last mile in. He purposely didn't ask around about Dean. He wasn't sure what he was walking into. There was a scarecrow that stepped down off its own cross, and in no way had that gone unnoticed by the locals. Dean had shot at it, had taken something from it. In a place this small, this snug, the missing strangers and gunshots in the dark weren't trivialities. They knew. He walked through and he could smell it. There was a pagan god not just loose here but welcomed as well as feared. Whether it held them hostage or

########
Rank: 11
Score: 51.807487
Retrieved Text: learn a lesson from a new boy who has hope in a Father he's never seen.
CHILD # 1-4 (Not gender specific) Orphans.
SAM: A new orphan boy that shows other orphans the true meaning of "Thanksgiving".
November and will follow these children through the course of a full year.
CHILD # 1: (In discussion with other children) Do you remember your parents?
CHILD # 2: No, they died before my first birthday.
CHILD # 3: I remember my mom, she's the one that brought me here.
CHILD # 4: That's harsh.
CHILD # 3: I guess she just couldn't afford to keep me.
and no one seems to leave.
CHILD # 4: Johnny got a home last year, didn't he?
CHILD # 3: Yea, but Jenny, Stacy and Zach all came after he left.
CHILD # 2: One leaves and three arrive.
CHILD # 1: Not good odds my friends.
and reads from it) Please come up with three things you are thankful for.
me so much - why am I here?
CHILD # 3: No one takes us shopping.
of paper wondering what to write) So, what should I put down?
Put down whatever you want. There's nothing for me to be thankful for.
CHILD # 1-4: (In unison) Who are you?
SAM: My name is Sam.
any hope for a future with parents.
SAM: I don't believe it. Somebody will come for us - you'll see.
those who took care of him and he was nice to all the other children.
CHILD # 2: What are you doing Sam? Trying to get on our jailer's good side?
people who guard this place and keep us from doing fun

########
Rank: 12
Score: 51.661644
Retrieved Text: What was happening inside George's house was visible from his window. Today, he was sitting in front of the fireplace. He kept aside the doll, bowed against the fireplace and rubbed his forehead on the ground. During all this, he was continuously chanting something. After a while, he got up and made a strange shrieking sound. It was so unexpected that Sam, his partner and the man standing at the window jumped. Then an eerie silence followed. They shared a puzzled look.
"Mr. Ronald Parker, it’s your turn now” George said to the doll, picking it up.
Suddenly the doorbell rang. George looked towards the door. He held back the doll, placing it where it was before on the ground and came to the front door and opened it. Sam and his partner were standing at the door. The third person that brought them there seemed to have vanished.
“Mr. Collins, I am arresting you on the suspicion of the murder of Steven Smith and Paul Roberts. You have the right to remain silent but anything you say can and will be used against in the court of law" Detective Sam declared as the door opened.
No emotions appeared on George's face. He came forward calmly.
Before placing any handcuffs on George, Sam decided to ask him a few questions.
"Who else stays here with you?”.
" I live alone" George answered.
"But according to our sources, your father also lives here" George stated.
" Yes, he used to ... but now he has gone"
" Oh. I am so sorry. When did it happen?"
" After

########
Rank: 13
Score: 51.577374
Retrieved Text: Crowley: "In the flesh. Of a moderately successful literary agent out of New York."
We've come full circle. What happened to Jess in the pilot episode was a huge open plot thread, and it has just been sewn up. (Is that a mixed metaphor?) Poor Jess. Poor Brady, too, since he must have been alive in there and suffering for years, like Meg.
Mark Sheppard as Crowley was a joy to watch. He was so incredibly sincere and so incredibly slippery that I kept expecting him to double cross Dean and/or Sam at any moment – but he didn't. Just at the point where I started to believe he was telling the truth about his motivations, he showed up at Bobby's and started talking him out of his soul. I absolutely do not believe Crowley was telling Bobby the whole truth. Although, oddly, I do believe that Crowley will be able to provide Death's coordinates in response to a wish, because it makes story sense.
Did Crowley lie about the Colt? Is he secretly working for Lucifer? What sort of demon is Crowley? Yes, I remember that he's the boss of the Crossroads Demons, but how can he vanish and reappear like an angel? You don't suppose he's one of those evil angels in disguise? No, couldn't be; he had his own very large hellhound. But it would be a fun twist.
I kept expecting Sam to lose it. Jared kept making his angry face, which looks a lot like constipated face. In fact, nearly anyone would have lost it

########
Rank: 14
Score: 51.55534
Retrieved Text: who passed away by natural causes in March 19, 2008 at an age of 81.
Sam had a life-long love and relation to the record business.
From Doo-Wop in the early 50's to Hip-Hop & Rap in the 90's, he covered it all.
Most known he probably became for his Disco releases through his SAM Records.
The world will miss another Disco pioneer and we thank him for all the wonderful music and memories he has given us over the years!
Sam Weiss started his own SAM Records in Long Island City, New York in 1976.
But Sam was no newcomer in the music business; he had actually been in the record industry since the mid 50's together with his brother Hy Weiss.
The Weiss brothers were born in Romania in the 1920's, but the family moved to Bronx in New York City when the boys were just a few years old.
Hy, who was the older of the two brothers, first got into the record business and became a salesman for popular Rhythm and Blues labels like Apollo, Exclusive, Jubilee and Modern. Hy brought in his brother Sam as he was talented in negotiating and Sam managed to get them the East coast distribution deal for these West coast labels, through their distribution company - Win Records. NY�s first record distribution company.
In the late 1940's the Weiss brothers started their first own recording company, called Parody. Things sadly didn't work out and the company was folded.
But the guys didn't throw in the towel; in 1954 they were back when they started Old Town

########
Rank: 15
Score: 51.427902
Retrieved Text: A man was walking hunched over as though reeling from a severe blow. He clutched however a valise tight as though his life depended on it. On the way he met one man who was in no better condition than he was. He was waiting for someone in the middle of nowhere.
Each one looked at other and they came together.
Then the first man with the valise opened up. He asked what was he there for.
The second man explained that he was there to meet a man who should be selling his life back.
Second man looked at the man once over, from head to toe. “OK. Let have a look.” He held it out.
He peered into it and glanced at him curiously. Then he shot his hand into it.
“With a valise having no bottom?” He laughed.
“Yes,” Death was in dead earnest. He added, “I shall not leave here. Either you or dreams you sell must fill in my valise.” They shook hands and waited.
“Hop in his car. ” With alacrity he hopped in the flashy car and they drove off.
Oh boy there was no let up! The man who sold dreams was indeed busy. Men came in droves and ladies had their wish-list. How confidently he handled every request! Each one went off on cloud number nine! So much noise they created and the man who sold dreams looked still fresh as roses in bloom.
By sundown. He had done his day’s work and whom does he see but Death?
Death was slouching all the more and dragged his

########
Rank: 16
Score: 51.32185
Retrieved Text: The drummer Steve Ellington, who worked with Sam Rivers, Roland Kirk, Dave Holland, Art Farmer, Hal Galper, Hampton Hawes & others has died.
Oh no, this is very sad news...sorry to hear this. I was a big fan of his work with Sam Rivers, and especially his work on Dave Holland's "Jumpin' In." Was also lucky enough to meet him and hear him in person when he came to the University of New Hampshire in the early 90s. A fantastic, underrated player.
Sad news. Fine drummer; always tasteful.
"Jumpin' In" is where I first heard him ... and when opening up a huge Mosaic package and pulling out the Rivers, I was most pleased to find him there again. Still don't know much more.
Steve Ellington (* July 26 1941 in Atlanta ) is an American drummer of modern jazz , the important other drummers like Tony Williams , Billy Hart and Jack DeJohnette affected.
Ellington had as a child piano and singing lessons. From the age of nine he turned self-taught the drums too. He played rhythm and blues , among others with Ray Charles.
In 1961 he studied at the Boston Conservatory of Music. Since that time, he worked with Sam Rivers , on the albums he was involved several times, was another long-standing collaboration with Dave Holland . Ellington also worked with Donald Byrd , Freddie Hubbard , Billy Eckstine , Hampton Hawes , Rahsaan Roland Kirk , Michel Petrucciani and Maxine Sullivan . Only occasionally, he led his own groups. In the 1990s he worked primarily with the

########
Rank: 17
Score: 51.28688
Retrieved Text: I’m going to break from my usual format for this review, and instead of analyzing the details of this episode that no one cares about, I’m going to focus mostly on these two thoughts.
Sam and Dean have issues. I think there are two levels to what we’re seeing here – the emotional fallout from a betrayal of trust, and a fundamental difference in philosophy (which I’ll dig into in the second section). But first, I want to address the emotional part.
Despite what Sam is currently saying, Sam and Dean are brothers, and family does lash out at each other in hurtful ways to degrees where politer friendships wouldn’t dare to go. While Sam inserted the knife last week, saying they could hunt together but wouldn’t be brothers, this week he turned it. Sam reminded and reaffirmed that they are not brothers anymore, suggested Dean keeps swooping in to save Sam because Dean can’t be alone, and finally said that if the circumstances were the same, he wouldn’t have done the same thing (tricked Dean into becoming possessed to save him).
We mostly see Supernatural through Dean’s eyes. The first half of the season, while Dean was making the deal with the angel he presumed to be Ezekiel, we saw mostly Dean’s perspective and the guilt he was feeling. He knew he was doing something Sam wouldn’t want, and that Sam would eject the angel if he knew the truth. We also saw Dean express that he didn’t have a choice, and that he was doing what he

########
Rank: 18
Score: 50.616238
Retrieved Text: I woke up early, went to the bathroom to get ready and done my hair and brushed my teeth. I walked out the bathroom and noticed that Sam was just up with ruffled hair and sleep in his eyes. I laughed. "How the hell are you up so early? And how do you look good doing it?", he asked. "It&apos;s routine habit", I laughed. I shook Sherlock awake. He didnt get up. I leaned over him to put the light on and he grabbed me and pulled me back into bed, he started cuddling me. "Sher", i laughed. "We have to get up". "Sherlock Holmes... let me go", i smiled. "WILLIAM SHERLOCK SCOTT HOLMES", I yelled. He still didnt wake up. Mikey and John did and they came over to our bed straight away and they started laughing. Mr Holmes and Mrs Holmes came in with a baseball bat. Sam came running through the door shirtless and his toothbrush in his mouth. "He wont get off of me", I sighed. Everyone laughed apart from Sam. "I wriggled free and fell out the bed. Everyone rushed to help me up as our bed was quite high up. It had 5 small stairs and everything. I landed bad on my ankle and twisted it. I yelled out in pain. Sherlock got up with a jolt as John and Sam lifted me up to the chair. "Oh god! JESUS WHAT HAPPENED!", Sherlock yelled looking panicked. John examined my ankle. "She was trying to get out of the bed, she

########
Rank: 19
Score: 50.247204
Retrieved Text: FERNANDINA BEACH - Sam Dubetsky spent hours playing pick-up basketball at the local YMCA. He had been preparing to try out for his high school basketball team.
After a few games, Sam found himself extremely exhausted, more exhausted than a spry 17-year-old should be. He would come home midday, hit the bed and sleep well into the night. It worried Sam's mom, Gail Matini. She didn't know what was wrong, so she took her son to a cardiologist.
It turned out, Matini said, that Sam was growing too fast. Sam was growing so fast that he was developing a 40-degree arch in his back, an arch that made him slouch like a caveman.
The doctors "told me my spine was one inch from my sternum," Sam said.
Sam thought he just had terrible posture, but the truth was he needed surgery.
Despite his surgery - and the subsequent two surgeries to adjust his chest - Sam has managed to keep up in school. He will graduate from Fernandina Beach High School this spring and is now pursuing admission to Florida State College at Jacksonville in the fall.
When Sam learned he needed surgery, part of him believed he might be able to play basketball again. He sat in a hospital room with his mom as the doctor laid it all out.
"The heart surgeon told us that if Sam didn't get this surgery, he'd be in a wheelchair or dead," Matini said. What's more, surgery would mean no more competitive basketball.
It was a tough decision, but Matini made the final call: surgery.
"I only

########
Rank: 20
Score: 50.083214
Retrieved Text: ​It was time for Sam to buy a new washing machine so he sidled up to the landline phone they never used and stuffed the paper his wife, Nancy, printed out with the exact make, model and price of the exact washing machine she, and by extension Sam, wanted, in his pocket and walked out the front door.
Easy enough. Those were the words Sam thought in that exact order in his own head. Soon, he would consider engraving those words on his tombstone.
Sam entered the store with a positive outlook on life in general and washing machines in particular. He scanned the rows and rows of things he would never use and never know the name of, finding the customer service counter and striding up to it like a man who knows what he's doing. "Hello, my good man," he threw his charm like spaghetti on a wall. "Can you help me?" There was a silence that lasted, Sam thought, longer than necessary.
The clerk looked up, folding his arms. Then he said, "So you're here, huh?"
Sam said, after a pause, "I am."
"And who are you, may I ask?"
The clerk nodded. "That's entirely possible."
Sam nodded back. He wasn't sure why. He looked at the clerk. The clerk looked at Sam. "You can help me?"
"I don't remember responding to that particular question."
"Oh," Sam said. "I asked it."
"Yes," The clerk said. "And as I mentioned but a moment ago, I do not remember responding to that particular question that you--" He gestured toward Sam.
The clerk waved the name away.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 50.07323
Retrieved Text: ST. LOUIS - Michael Sam dismissed the thought that his sexuality has cost him a spot in the NFL.
"I don't like to think that way," Sam said in an Oprah Winfrey Network documentary that aired Saturday night. "But I do believe I'm a very talented football player and I'm going to continue working hard and try to get that opportunity to play in the league."
"It didn't need to be public," Sam said. "Why do gay people have to do it?"
The production was billed as the player's first TV appearance since being cut by the Dallas Cowboys in mid-October and played like a personal "Hard Knocks." The 90-minute program was followed by a one-on-one with Winfrey, who asked Sam whether he believed sexual orientation is hurting his chances, and how long he'd keep trying.
The documentary details countless anxious hours during the NFL draft, which Sam called "the longest three days of my life." The New York Jets telephoned his agents to say they weren't interested, and the Cowboys texted to say they were out, too.
"In that moment, I was like 'I don't care what happens. I made the right choice to come out,'" Sam said.
Sam kissed and hugged Cammisano and then the two smashed cake in each other's faces as a national television audience looked on.
"Some say the kiss, the cake, it was all just too much," Winfrey said in the voiceover prom for the program. "Some say he wasn't good enough. Others say he should have never come out, one saying during the introduction to the

########
Rank: 22
Score: 50.02349
Retrieved Text: Anyone else have an imaginary friend as a kid?
Supernatural Season 11 Episode 8 revealed Sam had one when he was younger, or at least he had a Zana by his side while Dean and John were off hunting.
As for the Supernatural Round Table panelists? Well, you’ll just have to read on to find out! Plus, TV Fanatic staff writers Sean McKenna and Christine Laskodi and The Winchester Family Business’ Alice Jester and Nightsky talk about the addition of Sully and that Sam and Dean car conversation.
Christine: When Dean, totally confused by Sam's erratic behavior and Sully's sudden appearance, offered to go get his gun. That line really got me. Dean's immediate solution is always to get his gun, even in that harmless situation. Oh, Dean... never change.
This scene inspired me both as a person and as a parent. Can we ever love and trust ourselves or our children enough to give permission to do the wrong thing when we know we/they are strong enough to do the right thing?
As for scene (yes, I’m giving both), I’m going with the opening scene in the kitchen when Sully surprised Sam. Marshmallow covered nachos? How awesome! The way that whole scene was shot and written, with both Sam and Dean coming to terms that this imaginary friend was real, was brilliant and quite funny. Dean especially was a riot, wanting to fetch his gun and then going all Dad mode with Sam. Sam actually sulked when ordered to the library!
Sean: I really liked that car conversation at the end

########
Rank: 23
Score: 49.931065
Retrieved Text: Some of you might be confused on who Sam is so let me shed a ray of light on that note. He is a little cute guy full of fur and does nothing but eat, sleep and play all day (and night) long. I got him few months after Yuki flew to heaven and left me brokenhearted and miserable. He even inspired me to browse sites like this pet blog to ease sadness. So yeah, Sam is a dog.
The terrible thing happened few weeks back around 8pm while I was washing the dishes. We usually let Sam just roam around the house (no leash) before bedtime so he can put his energy to good use before sleeping. Unfortunately, my father (or brother?) forgot to close the gates and before we even know it, Sam was gone.
You could just imagine how much I panicked when I learned that Sam got out. I immediately went looking outside---around the yard where our Labradors were, then out. It was dark and we didn't have a clue as to which direction he went so finding him wasn't easy.
I asked the first person I met outside whether he saw a small dog but sadly, he didn't. I didn't really know what else to do that time. I was close to crying when I saw a small movement from the neighborhood and I knew, it was him. My father was the one who found him there. Apparently, Sam went there to "play" with his Aspin enemies friends.
Those fifteen or more minutes are one

########
Rank: 24
Score: 49.92082
Retrieved Text: This interview took place in June 1973 in Nashville, Tennessee.
Rockville International interviewed Bob Neal, one of Elvis Presley's first managers, in the offices of his Bob Neal Talent & Booking Agency in Music City USA. Welcomed at the reception by Bob's lovely wife and after some small talk about Holland, wooden shoes and tulips she introduced us to her husband who, after a firm handshake, offered us a seat and invited us to get the questions rolling.
Looking at your office I see a strong African motive with spears, drums and hides on the wall, not at all what I expected to see in the office of a manager and booking agent.
Oh the reason for the decoration of our offices goes way, way back. I was born in the Congo of Africa on October 6th, 1917. My parents were missionaries and as a youngster, I traveled back and forth between Africa and Europe and later America many times. One time I actually stayed in Brussels, Belgium for over two months.
My mother liked classical music a lot but I did not have a great interest in music while growing up. Like many other kids I took piano-lessons and while in college I joined the chorus-club, but that was about it. Then after I finished college I went into radio.
I was a deejay. In fact at that time, it was before they called them deejays, back in 1939 you were an announcer or a newscaster or whatever. I was in radio for a number of years settling in Memphis

########
Rank: 25
Score: 49.699963
Retrieved Text: John and Sherlock had been traveling together ever since the outbreak had happened. No one had expected it. The day had started out normal. They were on a case: one about a murder. No one expected the corpse to come back alive and start attacking the other officers until Lestrade had shot the victim in the head. Molly had called up, saying the same thing was happening around town. Sherlock of course was trying to find a logical explanation for this, but John could tell Sherlock was stumped. He was too. But due to this, they had already lost some close friends and family members. Mrs. Hudson was one of the first to die from the zombies. John knew how close Sherlock was to her, and he knew Sherlock had changed ever since John had to put her down.
John sighed, looking around as the two wandered through a small town. It seemed abandoned, but John knew better then to assume it was. He had his pistol out, ready in case he needed to use it.
Sam and Dean were in the same situation. Traveling together. And just trying to survive. That was the most important thing to Sam; Dean surviving. Dean was the only thing Sam had left in this world. And keeping him safe was his first priority now. Sam had a knife equipped to his belt as well as a gun. Sam frowned quietly when he heard footsteps. "Dean, hold up." Sam murmured.
sherlock had been oddly silent since mrs. hudson had turned. he wouldn’t speak,

########
Rank: 26
Score: 49.65476
Retrieved Text: Sam was a teacher of great repute.Among the schools that he taugh at was Rongatai College, Raumati District High School, and Wanganui Technical College where he had recieved his own secondary education and where he had boarded at the hostel. He was a housemaster at Wellington College 1951 to 1957 where he numbered among his pupils such well known figures as Sir Paul Reeves, [ Anglican Archbishop and Govenor General of New Zealand] Ken Douglas [Federation of Labour Secretary] and Sir Ron Brierly [ noted industrialist] He was Deputy Principal at Wellington Boys College and Kapiti Coast colleges. He was foundation Principal of Kuranui College at Greytown. From this position he went into retirement. Sam was a keen tramper and a foundation member of the Kurunui Feild Club. He was active in the Greytown Rotary club. In his younger days he was a rugby representative for both Canterbury and Wellington provinces and was captain of the New Zealand University represantitive side during the 1940"s.
Note received from John Goodman July 06 A thought came into my mind today to find if anybody had recorded the history of Sam on the internet. I was delighted to find your site. Sam's wife Betty had been a schoolmate of my stepmother, and I guess it would have been at Marsden School in Karori, Wellington. I boarded at Firth House, Wellington College from 55-57 incl. Sam was the Housemaster there, and lived with his family in a house adja to Firth House. He was a role model to me and I'm

########
Rank: 27
Score: 49.44897
Retrieved Text: Adele, Emeli Sande, Sam Smith, James Bay – all previous winners of the BRITs Critics Choice Award, all with debut albums that sold somewhere between two and 16 million copies worldwide.
No pressure, then, Sam Fender.
Actually, none at all, not from his UK record label, Polydor. Excitement and expectation, yes, but no pressure.
Joint Polydor bosses Ben Mortimer and Tom March don’t do pressure, well, not on their artists, anyway. Instead they are nurturing, plotting, encouraging and preparing.
When did you guys first become aware of Sam?
Ben Mortimer (pictured above, left): For me it was early summer 2017. Big credit must go to Polydor A&R Craig Shardlow, who insisted I let him fly to Madrid to see Sam play.
Craig showed me the original Play God video and, to be fair, I didn’t need much convincing to let him go. Craig came back raving, but at the time Owain Davies [manager] wasn’t in a rush to do a deal.
Luckily, Craig and Richard O’Donovan [A&R Director, Polydor] stayed very close to Sam – following him around the globe to the point of stalking him, for a good 12 months.
What was your first reaction personally on hearing his music and seeing him live?
BM: You could tell he was special. Play God is such a powerful piece of music. And then came other songs that showed serious lyrical maturity.
I first saw Sam live in Newcastle with Craig and Richard in deep mid-winter 2017.
Seeing him in front of his home crowd was a watershed moment. People were going insane. There were no other labels

########
Rank: 28
Score: 49.4245
Retrieved Text: "But... I don't want to..."
"You're so silly, Mel," Krystal said. "It's the best thing a girl could ever wear!"
Mel groaned as she walked down a long aisle of cosmetics. There were eye shadows and lipstick in every shade imaginable. There were hundreds of bottles of nail polish too, even in colors like dung and snot, which Mel thought was disgusting. Sam grabbed some Hoof Polish, and Krystal took a few containers of Krawk Compact to purchase, along with some Krawk Bubble Bath, Krawk Claw Polish, and Krawk Hair Lotion. Mel was hesitant to buy anything.
"Well, Mel, if you're not going to buy any makeup, at least get this hair clip and these earrings. They're, like, super adorable!" Sam exclaimed, holding up a Superstar Hair Clip and a pair of Superstar Earrings. "They'd look really cute on you."
Mel tried to smile. She took the clip and earrings from Sam and stuffed them in her shopping basket. She wasn't really comfortable with wearing makeup yet. Sam had told her that now that they were in seventh grade, they were supposed to wear makeup. But Mel didn't believe that. Only the popular people, and the 'Popular Wannabes' (as Sam and Krystal called them) wore makeup. But then again, Mel was popular, so naturally, Sam and Krystal tried to get her to wear it.
Sam had also told her that wearing makeup made you feel really pretty. But Mel was happy with how she was. Although, she did agree that it made Sam look prettier when she wore it.
While Mel was

########
Rank: 29
Score: 49.412193
Retrieved Text: ... ok, I must admit I'm not surprised Grace can't sleep due to being too good and worrying about something she could let be.
At least when she will be talking with Sam, she wouldn't be scaring Luke.
We have seen Happy Grace.
We have seen Scary Grace.
But Happy Scary Grace is the Scariest of them all.
Damien would have given up far sooner if Happy Scary Grace had confronted him.
I hope that A. Grace makes sure that the conversation is somewhere where no one will overhear, and B. she goes into it with a plan as to what she wants to accomplish and how she's going to approach the situation. This conversation has a lot of potential to upset Sam (which will upset Grace as well) if Grace isn't careful.
Where would Grace find Sam? We do know Sam is still in high school, but which high school? The only place we've seen Sam and Grace together is at Salty Crackers. Since Sam drove to Salty Crackers the night he met Sarah, he might not even live in Moperville, so he could be in a high school we've never heard of.
My favorite answer to this question is that Sam has been at Moperville North all along, but looks very different at school--in other words, like a girl. Hair in a bun, nerdy glasses, maybe even a little makeup--Sam could pull it off. However, this also means Grace couldn't meet Sam at school--unless there was some reason for students from both schools to be together, like, for instance, a basketball game.
The

================



======= Instance Index 1741 =========
Input Text: She had locked her key in her car again, but luckily she always kept a spare in her what?
Choose the most suitable option to answer the above question.
Options:
- own home
- front door
- pocket
- garden gnome
- purse

Target Text: purse

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 54.38836
Retrieved Text: A panicked mother begged 911 to come and break her window after her car malfunctioned and her baby got locked inside, but police refused, twice.
Waterford, MI — A mother took to Facebook this week to express her anger and shock, after she dialed 911 for help to rescue her baby — who was trapped in a hot car — and police essentially told her to get lost, twice.
The incident happened Saturday when Lacey Guyton was leaving her grandparents’ home in Waterford and she strapped her 2-month-old daughter Raina into her carseat for the ride home. After closing the door, Guyton walked around to the other side to get in, but she said she heard the doors “randomly lock” before she made it to the driver’s seat.
Although she has a vehicle that is supposed to prevent the owner from locking their keys in the car, this feature apparently malfunctioned and her keys were locked inside the car, in her diaper back — along with the baby.
Because the car had been sitting in the driveway the entire time Guyton was inside visiting her grandparents, it had become extremely hot inside which was like putting the baby into a sauna.
Guyton immediately found a rock and began banging on the glass to break the window, but it wasn’t working. As she beat the rock on the window, her grandmother dialed 911. And, when the panicked duo told police a 2-month-old baby was locked in a hot car, police responded by saying they don’t send officers to unlock car doors.
Had Guyton

########
Rank: 1
Score: 53.085217
Retrieved Text: A few years ago, one cold winter morning on her way to work, with 10-12 inches of snow on the ground, a young lady who I worked with locked herself out of her car while it sat in the driveway of her home. Not only had she locked her car keys in the car, but she had also locked her house key in the car, and the house was locked too. Her spare keys were, of course, in the house. Finding that she could not enter via the front door, she scrambled around the house, wearing high heels and a dress, in 12 inches of snow looking for an open window. She was finally able to find a window that she could jimmy open enough for her to ungracefully crawl through and thus obtain access to her house and her spare keys.
She marched triumphantly out to her car, opened the driver's side and slid into the seat. It was at that moment that she realized that the passenger side door had been open all the time. High tech car door security had not kept her out; her ignorance had.
A phrase often used by auditors is, ‘ignorance is not a control’. For the manager, supervisor or IT security person, this means several things. First, make sure you have policies around security practices such as passwords and user IDs. Second, even if you have password and user policies, don’t assume they are followed. Finally, even if they were followed once upon a time, don’t presume that they are

########
Rank: 2
Score: 49.917934
Retrieved Text: Automotive Locksmith Hawthorne - It was 10pm, and Krys T. from Hawthorne had locked herself out of the car in the grocery parking lot. From outside the car, she could see her keys in the driver's seat. Naturally, her spare car key was at home, and her house key was with the other keys inside the car.
She wasn't dressed to be out in the cold, so she got a quick recommendation from a friend and called us. A friendly, licensed Hawthorne Automotive Locksmith technician pulled up in a marked car within 15 minutes, and got the door open in a matter of seconds. The total price came to exactly what we quoted her over the phone.
If you have lost your car keys or locked yourself out of the car, Automotive Locksmiths Hawthorne can help you get back in. Our prices are highly competitive, and our technicians are friendly, reliable, and excellent at what they do: opening car locks without damaging the car. Since they went through extensive training right here in Brisbane, they know how temperature and humidity affect your car and take the right precautions to avoid damaging your seals or locks.
Don't take your chances with a shady auto locksmith who could damage your car, rip you off, or threaten to tow your car unless you agree to outrageous charges. Call Automotive Locksmiths Hawthorne for 24/7 prompt, courteous roadside help at a price you can afford.
Automotive Locksmiths Hawthorne are the best and most reputable auto locksmith service you will find in Brisbane. Now most people

########
Rank: 3
Score: 48.810272
Retrieved Text: Welcome to our first Tuesday Tales Bookstore post. This week I'm going to share with you Wild Pitch with is a baseball novella.
Blurb: Pia Tallisico loves baseball, she loves the New York Pelicans. On a solo trip to the ballpark she meets Pelican relief pitcher, Lorenzo Marcus, which causes an instant spark between them. As the season progresses, so does their relationship. When a secret Pia buried away slowly unravels, an additional unknown deceitful twist arises. Will Pia's secret cause Lorenzo to walk away from the only woman he ever loved?
The game went by quickly, being played in a little over two hours. Her team the New York Pelicans won by the score one to nothing. Games like this, wound up taking more time traveling than the actual time she sat there. Pia got herself a cup of coffee from the vendor cart before making her way through the crowd back to her car. Since she had been so late, thanks to the extra heavy traffic, the only parking spots left were in the back of the stadium. She hated parking in the back lot, as it always took longer to get out of the parking lot.
Pia got into her car, carefully placing the coffee cup in the holder. Next she reapplied her bronze lipstick onto her plump lips before sliding the key into the ignition. She turned the key and nothing. She turned it again to the same silence. Oh boy, this meant disaster. Getting out of the car, she looked around the lot. Most

########
Rank: 4
Score: 48.753647
Retrieved Text: On Saturday, April 25th, Casey had a fun birthday party in the park. A bunch of her friends came and we had a pavilion all to ourselves. The kids played games, a clown came to paint faces & make balloon shapes, and we of course had cake. It was really hot that day. When we first got there and were setting up Casey got a bit overheated. We had to take her back to the car and blast the AC for a little bit to cool her down. When she was finally cool enough to try again we dipped her drool cloth into the melted ice in the cooler and kept that around her neck (re-dipping every few minutes). The cool rag helped a lot. Towards the end of the party she did get a bit overheated again. We decided to wrap things up and get her into the AC to stay. She loves to be around her friends, but the weather takes such a toll. She has always been sensitive to heat and I think the older she gets the more sensitive.
Casey spent the rest of the afternoon/evening recovering from the party. We had the house as cold as we could get it and she just rested. She seemed to be much better by the next morning.
We had the cake done by Icing Smiles again this year. It’s a great program for kids like Casey. I was a little worried. The baker that signed up to do Casey’s cake had to cancel last minute when

########
Rank: 5
Score: 48.260723
Retrieved Text: Sunday Night Truck Running !
Late night Sunday John needed our 24 hour service to get him back into his truck. His truck was running and he needed lockout service quick. We were able to unlock his truck and get him back on the road within 15 minutes!
Home lockout service. Keys were locked in the home after home was serviced by carpet cleaners for a new tenant move in. Landlord called from out of state and we were able to respond within 20 minutes. Got the door open before the new tenant arrived and re-keyed other entry doors to match front entry key as well to make the locks more convenient for landlord and tenant.
Angela called us while she was getting pizza and accidentally left her keys in her running van and locked herself out. With our 24 hour service we arrived within 15 minutes unlocked the car and got her on her way home with her hot pizza!
All The Way From Tennessee!
Adam brought some warm southern hospitality to our cold Midwest city of Des Moines. In town for business, Adam accidentally locked himself out of his car. He searched for a Des Moines Locksmith open 24 hours and found us. We love meeting and being able to help our customers. Adam is such a nice person, it reminds us of why we love what we do! He's so tall the picture won't even fit!
Leslie needed our locksmith services fast. She called other locksmiths who weren't able to get to her until an hour . We arrived

########
Rank: 6
Score: 46.461308
Retrieved Text: Rochester, MN (KROC-AM News) - The owners of vehicles featuring keyless ignitions take heed.
Rochester police today reported the recovery of a vehicle stolen from a parking ramp in downtown Rochester on Friday. A woman reported the theft after she left work around 5 PM and discovered it missing from a Mayo Clinic parking ramp. Police say the woman indicated she had locked the door but also told officers she had left one of her electronic key fobs inside the vehicle. In vehicles with keyless ignitions, that essentially means the vehicle is not locked and anyone wishing to steal it only needs to push the ignition button to start the engine.
Luckily, police received a report Saturday afternoon about a couple of teenagers sitting in a car smoking pot in one of the parking lots at Quarry Hill Park. The responding officer recognized the car as the one reported stolen the previous evening and arrested the 16-year-old boy in the driver's seat.
A spokesman noted it was third such vehicle theft from a downtown Rochester Parking Ramp last week.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 46.044727
Retrieved Text: A lady went shopping. She walked to her car. An SUV came roaring out of its parking space and sent her flying 15 feet. Its elderly driver had mistakenly stomped on the accelerator. Her husband found her unconscious in a pool of blood. Ventura County’s emergency services arrived promptly and performed superbly.
She spent seven days in hospital hell with serious injuries. Luckily, her husband wasn’t hit; the vehicle missed him by 8 feet. Luckily, he’s retired and looked after her at home. Luckily, she’s not paralyzed for life. Luckily, her balance returned. Luckily, she could eventually walk and drive again. Luckily, she could return to her part-time job. Luckily, she’d accumulated many sick days, giving an income for a few months. Very luckily, she had Medicare.
The bills arrived, coming to $178,197.97. Her health insurance company paid up, after discounting them 84 percent(!) to $28,220.78. Yet, despite her insurance, co-payments and other expenditures came to $6,695.
If she’d had no health insurance, debt collectors would have harassed her for the full $178,197.97, seized her house and sold it. Your house counts as an asset in bankruptcy. Landlords don’t rent to bankrupts. So even though she was blameless, she could have become homeless.
In this case, the driver had third party car insurance, but only for $100,000. Her attorney advised her to settle for that, even though she might be awarded around $350,000 in court since the driver probably had no assets. Her second shock is that she didn’t get $100,000. Medicare took $23,257.89 from her settlement (thank you, Ronald

########
Rank: 8
Score: 45.981842
Retrieved Text: Car Locksmith Balmoral - It was 10pm, and Krys T. from Balmoral had locked herself out of the car in the grocery parking lot. From outside the car, she could see her keys in the driver's seat. Naturally, her spare car key was at home, and her house key was with the other keys inside the car. She wasn't dressed to be out in the cold, so she got a quick recommendation from a friend and called us. A friendly, Car Locksmith Balmoral technician pulled up in a marked car within 15 minutes, and got the door open in a matter of seconds. The total price came to exactly what we quoted her over the phone.
If you have lost your car keys or locked yourself out of the car, Car Locksmiths Balmoral can help you get back in. Our prices are highly competitive, and our technicians are friendly, reliable, and excellent at what they do: opening car locks without damaging the car. Since they went through extensive training right here in Brisbane, they know how temperature and humidity affect your car and take the right precautions to avoid damaging your seals or locks.
Plus, Car Locksmith Balmoral specially designed tools and techniques give our locksmiths an extra boost with new, higher security locks. With our great success rates in opening all sorts of vehicle doors, including trailers, trucks, and domestic and foreign automobiles, you can be on your way within a few minutes of making that call. Your insurance policy might even cover the entire cost of

########
Rank: 9
Score: 45.927708
Retrieved Text: People are very busy today and they don’t really have time to focus on the tasks they are doing. A busy mother will be more concerned about getting her children strapped in their car seat than remembering to take her house keys. Therefore when she returns home from a busy day at work and picking the kids up from daycare, she discovers that she locked her keys in the house. If she had the foresight to have Duplicate Keys in Chicago, IL made, she simply goes to her secure hiding place in the yard, finds them and unlocks the door. Browse website for more details.
It’s very easy to have a locksmith make a new set of keys. He begins with a blank key that has the basic shape as the one to be copied. He then uses a machine copying system to produce an exact replica of the key. It’s a good idea for a homeowner to have several of these made while they are thinking about it. They then have to consider the best places to put these keys. Not everyone trusts their neighbors well enough to give them a set of keys and often there are no family members living nearby. There are small waterproof boxes that look like rocks that can be discreetly tucked away under a plant far away from the door. It’s a good idea for the homeowner to check on these from time to time to ensure that an animal hasn’t carried them away. Some women stash a spare set

########
Rank: 10
Score: 45.911522
Retrieved Text: Car Locksmith Norman Park - It was 10pm, and Krys T. from Norman Park had locked herself out of the car in the grocery parking lot. From outside the car, she could see her keys in the driver's seat. Naturally, her spare car key was at home, and her house key was with the other keys inside the car.
She wasn't dressed to be out in the cold, so she got a quick recommendation from a friend and called us. A friendly Car Locksmith Norman Park technician pulled up in a marked car within 15 minutes, and got the door open in a matter of seconds. The total price came to exactly what we quoted her over the phone.
If you've lost your car keys or locked yourself out of the car, Car Locksmith Norman Park can help you get back in. Our prices are highly competitive, and our technicians are friendly, reliable, and excellent at what they do: opening car locks without damaging the car. Since they went through extensive training right here in Brisbane, they know how temperature and humidity affect your car and take the right precautions to avoid damaging your seals or locks.
Plus, Car Locksmith Norman Park specially designed tools and techniques give our locksmiths an extra boost with new, higher security locks. With our great success rates in opening all sorts of vehicle doors, including trailers, trucks, and domestic and foreign automobiles, you can be on your way within a few minutes of making that call. Your insurance policy might even cover the

########
Rank: 11
Score: 45.87691
Retrieved Text: It was 10pm, and Krys T. from Carina had locked herself out of the car in the grocery parking lot. From outside the car, she could see her keys in the driver's seat. Naturally, her spare car key was at home, and her house key was with the other keys inside the car. She wasn't dressed to be out in the cold, so she got a quick recommendation from a friend and called us. A friendly, Car Locksmith Carina technician pulled up in a marked car within 15 minutes, and got the door open in a matter of seconds. The total price came to exactly what we quoted her over the phone.
If you've lost your car keys or locked yourself out of the car, Car Locksmith Carina can help you get back in. Our prices are highly competitive, and our technicians are friendly, reliable, and excellent at what they do: opening car locks without damaging the car. Since they went through extensive training right here in Brisbane, they know how temperature and humidity affect your car and take the right precautions to avoid damaging your seals or locks.
Plus, Car Locksmith Carina especially designed tools and techniques give our locksmiths an extra boost with new, higher security locks. With our great success rates in opening all sorts of vehicle doors, including trailers, trucks, and domestic and foreign automobiles, you can be on your way within a few minutes of making that call. Your insurance policy might even cover the entire cost of our car lockout service.
Don't take

########
Rank: 12
Score: 45.855904
Retrieved Text: It was 10pm, and Krys T. from Spring Hill had locked herself out of the car in the grocery parking lot. From outside the car, she could see her keys in the driver's seat. Naturally, her spare car key was at home, and her house key was with the other keys inside the car. She wasn't dressed to be out in the cold, so she got a quick recommendation from a friend and called us. A friendly, licensed Brisbane Automotive Locksmith technician pulled up in a marked car within 15 minutes, and got the door open in a matter of seconds. The total price came to exactly what we quoted her over the phone.
If you've lost your car keys or locked yourself out of the car, Car Locksmith Spring Hill can help you get back in. Our prices are highly competitive, and our technicians are friendly, reliable, and excellent at what they do: opening car locks without damaging the car. Since they went through extensive training right here in Brisbane, they know how temperature and humidity affect your car and take the right precautions to avoid damaging your seals or locks.
Plus, Car Locksmith Spring Hill specially designed tools and techniques give our locksmiths an extra boost with new, higher security locks. With our great success rates in opening all sorts of vehicle doors, including trailers, trucks, and domestic and foreign automobiles, you can be on your way within a few minutes of making that call. Your insurance policy might even cover the entire cost of our

########
Rank: 13
Score: 45.855774
Retrieved Text: It was 10pm, and Krys T. from Greenslopes had locked herself out of the car in the grocery parking lot. From outside the car, she could see her keys in the driver's seat. Naturally, her spare car key was at home, and her house key was with the other keys inside the car. She wasn't dressed to be out in the cold, so she got a quick recommendation from a friend and called us. A friendly, Car Locksmith Greenslopes technician pulled up in a marked car within 15 minutes, and got the door open in a matter of seconds. The total price came to exactly what we quoted her over the phone.
If you've lost your car keys or locked yourself out of the car, Car Locksmith Greenslopes can help you get back in. Our prices are highly competitive, and our technicians are friendly, reliable, and excellent at what they do: opening car locks without damaging the car. Since they went through extensive training right here in Brisbane, they know how temperature and humidity affect your car and take the right precautions to avoid damaging your seals or locks.
Plus, Car Locksmith Greenslopes specially designed tools and techniques give our locksmiths an extra boost with new, higher security locks. With our great success rates in opening all sorts of vehicle doors, including trailers, trucks, and domestic and foreign automobiles, you can be on your way within a few minutes of making that call. Your insurance policy might even cover the entire cost of our car lockout service.
Don't take

########
Rank: 14
Score: 45.58026
Retrieved Text: We open the episode with Miss Barnes storming up to a member of the church’s management to complain about the “unconscionable” way the place is being run: A woman just fainted because she worked a 12-hour day. The faintee had been put on “extra duty,” which basically meant that despite repeatedly asking for breaks, she was denied any chance to rest and wound up unconscious.
Incensed by the severe mismanagement she’s witnessed over the past few weeks, J takes it to Darius, telling him she can’t stay there after seeing what she’s seen. He tells her she can’t give up on her journey, and that he needs her to help make things right. She agrees to stay for now to help, but then she’s going home!
Later, she’s packing when a couple of stern-looking souls named Bill and Sharon (of course) come by to go over the claims of abuse she reported to Darius. They tell her the volunteer gave a different account of events, and so they want to know why she’s chosen to make such serious false allegations against the movement. Wonderful. Jules sees through their manipulative ways and tells them their act won’t work with her. She tries to leave for her flight, but creepy Bill and Sharon tell her she’s in no condition to travel. J’s all, “Try and stop me,” so they literally do by bringing in a security guard and locking her in her room until she gets out of her “agitated” state.
The next day, B and S want to have a

########
Rank: 15
Score: 45.43958
Retrieved Text: He had been watching her every since he had taken the seat across from her. He must have been working up the courage to speak.
She kept reading, she didn’t want to encourage him.
She gave him her coldest glare.
She reached for the cord to get the driver to stop at the next corner.
Joanne got up off her seat, walked down over the steps and onto the sidewalk. She clicked her way along toward her house down the street.
He might have called her by the right name, then and now. but he never did know who she was.
Lisa knew the perfect ritual of cold cloths and matte powder that would disguise the fact that she had been crying.
She got lots of practice.
She would sit in the car and have a little cry before she went into the office every morning. She repeated the performance before going into her house at night.
But she always made a point of telling people she was fine.
It was better to keep that shield up.
Fine kept people from asking more questions, kept her from asking herself more questions.
She didn’t want to figure out why he had left. She didn’t want to ask herself what she was going to do next.
She just wanted everything to be fine.
Her voice was soft, she was clearly trying to keep me calm.
She was still using that tone. I suspect they taught that in some psych class along the way. It probably had a euphemistic name like ‘Patient-Counsellor Connections’ or something like that.
There was no tone, no psychologist magic that

########
Rank: 16
Score: 45.354618
Retrieved Text: Casey wasn’t sure what to wear to the funeral.
The Colonel had a heart attack and dropped dead in the shower last Sunday afternoon. It was raining. Casey only moved out a couple of months earlier and was ecstatic about her new found freedom. The call came, “You better come, honey.” And in that moment, Casey knew something was very wrong with the Colonel. Her mom went in to put fresh towels on the counter when she found him lying there, naked, with the water pounding on his face.
They didn’t have friends, really, so Casey wasn’t sure if there would be a lot of people at the service, or only a few. A plain black dress, her mom said, is what your father would expect. And so it was. What the Colonel expected from Casey was what Casey learned to give him, and even now, he was expecting her to wear a plain black dress.
Casey considered moving back home—it might be different without him there—but in her heart of hearts, she really didn’t want to. Hadn’t her mom been suffocating enough when the Colonel was alive? And, since there wasn’t any other family, she couldn’t just abandon Sacramento and leave her mom behind. So in her mind, she compromised. She would stay in her apartment and call home a lot. But now, at first, her mom would need her.
Breaking away from home at age 21 was a feat in itself. Gonna bust out of these barracks, she’d say each time she stashed a new paycheck in the

########
Rank: 17
Score: 45.289074
Retrieved Text: Good morning my friends! I am writing to you from Warsaw Indiana this morning while eating a waffle in my hotel room with my husband. We’re talking about comic book adaptations. We’re here to see my sister-in-law’s senior art show tonight, which is pretty exciting. It’s the first time I’ve been able to come out and see her at college. This is also the farthest west I’ve ever been. We didn’t travel a whole lot growing up.
So we had an adventure yesterday morning, first off. We got up, got dressed, went out to get some stuff to wash our cat and realized instantly that we had locked all the keys in the house. Luckily we found a window that wasn’t locked, and we gave a spare key to my very good friend Lindsey who was willing to come and feed our cats, and let us in if need be. She’s seriously my favorite super hero right now. Not only is she feeding our cats, she’s giving poor Calamity all the medicine, which is no easy task. Luckily it’s just Calamity. Pearl is the really hard one. Though apparently she let Lindsey’s fiance pick her up, which is super impressive. She doesn’t even like us to pick her up.
Anyway, after we locked ourselves out and broke in again we managed to give poor sweet Calamity a bath so she was not quite so poopy. That lasted like half an hour, but hey, it’s something. She was super not happy about it, but really, who is happy about

########
Rank: 18
Score: 45.116684
Retrieved Text: It was a black Saturday for Sherilyn yesterday. She had a fall once, knocked her chin against a table, got her fingers pinched by a door and had a near miss serious case of having her 4 fingers squashed by the same steel door which broke her thumb last year.
Sherilyn my little fearless samseng was jumping on the couch as if it was a trampoline yesterday. She loves doing that and despite me warning her, threatening her and smacking her for doing so, she is still fearless. I was busy preparing for dinner yesterday when Sherilyn was jumping on the couch. I told her to stop jumping but she wouldn’t listen. Seconds later, I heard a loud thud and she had fallen off the couch, forehead landing on the floor. She bawled but luckily there wasn’t any bruise on her forehead. Less than an hour later, she had forgotten about the fall and started to jump on the couch again, so out came the whip and she stopped jumping.
About half an hour later, I was outside at the wet kitchen trying to shoo a cat away from tearing up the garbage bag. Sherilyn rushed to the kitchen to see what was happening. When I came inside and was about to close the steel kitchen door, I almost wedged 4 of Sherilyn’s fingers on her left hand which she had placed on the back opening of the door, i.e. the exact same place where she broke her thumb when she was playing with the door last year.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 45.002895
Retrieved Text: When returning to her car she found that she had locked her keys in the car. She was in a hurry to get home to her sick daughter.
She didn’t know what to do, so she called her home and told the baby sitter what had happened and that she did not know what to do. The baby sitter told her that her daughter was getting worse.
She said, "You might find a coat hanger and use that to open the door."
The woman looked around and found an old rusty coat hanger that had been thrown down on the ground, possibly by someone else who at some time or other had locked their keys in their car.
Then she looked at the hanger and said, "I don’t know how to use this."
So she bowed her head and asked God to send her some help. Within five minutes an old rusty car pulled up, with a dirty, greasy, bearded man who was wearing an old biker skull rag on his head.
The woman thought, "This is what you sent to help me?" But, she was desperate, so she was also very thankful.
He said, "Sure". He walked over to the car, and in less than one minute the car was opened.
She hugged the man and through her tears she said, "Thank You So Much! You are a very nice man."

########
Rank: 20
Score: 44.99683
Retrieved Text: Steven arrived to find the work crew standing outside room 413. “What seems to be the problem?” he asked.
Steven grabbed the blueprints from her and poured over them. Rosie was right. Where they were standing was labeled “fountain” on the worn paper.
Rosie watched as the others left and walked down the hallway. She was reminded that as a child her parents usually left a key to a door they kept locked on the top of the molding around the door. She reached up, standing on her tip toes, and sure enough found a key. Breathing excitedly, she placed the key in the door lock. At first it wouldn’t turn but after a few tries the door opened. Rosie stepped inside.
What followed could only be described as surreal. Gone were the contemporary furnishings, replaced by antiquated offerings from two centuries ago. Although she couldn’t quite put her finger on it, Rosie knew something was different. These “antiquated” furnishings looked brand new. They looked brand new because they were brand new. Gingerly stepping towards the window, as if each step may open up a trap door causing her to plummet to the ground floor, she gazed out the window. The signature clip-clap sound of the horse drawn carriage down the cobblestone street left her wondering if this was all a dream.
She was admiring the beauty and strength of the horse as well as the carriage he drew, when suddenly she heard noise coming from behind her. She immediately suspected one of the workers had come to inform her

########
Rank: 21
Score: 44.995056
Retrieved Text: Heissatopia: Can a woman forget her sucking child?
The answer is yes. At least for a little while.
On Thursday I did Rachel's class party and then cleaned up from the party and loaded all of the children and all of our supplies into the van: that's four children, a stroller, a diaper bag, two big bags of supplies, two backpacks, two big coats (because the mornings are "so cold" but the afternoons aren't), and maybe some other stuff that I can't remember. The trunk was pretty full.
Zoë fell asleep on the way home, which was a good, good thing because aside from a twenty minute catnap in the teacher prep room she hadn't slept the whole day. When we pulled into the driveway I told the children they could do the things that they had to do before coming back to help me. Some had to go potty so couldn't help carry stuff. Others had to carry in a single sheet of Very Important Paper so couldn't help carry stuff. You know—important stuff!
Everyone but Benjamin forgot to come back out to help me carry things.
I checked the mail and grabbed a few things and took them into the house, exasperatedly mentioning "How nice all the help was!"
The girls were like, "Oh, yeah! I forgot! Just let me find my shoes!"
While they were "finding their shoes" (c'mon—you just walked inside and kicked them off in the entryway so they were right there the whole time) Benjamin and I finished carrying stuff in. I closed the trunk and locked

########
Rank: 22
Score: 44.94429
Retrieved Text: In North Wootton And Mistakenly Filled Up With The Wrong Fuel And Need Recovery?
If you’re stuck with the Wrong Fuel in North Wootton call us now!
Our Fully Licensed Technicians are locally based in North Wootton, Dorset and can be with you within 30 minutes.
Sometimes we get really stressed customers and this particular day, one lady rang in tears. The adviser told her to calm down and that the car would be just fine. She had just filled her boyfriend’s car with petrol instead of diesel. Our technician wasn’t phased when he arrived in North Wootton, she told him what had happened and he soon fixed the problem. It just took a quick fuel drain which flushed the system and the car was back up and running again. “I was so stressed out, I kept thinking I’d end up having to tell my boyfriend”. Luckily the team came to her aid and the car was as good as knew again. Here at Wrong Fuel Help we are always on stand by in case of any wrong fuel problems.
It wasn’t a good day for the guys to break down on their way out to a stag do in North Wootton, they’d nearly made it when all of a sudden they come to a stand still in the outskirts of North Wootton. The chief organiser – said “Wrong Fuel Help were ace they didn’t take long at all and we still made it to the stag do on time!” That’ll teach us to let the stag fill up”, said

########
Rank: 23
Score: 44.93333
Retrieved Text: In Llangennith And Mistakenly Filled Up With The Wrong Fuel And Need Recovery?
If you’re stuck with the Wrong Fuel in Llangennith call us now!
Our Fully Licensed Technicians are locally based in Llangennith, Swansea and can be with you within 30 minutes.
Sometimes we get really stressed customers and this particular day, one lady rang in tears. The adviser told her to calm down and that the car would be just fine. She had just filled her boyfriend’s car with petrol instead of diesel. Our technician wasn’t phased when he arrived in Llangennith, she told him what had happened and he soon fixed the problem. It just took a quick fuel drain which flushed the system and the car was back up and running again. “I was so stressed out, I kept thinking I’d end up having to tell my boyfriend”. Luckily the team came to her aid and the car was as good as knew again. Here at Wrong Fuel Help we are always on stand by in case of any wrong fuel problems.
It wasn’t a good day for the guys to break down on their way out to a stag do in Llangennith, they’d nearly made it when all of a sudden they come to a stand still in the outskirts of Llangennith. The chief organiser – said “Wrong Fuel Help were ace they didn’t take long at all and we still made it to the stag do on time!” That’ll teach us to let the stag fill up”, said Mr Patel. “He put unleaded petrol

########
Rank: 24
Score: 44.89164
Retrieved Text: In Ballater And Mistakenly Filled Up With The Wrong Fuel And Need Recovery?
If you’re stuck with the Wrong Fuel in Ballater call us now!
Our Fully Licensed Technicians are locally based in Ballater, Aberdeenshire and can be with you within 30 minutes.
Sometimes we get really stressed customers and this particular day, one lady rang in tears. The adviser told her to calm down and that the car would be just fine. She had just filled her boyfriend’s car with petrol instead of diesel. Our technician wasn’t phased when he arrived in Ballater, she told him what had happened and he soon fixed the problem. It just took a quick fuel drain which flushed the system and the car was back up and running again. “I was so stressed out, I kept thinking I’d end up having to tell my boyfriend”. Luckily the team came to her aid and the car was as good as knew again. Here at Wrong Fuel Help we are always on stand by in case of any wrong fuel problems.
It wasn’t a good day for the guys to break down on their way out to a stag do in Ballater, they’d nearly made it when all of a sudden they come to a stand still in the outskirts of Ballater. The chief organiser – said “Wrong Fuel Help were ace they didn’t take long at all and we still made it to the stag do on time!” That’ll teach us to let the stag fill up”, said Mr Patel. “He put unleaded petrol

########
Rank: 25
Score: 44.89164
Retrieved Text: In Paisley And Mistakenly Filled Up With The Wrong Fuel And Need Recovery?
If you’re stuck with the Wrong Fuel in Paisley call us now!
Our Fully Licensed Technicians are locally based in Paisley, Scotland and can be with you within 30 minutes.
Sometimes we get really stressed customers and this particular day, one lady rang in tears. The adviser told her to calm down and that the car would be just fine. She had just filled her boyfriend’s car with petrol instead of diesel. Our technician wasn’t phased when he arrived in Paisley, she told him what had happened and he soon fixed the problem. It just took a quick fuel drain which flushed the system and the car was back up and running again. “I was so stressed out, I kept thinking I’d end up having to tell my boyfriend”. Luckily the team came to her aid and the car was as good as knew again. Here at Wrong Fuel Help we are always on stand by in case of any wrong fuel problems.
It wasn’t a good day for the guys to break down on their way out to a stag do in Paisley, they’d nearly made it when all of a sudden they come to a stand still in the outskirts of Paisley. The chief organiser – said “Wrong Fuel Help were ace they didn’t take long at all and we still made it to the stag do on time!” That’ll teach us to let the stag fill up”, said Mr Patel. “He put unleaded petrol

########
Rank: 26
Score: 44.888817
Retrieved Text: In Lasswade And Mistakenly Filled Up With The Wrong Fuel And Need Recovery?
If you’re stuck with the Wrong Fuel in Lasswade call us now!
Our Fully Licensed Technicians are locally based in Lasswade, Midlothian and can be with you within 30 minutes.
Sometimes we get really stressed customers and this particular day, one lady rang in tears. The adviser told her to calm down and that the car would be just fine. She had just filled her boyfriend’s car with petrol instead of diesel. Our technician wasn’t phased when he arrived in Lasswade, she told him what had happened and he soon fixed the problem. It just took a quick fuel drain which flushed the system and the car was back up and running again. “I was so stressed out, I kept thinking I’d end up having to tell my boyfriend”. Luckily the team came to her aid and the car was as good as knew again. Here at Wrong Fuel Help we are always on stand by in case of any wrong fuel problems.
It wasn’t a good day for the guys to break down on their way out to a stag do in Lasswade, they’d nearly made it when all of a sudden they come to a stand still in the outskirts of Lasswade. The chief organiser – said “Wrong Fuel Help were ace they didn’t take long at all and we still made it to the stag do on time!” That’ll teach us to let the stag fill up”, said Mr Patel. “He put unleaded petrol

########
Rank: 27
Score: 44.846474
Retrieved Text: In Skipton And Mistakenly Filled Up With The Wrong Fuel And Need Recovery?
If you’re stuck with the Wrong Fuel in Skipton call us now!
Our Fully Licensed Technicians are locally based in Skipton, North Yorkshire and can be with you within 30 minutes.
Sometimes we get really stressed customers and this particular day, one lady rang in tears. The adviser told her to calm down and that the car would be just fine. She had just filled her boyfriend’s car with petrol instead of diesel. Our technician wasn’t phased when he arrived in Skipton, she told him what had happened and he soon fixed the problem. It just took a quick fuel drain which flushed the system and the car was back up and running again. “I was so stressed out, I kept thinking I’d end up having to tell my boyfriend”. Luckily the team came to her aid and the car was as good as knew again. Here at Wrong Fuel Help we are always on stand by in case of any wrong fuel problems.
It wasn’t a good day for the guys to break down on their way out to a stag do in Skipton, they’d nearly made it when all of a sudden they come to a stand still in the outskirts of Skipton. The chief organiser – said “Wrong Fuel Help were ace they didn’t take long at all and we still made it to the stag do on time!” That’ll teach us to let the stag fill up”, said Mr Patel. “He put unleaded

########
Rank: 28
Score: 44.826115
Retrieved Text: In Berwyn And Mistakenly Filled Up With The Wrong Fuel And Need Recovery?
If you’re stuck with the Wrong Fuel in Berwyn call us now!
Our Fully Licensed Technicians are locally based in Berwyn, Denbighshire, North Wales and can be with you within 30 minutes.
Sometimes we get really stressed customers and this particular day, one lady rang in tears. The adviser told her to calm down and that the car would be just fine. She had just filled her boyfriend’s car with petrol instead of diesel. Our technician wasn’t phased when he arrived in Berwyn, she told him what had happened and he soon fixed the problem. It just took a quick fuel drain which flushed the system and the car was back up and running again. “I was so stressed out, I kept thinking I’d end up having to tell my boyfriend”. Luckily the team came to her aid and the car was as good as knew again. Here at Wrong Fuel Help we are always on stand by in case of any wrong fuel problems.
It wasn’t a good day for the guys to break down on their way out to a stag do in Berwyn, they’d nearly made it when all of a sudden they come to a stand still in the outskirts of Berwyn. The chief organiser – said “Wrong Fuel Help were ace they didn’t take long at all and we still made it to the stag do on time!” That’ll teach us to let the stag fill up”, said Mr Patel. “He put

########
Rank: 29
Score: 44.61502
Retrieved Text: Forced to retire, Jiska must leave her world to ratify a treaty by partnering with a man who sees the truth in everything.
Jiska has grown up as her people’s fiercest general. When peace breaks out, she is reassigned to Citadel Lowel and given a partner who needs a bodyguard. After a few minutes in his presence, she knows why. She is assigned to protect him, even if she wants to kill him.
Deskin is a Negotiator specializing in hostage situations. He needs a bodyguard to watch his back while he plies his trade, and General Jiska Irthano is far more than he could hope for.
Jiska has grown up denying her needs from clothing and shelter to companionship and love. The Citadel offers a solution to her denial in every category.
“We have made an effort to place our military with other colonies and the Alliance. They were interested in you, and you are being assigned to Citadel Lowel.” He brusquely moved his data pad and the judiciary watched her for any signs of attack.
She saluted the panel, turned on her heel and strode out of the room with slow, measured steps. Outside the judiciary, she relaxed her posture slightly but kept walking to her quarters. She closed the door and leaned heavily against it, looking at the remains of her life in service. Her rooms were sparse, spare and had no personal effects.
With shaking hands, she pulled off the uniform that she had worn with pride. Her civilian clothing hung in her wardrobe, and she pulled on the

================



======= Instance Index 1487 =========
Input Text: Lilly was still getting warm.  She ran her hands over John's body, he kissed her.  She couldn't think straight anymore.  Every nerve was tingling.  Nothing ever felt so right. She was experiencing what?
Choose the most suitable option to answer the above question.
Options:
- stroke
- pleasure
- increase of temperature
- get hot
- euphoria

Target Text: euphoria

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 54.180943
Retrieved Text: "I never stopped wanting you. "
Silence fell over the kitchen. Nobody moved. He stared at her, so damn afraid to believe her words. Then he couldn’t stand not touching her a minute more. He reached for her, running his hand up the warm, soft skin of her arm. When she closed her eyes, he reached for her other arm, sliding both hands upward until he cradled her neck.
You could show me.” She slid her hands over his.
Charlie kissed her, fusing his lips to hers, holding her face at a slant, letting her exhalation warm his cheek. It was rough and hard and as distant as he could make it—just in case he got spooked and needed to walk away. He couldn’t help but think one of them would. But then, he parted his lips just enough for his tongue to take the smallest taste. And that was it. Like the addict he was, he opened his mouth and swallowed her. Distance be damned.
Their mouths found a familiar rhythm slipping and sliding, opening and closing, probing and pulsing until he knew nobody was walking away without being well and truly fucked.
Somewhere in the back of his hazy head he knew what a person wanted wasn’t always what he needed. But he didn’t care. The desire ran too deep.
With his mouth covering hers and his arms holding on for dear life, he walked her backwards into his office.
“Not now,” he growled. “I’ll tell you when.” She’d been calling the shots in his life for way too long.
She hissed

########
Rank: 1
Score: 53.689297
Retrieved Text: Venmo John's got some game!
The 28-year-old software engineer found himself the hot commodity on Tuesday's episode of Bachelor in Paradise, going on not one, but two dates! That's right, gone are the days when Grocery Store Joe was the hottest thing on the beach. Venmo John's got some options.
But John wasn't the only one with a couple of connections this week. The episode began with Colton facing Becca after admitting that he might not be ready to find love again -- and it was all about love triangles from there. Here's where things stand with our favorite Bachelor and Bachelorette rejects.
So, not really a love triangle, but we still found this one fascinating. After breaking into tears at the mere sight of Becca on Monday's episode, a sitdown with the Bachelorette was seemingly all Colton needed to recommit himself to finding love.
"It’s OK to cry. It’s OK to feel things that aren’t always pretty or perfect," Becca said, assuring Colton that she didn't end things with him on The Bachelorette just because Tia came back to reveal she still held a candle for him. "Maybe just use this as the kick in your a** you need."
With that, Colton was ready for action.
Annaliese couldn't stop gushing about how solid she and Jordan were at the beginning of the episode, but everything changed once Jenna walked through the door. Jenna and Jordan's connection was obvious from the beginning, and if it wasn't clear by their insane (and many) makeout sessions on their date, they're pretty much a done

########
Rank: 2
Score: 52.30381
Retrieved Text: Anne moaned loudly and she arched her back "Yes.." she moaned softly, her usual angelic self more devil like than ever, it was as if she had fallen from heaven into hell. Her dark eyes were clouded with pleasure, lust and her cheeks were flushed as she felt a tightening in the pit of her stomach and pleasure coursing through her.
Louis moaned deeply as he could feel himself reach him climax. He could feel his cheeks grow warm as he came and sighed. He stayed in her for a couple of moments, breathing heavily and then rolled over.
Anne reached her climax at the same time he did and when he rolled off her she panted softly, her long hair was over her chest as her chest raised and fell and she gulped a little.
Louis exhaled and rubbed his brow, "Are you alright?"
Anne nodded and she bit her lip softly before releasing it "I believe I am more than alright." she said to him and she looked at him, her dark eyes had a hint of doubt in them, hoping that he would not regret this.
Louis smiled and leaned over, his hand touching her cheek and nose softly brushing against hers, "Vous êtes belle."
Anne blushed softly, her eyes staring up into his equally dark ones and she gulped "Merci." she whispered softly to him and she brushed his hair out of his face softly with her delicate, small hands.
Louis sighed contentedly and rolled over again, one arm behind his head and the other wrapped around Anne.
Anne looked

########
Rank: 3
Score: 49.918663
Retrieved Text: Ever since Emily was taken away by Mr. Gu's men, Jacob had been greatly concerned about her safety. He didn't let her go back to work. He also took her wherever he went.
As a result, Emily followed him in and out of the Gu Consortium. They were inseparable and all of the staff thought that they were married.
"Jacob, I'm not a kid anymore. Why should I be following you every goddamn time?" Emily sat by the extra desk in Jacob's office. She scowled as she put one hand under her chin. "Stop treating me as if I'm still in kindergarten."
Jacob grabbed her hand and kissed the back of it. "Please understand me this time, okay? I wanted to be with you all the time."
"How old are you again? Only children need adult supervision," Emily's pout turned into a teasing smile.
Jacob dramatically spoke, "I really want to see you by my side. If I don't, I won't be able to function. If I won't be able to function, I won't be able to work. If I won't be able to work, then business is going to crash!"
Emily couldn't help but laugh, "You're quite a drama queen, aren't you?"
"I'm not exaggerating. It's how I really feel," Jacob spoke, putting a hand on his chest. These past few days, Jacob had a strange hunch that something might happen to Emily. That was why he kept her by his side to keep her safe.
Emily smiled. She perfectly understood how Jacob was being overprotective towards her so she decided to compromise

########
Rank: 4
Score: 49.780582
Retrieved Text: A/N: Skip the next six paragraphs if you are under fifteen years of age. This is  a mature novel.
Cal flipped her over so that she was on her back, leaning in to kiss her from her lips all the way down to her collarbone and her chest. He slipped off what little fabric was left on her body and placed his hand gently on her bare waist. She was warm beneath his touch. She was the epitome of perfection.
She was his great love, the force that drove him to move forward. Her body was everything he had wondered about, the curve of her waist and hips, the smoothness of her chest and stomach. Now that he had her, he never wanted to be apart from her.
He breathed in her rose scented skin as he kissed all the way down her body and back up again. She grasped at his collar, bringing him up to her lips. Her hands clutched the bottom of his shirt and undressed him, his skin was lightly tanned, glowing beneath the yellow candlelight. His shaggy golden curls were soft against her skin as he kissed her neck, her body shuddering beneath his lips. Ariella felt sparks fly up and down her spine, as though they were beckoning her to respond. She pushed him over and climbed on top of his lap, moving her hips against him as she kissed him.
"You are my demise," he breathed, placing his hands against her hips.
They moved together in the form of a beautiful melody, fitting

########
Rank: 5
Score: 49.686176
Retrieved Text: The girl abruptly turned around and surprised Jackson by taking paint and smearing it across his face. The boy jumped back in shock and immediately tried to wipe it off. That only resulted in him getting paint on his hands. Emily was laughing uncontrollably at Jackson’s reaction, and she was slowly inching her way closer to the door. She knew he would come after her, so she wanted to be as close to the exit as possible. Jackson jumped towards her, and she bolted out of the room. She clambered down the steps – nearly tripping over Joe – and escaped outside. The boy, of course, chased after her. Em ran for the safety of the barn, but once she got in there she realized it wasn’t the smartest idea. Jackson knew the barn better than she did; that meant he knew every hiding spot. So once Emily entered the building, she slightly panicked and didn’t know where to go. This gave Jackson time to catch up to her and grab her. Her wrapped his arms around her waist and picked her up, throwing Em over his shoulder. The girl screeched and then started laughing. Jackson was stronger than her, so there was no point in trying to fight him. He carried her over to a corner of the barn and set her down but didn’t let go of her.
Jackson stared in to Emily’s gray eyes and, for the first time, didn’t find sadness. He saw a sparkle of happiness, which warmed his heart. In Jackson’s

########
Rank: 6
Score: 49.15686
Retrieved Text: When his lips brushed mine, it was like I was like a beautiful electrocution. The kiss wasn't teasing or passionate, it was electrocuting, setting all my entire body on flame. I couldn't even pull away if I wanted to, no, I didn't want to. I couldn't think straight, all my senses have been seduced. The only things I could feel right now were the taste and the smell of him.
"Denis…" he breathed my name, slowly, prolonging each letter. My heart fluttered at the seductive sound of his voice and I leaned in closer, clasping my hands on either side of his face. I have never heard my name being called so sweetly like that… He kissed me hungrily, knocking all the wind from my lungs and I returned it savagely. I felt a moan escape my lips as he pressed his tongue to the seam of my lips, I opened wider, granting him more access. I arched up against his broad chest…I wanted all of him. I could feel moisture in between my legs and then I felt a painful scratch but I was too occupied to be distracted until I felt him pull away.
"I scratched you…" he said in a low voice.
"It's okay, "I panted, putting my hands around him but he pulled back and then turned around. I was confused but then I heard Tracy's voice in the passageway. Oh crap!
When she got to the front of his room, she debated on whether to knock or not to knock but then she heard a

########
Rank: 7
Score: 48.856415
Retrieved Text: Booth pulled over to the side of the road a few yards from the cabin. The two men watched as Booth got out and went to the back of his car. They followed him to see what he was doing. They watched him open his sniper rifle case and he handed his handgun to Jared and his little personal one to Max.
"Stay behind me. Those are only to protect yourself." He said pulling the strap over his head. He walked around the car and looked through the scope trying to see what he was in store for. He saw all the lights were out except for a tiny light that must have come from a basement light. He scowered the little plot of land seeing a car in the driveway and nothing else around, he slowly started moving forward with the two men following behind him. They watched as his army training took over and he moved quickly without a noise. He had them stop and he ran over to look in the little crack, trying to see the basement. He stood up and told them to start moving in the front door as quietly as possible as he went around the back. He watched them go in before he moved to the cellar door and looked through the glass at the man who was looking up hearing the footsteps of Max and Jared. Booth watched the man as he started for the stares before he kicked the door open and fired twice in one fluid

########
Rank: 8
Score: 48.76258
Retrieved Text: Looking out across the city as it slept, Cathy smiled as she thought fondly of Vincent, making his way home, after spending the last four hours together. The time they shared was so very special to them both, but why oh why did it have to pass so fast, as though even the gods were against them, speeding time up to cheat them even more!
As Vincent made his way home along the familiar tunnels, his cloak swinging from side to side in a rhythmic way, he sensed yet again, Catherine's deep sadness, now that he'd left her. He sensed her need, her longing and he had to shut it out of his mind before it drove him mad, knowing the reason for her sadness was him. It now haunted his very soul. He started to walk faster and faster, until finally he was running blindly down the familiar passages.
At last he arrived breathless in his chamber, then leaning against the rough stone walls, he put back his head, letting out a fearful roar, which ended in a sob, from his breaking heart. How could he go on like this, knowing the sadness he caused her ... and himself?
Her pain was his pain. Something had to be done, but what? A solution had to be found, before there was nothing left for either of them to share.
With a sigh that matched her heavy heart, Catherine turned and entered her bedroom, closing the door behind her. Its click as it shut, sent a shudder through her, it was

########
Rank: 9
Score: 48.730484
Retrieved Text: Migoto giggled for a second when she pulled her onto his lap and then rested her head back on his chest. "You can get as close to me as you want~" She wrapped her arms around his neck from behind and kissed his chin.
Migoto felt tears in her eyes by the time he was kissing her arms. "I love you." Migoto slowly leaned upward and kissed his lips softly. Her heart was racing in excitment and her head was all clogged up. All she could think about is the words he just said to her.
Migoto began to feel butterflies in her stomach when he kissed her back. "I love you so so much too." She said resting her head on him still. Loving every second she has with him.
Migoto smiled at him brightly, fully loving the moment he was having with him. She cuddles back against him when he leans his chin on her head. "Chase.. Your the best." She said blushing lightly, though he couldn't see it.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 48.46732
Retrieved Text: It was a chilly day, the sun was trying to peek in and out of the clouds. Derrick wrapped his hands around Sara to keep her warm. He held her hand to guide her through the grass to make sure she did not fall. As we moved to a different location, Derrick placed a blanket over her to keep her safe. He whispered in her ear that made her feel calm and relaxed.
As they looked at each other, there was a sense of comfort. The gust of wind and the sun peeking through the clouds were not a distraction. There were people around, but to Sara and Derrick, the day was reserved for them. Derrick kissed her on her forehead and Sara kissed him on the cheek to validate their love for each other.
Derrick made sure this was going to be Sara's day. He kept her warm, protected her, and whispered sweet nothings to her that made her laugh and smile. He would do anything for her to make the day perfect. Sara knew how much he loved her and we saw how much she loved him. As they kissed and hugged, Sara held him tightly, and every kiss seemed like it was the first time she had kissed him.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 47.912468
Retrieved Text: Ashima followed Aarav to a place, he claimed to be a serenity of lifetime.
The place they were standing on, was like an empty ground, with dark forest on their behind, and a wonderful water fall in front of them. Aarav took her to a big stone, and they sat there, facing the mountain valley.
‘Look at the height!’ Aarav signalled Ashima to look down.
‘Just wait, I got something.’ Aarav rushed towards his cycle, which was standing on the support of a rock. He held his backpack and ran towards Ashima. He opened the bag and took out a box that contained aluminium-wraps.
Ashima opened the foils. There were cheese and tomato sandwiches.
Ashima took a big bite.
‘Not bad!’ she spoke with a stuffed mouth.
‘I know!’ Aarav was staring at Ashima who was looking so cute, taking giant bites of sandwich and eating them like a hungry cat!
‘Want some more?’ Aarav offered her the entire box.
‘Umm…not now. Let’s save it for some time! It took us almost 2 hours to get here, see, it’s 11am!’ Ashima looked at her pink Gucci watch.
‘Haha, not really! But I don’t mind expensive gifts.’ Ashima winked. Aarav smiled faintly.
‘Hey…’ Ashima held him from his shoulders.
The truth slipped out from Ashima’s mouth. She immediately looked on the other side, cursing herself for what she spoke. Aarav also knew that it was a sudden slip of tongue. He tried behaving normal, ignoring what she said.
‘Want to see something else?’ Aarav changed the topic.
They both got up and Aarav took her from a rocky path, to the

########
Rank: 12
Score: 47.51779
Retrieved Text: Mervyn pushed a piece of potato around his plate, trying to look as if he was enjoying himself. He liked Sapphire's company. He liked shepherd's pie. He just couldn't enjoy any of it - not today. He couldn't even be that happy when Sapphire said she was thinking of going into magizoology. It suited her, but Mervyn was jealous that she knew roughly where she was headed in life and he didn't. Suddenly Sapphire stood up and took his plate away. He didn't object. Watching a movie sounded infinitely better than trying to make conversation over dinner. "I like horror," he said. "As long as it's not gory, like." He still couldn't tolerate the sight of blood. Getting up from the table, he followed Sapphire out, hoping she wouldn't try to pry out what was bothering him.
Sapphire nodded. "Hmm, I can work with that." She dropped their plates off in the kitchen and headed for her room. "I think I've got one." She hummed softly as she walked in and headed for the bookcase. She stood on the shelf, reaching for the top. Just as her fingers closed around the DVD she wanted, a loud boom shook the house. With a startled yelp, Sapphire fell from the shelf. She pushed herself up off the floor with an awkward laugh. "Oops, heh," she ran a hand through her hair, shaking a bit. "Lost my footing there-" she started, but a series of booms interrupted her.
With a small cry, Sapphire scrambled quickly underneath her desk. She pressed her

########
Rank: 13
Score: 47.514515
Retrieved Text: I cry as I watch my daughter unsteadily stand on her feet. She's taking her first steps. It's such a beautiful moment, and I am overcome with joy and sadness simultaneously- so proud of her accomplishments, so sad my wife couldn't be here to enjoy it.
I cry as I watch my daughter unsteadily stand on her feet.
She's taking her first steps. It's such a beautiful moment, and I am overcome with joy and sadness simultaneously- so proud of her accomplishments, so sad my wife couldn't be here to enjoy it.
Lilly looks just like her mother. I watch her stand, practicing her balance before moving anywhere. I had better get up before she tries to turn around.
I wish Eva was here. She would be so proud of our daughter. In the midst of everything else, she would have loved to see Lilly’s first steps.
Having a death in the family can really stress a person out, and losing a spouse is so hard.
I cry a little harder, a sob unexpectedly escaping my lips and I swiftly cover my mouth with my hand as so not to distract my daughter.
She doesn’t even break concentration, putting a wobbly foot out slowly and moving forward. She giggles, proud of herself. I’m proud too as I circle around her.
“Lilly! Daddy will catch you!” I tell her, and her smile grows wider. I’m not sure how language skills develop, but I think she understands.
She teeters to the left a little, and I put my hands out to brace her. She overcorrects and begins

########
Rank: 14
Score: 47.238163
Retrieved Text: My fantasy romance novel, Wicked Paradise is on sale for $.99 (regular price $2.99) on Amazon. If you like sorcery and time-travel in a unique fantasy setting, then don't miss out on this deal!
Sorceress Morgan of medieval Avalon and Ryan, a modern-day Druid assassin, time-travel to a mystical island to destroy a demon bent on annihilating survivors of the apocalyptic 21st century. As Morgan resists a fierce and lethal bond to Ryan, she has no choice but to kill the demon before it kills her. Yet Ryan has other plans for the evil Fomorian…even when Morgan stirs in him a hunger that puts his life’s purpose at risk.
A skittering awareness on her backside sent her pulses racing again. Ryan’s fingertips caressed her back, his hands angling toward her hips. Automatically, she curved tighter into his body. Security and warmth tinged with heart stopping desire cloaked her.
“Morgan,” he whispered against her hair. “It’s all right now. We’re safe.” He touched her almost reverently, disproving his earlier suspicion.
She had the wildest urge to touch every inch of his bare skin. Something she’d never done to any man, nor ever wanted to until Ryan appeared in her dreams. Heat suffused her face and she fought the inappropriate and poorly timed urge. Instead, burning with need, she lifted her head and touched her lips to his full, warm mouth experimentally, something she’d wished to do since the moment he became real. He responded, pressing his lips to hers, first softly, then demanding, forcing her lips apart. She rested her hands

########
Rank: 15
Score: 47.180363
Retrieved Text: He couldn&apos;t sleep that night, the thought of what went on int that sea creature when Meathil was gone frightened him. He wanted to know, he wanted to know it all. Eglanor laid in his bed, waiting for some type of answer to come to him, but unfortunately nothing did. How could he ask her about what happened, when she looked so horrified afterwards.
Meathil was strong, but everyone had something that makes them uneasy, and if they don&apos;t then they&apos;re liars. His bed was warm, but too big, it was too big of a bed. His room was too big, even though it was a ship the rooms were ginormous. As to be expected of the queens personal ship he supposed, one must have luxury if they are to be traveling. When he was younger the biggest bed he had ever slept in was one where he wasn&apos;t about to fall off the edges. It was lonely, the dark room he slept in was lonely and had no one to fill it with light.
The only thing that made the room like home was the light of the moon shining through the window. The moonlight reminded him of the times when he and Meathil would sneak out after curfew and go to the Raai valley. They would lay down in the florescent flowers and count the stars, those were peaceful days. He couldn&apos;t take the silence anymore.
Eglanor threw off his sheets and slipped on a shirt. He walked out of the cabin door, opening and closing it

########
Rank: 16
Score: 46.824726
Retrieved Text: Leah stayed for a week. When the campers heard that she could draw, they ransacked their packs for paper and pencils. All afternoon, Leah would sit on the hillside drawing a portrait of anybody who wanted one. Even David sat for her. Delia noticed that his face lost its habitually worried expression as Leah’s pencil moved swiftly and surely over the paper. His eyes seemed larger, serious but not sad. His mouth was set firm, but no longer pinched into a single angry line. When Leah presented him with his picture, he actually flushed with pleasure, something Delia was sure she had never seen him do before.
“You draw real people, now.” David reminded Leah of the time Delia had brought her to the meeting hall and she had drawn nothing but fairy tale pictures.
“I’ve been taking life drawing classes at the Art student’s League.” Leah caught Delia’s eye and smiled as trying to share a secret or joke, though Delia had no idea what it could be. When Leah drew all her cares disappeared. She forgot all the bad things that had happened, as long she had a pencil in her hand.
Delia begged her to stay, but she insisted she had to return home, to “replenish her portfolio.” The next time she went to Washington Park, she promised Delia, she would ask the advice of other artists and she would not visit the flats of any gentlemen alone.
Delia watched Leah go with both tenderness and envy. Leah’s drawing gave her a place in the world. She

########
Rank: 17
Score: 46.798325
Retrieved Text: Ivan drove her to the hospital again because she wouldn’t stop shouting and he’d had enough of her shouting over new imagined injuries and the bruises from nowhere that she might have done to herself. This time it was a spider in her heart and he told her that was impossible but she insisted it was in there and now they were in the car and Tillie’s frail frame was crumpled against the door of the car barely held erect by the tension of the seatbelt but at least she wore the seatbelt.
Ivan was angry but he did not want to be. They didn’t have the money for the hospital bills and he knew his insurance would be searching for signs of Tillie’s abuse of the system; he could not take another prying phone call, finding new words to insist that she did not care for drugs, she was just scared, always scared when she wasn’t painting, and she hadn’t finished a painting in weeks. Her illustrations for that picture book were already overdue which would be another phone call and he could get another extension maybe a couple of weeks, enough to get over these thoughts of spiders but not enough to let her finish the project. There were sketches in the studio. He could send those while she came back to herself. She really was ill and he was being unkind, hyperbolic; she did stop her shouting just as soon as he put her in the car.
He slid his hand down from the stick

########
Rank: 18
Score: 46.712563
Retrieved Text: Winner LRC’s Best of 2011 awards. Best Mystery/Romantic Suspense/Thriller Book!!
Logline: Bix finally won Ellie’s affection. Little did he know, that was the easy part.
Unable to make it home in a snowstorm, Ellie seeks shelter at an old farmhouse. When the owner’s grandson shows up and happens to be the man she had given the brush off to twice, it takes all they have not to kill each other during the snowed-in days that follow.
The last thing Ellie plans on is the relationship outlasting the storm. Bix’s persistence at a relationship and attempts to help her at her job with his computer skills proves to be more than Ellie can continue to push away. She finds herself where she never wanted to be after losing her fiancé a year ago. In love again.
When Ellie’s twin sister shows up and puts all their lives at risk, they must now weather a different kind of storm together.
Bix was surprised to see Ellie standing in the kitchen when he walked in her house the following Monday. He was hoping to surprise her when she got home from work. She must have left a little early.
“I do.” He kissed her again and weaved his fingers through her hair and to the back of her head.
She wrapped her arms around his neck and began kissing him hard. Getting more aggressive in her kisses, she began pushing him backwards until he was against the wall.
“I just missed you.” She kissed his neck then pulled at his shirt, sending buttons flying. Her hands stroked

########
Rank: 19
Score: 46.604248
Retrieved Text: HOT, SHOT, AND BOTHERED by Nora McFarlandTouchstone (08/11)Review by Linda S. Brown(6/30/11)McFarland’s debut novel, A BAD DAY’S WORK (Touchstone, 2010), introduced an intriguing rookie character to the soft-boiled mystery world: a news videographer named Lilly Hawkins, based out of the small town of Bakersfield in California’s agricultural Central Valley. Lilly is smart and smart-mouthed, a talented and ambitious newshound in a small, compact body – but sporting size 10 work boots. As one of the few women camera operators, Lilly has a bit of a chip on her shoulder; and it just may be that a few misspent moments in her youth contribute to that attitude. The first novel was an enjoyable and respectable debut. The new book in the series, HOT, SHOT, AND BOTHERED, shows McFarland’s growth as a writer who has added depth to Lilly’s character, and who demonstrates tighter writing and more complex plotting.In HOT, SHOT, AND BOTHERED, Lilly gets caught up in a firestorm in the foothills of the Sierra Nevada Mountains. Instead of rushing to evacuate the little resort/farming community of Lake Elizabeth, Lilly drives headlong into the path of the news story – and the fire. As in any small community, there are secrets that lie hidden, some beneath the surface of the lake, some in the city politics. Lilly believes the fire may have been started as a distraction to cover up a local scandal involving a young woman Lilly knew years before. But can she prove the cover-up before getting trapped by the raging wildfire?Back at the newsroom,

########
Rank: 20
Score: 46.586273
Retrieved Text: What’s left of a man who’s been captured by the pictures? What does he have inside of him that can contradict the masks he's worn, the scenes painted by the paparazzi? What combination of the words written that he never uttered will be chiseled on his tombstone?
He made his way to the record player and stared at the needle, methodically attempting to coax out a beautiful sound, but instead struggling against an imperfection. A sigh escaped from deep in the hollows of his chest and he closed his eyes.
He pictured the day he had met her, years ago after he left the theater on opening night of his first picture. He had worn a poorly created disguise (an ill-fitting bowler meant for a much larger head, a trench coat two sizes too big for his lanky frame, and an adhesive mustache he had kept from his theater days) and sat in the far back row, closest to the exit. He wanted to leave abruptly when the picture ended, prior to the audible reactions of the audience.
He feared both praise and condemnation, but often told his fellow actors neither mattered much to him. His goal had always been to remain adrift in a sea of sharks, neither becoming one of the shiver nor hiding from their wrath. His very nature was a contradiction that left him with a constant headache coupled with a persistent twitch in his left eye.
The second the screen began to fade from a scroll of names to black nothingness, he rose up and

########
Rank: 21
Score: 46.544514
Retrieved Text: Hundreds of years ago people have been writing about werewolves. Most of it was always a myth, however, some wrote romance novels about them some adventures, but it was always the same thing turning into wolves under the moon, and as wolves were complete monsters. But that was so not true anne rice wrote werewolves and romantic ways, which is how some people would rather remember them but most of the time, a lot of people thought that it was just stories that they did not really exist, but so many people, would be very wrong. One night under the moon under a blood moon, no less a young girl was walking into the woods. She was a bit lost. She didn't know if anybody was around to help her, so she had nothing but a flashlight and a gun just in case. You couldn't be to careful when it came down to forests she knew nothing about.
Unfortunately, she dropped to the ground quickly when she heard a lot of shots being fired. Then she heard wolves all around her. After a few moments of being on the ground, everything died down no sounds of wolves, no sounds of guns going off nothing. Once she realized that it was most likely safe she got up and began to walk, and unfortunately what she saw was horrible, she actually stumbled over a big wolf she couldn't see very well in the dark and her flashlight was dying. She covered her mouth with her hand. It was so

########
Rank: 22
Score: 46.42484
Retrieved Text: Sherlock sat in the back of the police car as they escorted him back to the brownstone, back to his family. He couldn't believe he was finally going nyumbani to them, he missed waking up to them every morning. As they pulled up outside, Joan was standing on the doorstep with Joseph.
Sherlock ran up the steps and hugged them both. Joseph held out his arms to him.
He looked back to Joan.
'But i think i miss wewe most of all.' He leaned in and kissed her. The kiss only last a moment but Joan could tell how much he missed her. They went inside and set Joseph down in his play room.
Joan leaned up and kissed him, he eagerly kissed her back. He missed her so much. He began to trail kisses down her neck.
Sherlock saw at least 3 different exits from where he stood but all were to far to hatch an escape attempt that wouldn't involve a casuality. He knew what is was like to be shot but didn't want to experience it again. He checked his watch it was ten to eight, he needed to send a signal to Gregson but how? He looked round him for something that could help, he noticed a button the right hand side of the ukuta which could be the buildings old whistle to alert the men work was finished. But getting to it would prove to be a challenge.
Micheal aimed his gun at Sherlock.
Micheal changed his aim several times between the men, he didn't know who it

########
Rank: 23
Score: 46.41906
Retrieved Text: The next day, Luke arrived early at the stable and began hitching up the horses. He'd done it so often that he was able to let his thoughts wander, and they wandered to Emma. What would she say, he wondered. What would he tell her about himself? He'd been distracted ever since he'd proposed they talk, and hadn't slept well. Writing had been an exercise in futility.
None of it had been helped by the phone call he'd made. As he did every month or so, he'd called home. His mother had answered, but as soon as she'd heard someone else come in the room, she'd hung up.
Nothing to be done about it, he reminded himself. Concentrate on Emma.
He'd just gotten the horses hitched when he saw Emma walking down the sidewalk towards him.
"Hi." She met his eyes, looked away, and then looked up again.
"Hey." His voice was soft. "You're early."
"Am I?" She looked at her watch. "I guess I am. I live just down the street, so it doesn't take long."
"Really? Where do you live?"
She gestured behind her. "About four blocks that way."
"No kidding." Luke shook his head and chuckled. "I must pass your place every day."
"You do." She gave him a shy smile. "I watch the horses go by, it's my favorite part of the day."
"Well, come on." Luke held out a hand and forced a grin. "Now you can watch from the carriage. It's a completely different perspective."
Emma took his hand and climbed up in the carriage. She huddled into her coat, cold despite

########
Rank: 24
Score: 46.365906
Retrieved Text: Putting Brady to bed was easy and the exhausted child fell asleep almost immediately. He didn’t even ask for a story from Aislinn. Jason had put a cot in his room and he seemed happy with the new arrangement. Perhaps he’d even stay in it for the night. He certainly wasn’t yet used to the luxury of a mattress.
Jason didn’t seem to want to occupy the bed beside the cot. And Aislinn didn’t ask why he hadn’t.
As soon as they climbed down the steps from the loft Jason took her in his arms for an ardent kiss. She kissed him back, not guessing how much her passion showed in her response. She did realize in her treacherous heart she’d been only marking time until he caressed her once again.
He backed her against the wall, pinning her there with his body, She could feel that unmentionable part of him pressing into her stomach, and marveled as the tremors he so easily caused swamped her yearning body. Holding her face in his determined yet still gentle hands, he probed at her lips with his tongue. On her gasp for breath he entered her mouth, at first only entering and waiting for her response. When she didn’t object he swept his tongue into every crevasse, adding to the mounting heat in her treacherous body. She’d never imagined such a thing, but she found it delightful. When he sucked on her tongue she nearly slid down the wall.
But when one hand moved to unbutton her blouse and she stiffened and

########
Rank: 25
Score: 46.358837
Retrieved Text: Thanks to all of you for encouraging me.I didn’t thought for a happy ending for this os but I am writing the part on your requests.
Kunj: Fine twinkle. I know my mistake is not small but you can’t say that I didn’t love you. From now on I will ask for your forgiveness day and night.I will wait for the day when you will hold my hand and will forgive me till my last breath.
From that day every morning after waking up and before sleeping he asked her for forgiveness. But their was no change in twinkle’s attitude.She did fulfilled all her duties as a wife except one.Kunj had told her he will not force her until she herself do not want it.
From the wedding day till that day kunj had not noticed her and even if noticed he thought that she was traping him.But now when he noticed her he became teary eyed. Twinkle had completely changed.She was not the jolly twinkle he had left years ago.She was very mature now.the girl who used to smile without a reason rarely smiled on a joke.He never saw her laughing her heart out.He sometimes used to get irrigated by her laughing like manic but now he was dying to see her laugh her heart out.He had changed her completely. He felt more and more guilty.
One day when he was entering the kitchen he saw that boiling tea fell on her hand.His mother was also their.He ran to her but she said she was fine. She was not

########
Rank: 26
Score: 46.337433
Retrieved Text: "John! Come quick, it's Marla!"
Big John was chopping wood for the village, but as soon as he heard someone shout his name, he dropped his axe. Sweat ran down his face from the hard work, he was exhausted, but something had happened to his wife, so he ran to their house as fast as he could.
He burst through the door with his heavy frame. Several people were within. Marla was on the bed, bloody bandages next to her, on the floor. The village healer was leaning over her. "What happened?" Big John asked.
"She was out in the fields, gathering herbs," said Gabe, a farmer. "An Orc rode up to her and shot her with an arrow, point blank."
Big John went to kneel beside the bed and hold her hand. There was so much blood. Her hand was cold and clammy. Marla looked him in the eye, gasping for breath, face twitching in pain. "An Orc? Why would it do that? Where did it go?"
Marla grasped his hand with all her strength. "It...it said... to give a message. Tomorrow at dawn... They...they... attack!" Her fingers slackened and her eyes closed.
"Marla?" Big John was about to shake her. She couldn't just die. But then the healer held him back.
"She's just unconscious. She's still breathing. But there's not much more I can do. It doesn't look good."
Big John sighed in relief. Then got up on his feet and stood up straight, towering over everyone else in the room. "Where did that beast go?"
"It rode off to where it came

########
Rank: 27
Score: 46.27662
Retrieved Text: Cameron eyed Sharon's door as he sat at the island and ate the last spoonful of surprisingly delicious chicken soup. She had been in there for the past one hour and he hadn't heard a peep. He was still puzzled by her anger. He had spent the whole dinner going over what he had said and found nothing objectionable. Maybe he shouldn't have shouted but he was getting frustrated by her reluctance to go back to Garnet Corp. Why couldn't she believe that he had her best interest in mind?
Dropping the spoon onto the bowl, the sound of the metal hitting ceramic clanging loudly in the quiet apartment. He didn't like it. He wanted the dinner they had had last night. Even though he had been trying hard to push her away, she had been less on guard and actually listened to him. Now, he couldn't speak. Every word was taken as an attack.
Which was what he wanted, right? Yet, why was he so angry, frustrated and sad? He should be rejoicing the successful outcome of his plan. Even if their interactions become more friendlier, she wouldn't try to get any closer to him. He knew his words had cut her deep, judging from what she had thrown at him earlier. Which was why he had not had high hopes for the soup or stew or whatever the delicious concoction was. He had been pleasantly surprised that he had enjoyed the meal.
Even as he debated getting another bowl, he knew he would never be able to

########
Rank: 28
Score: 46.255104
Retrieved Text: Dedicated to: Mom because I want to thank her for combing my hair.
Once there was a girl names Lilly. She never wanted a haircut. Nobody wanted hair clips, Head bands, not even pigtails, or pony tails. So their hair was really messy.
One day, Lilly’s mom told her to go comb her hair outside. “I don’t want to go outside with that old thingamadoodle!” complained Lilly.
“But there are knots in your hair!” yelled her mom.
“Does it make my hair smooth?” asked Lilly.
“It sure does!” answered her mother.
“Yes!” said her mom again.
“Fine, then I’m using it!” said Lilly.
She went outside to comb her hair. Nobody showed up. “I guess nobody would laugh at me this time!” she thought, “But I hope I don’t take this combie-whatever thingie to school!” she thought again.
The next day, Lilly’s mom made her take the comb to school, just in case if her hair ever gets messy. Before Lilly even left, she hid her comb inside her backpack.
When school was over, Lily quickly combed her hair. It felt so good that she kept combing it. One of her friends saw her combing her hair.
“Wow, can I see that?” Her friend asked.
“You really actually like it?” asked Lilly, astonished.
“Why would you ever think it’s bad?” asked her friend.
“Come on! We have to show it to everyone else too!” said her friend.
She showed everyone the comb. “Wow!” said one person.
“What is that?” asked another.
“Can I have that?” asked the third person.
Everyone came charging towards Lilly. Lilly ran.
“Heeeeelp!!!!” She ran to her car.
“Drive, drive, drive!!” She

########
Rank: 29
Score: 46.121853
Retrieved Text: “…and my heart beats only for you, she whispered to herself thinking about him, and smelling a bunch of roses in a local flower store. She couldn’t decide between white and yellow. She knew that white is perceived to be fragile and feminine, whereas yellow – inspiring and positive. She couldn’t decide what should she get for her beloved grandmother. There was no reason why she should get a bouquet, she only felt so. And still: white or yellow?
While wandering through a bunch of white lillies she remembered the first bouquet she got from him. It was a humble posy of narcissus, her favorite flowers. As humble as he was, when giving it. The colour was yellow and bright, positive and meaningful. He kissed her on the forehead telling something that she kept in the furthest drawer of her heart. She locked it safely and takes it away each time she’s alone – those words warm her up when she’s alone.
Her thoughts also took her to a warm sunny day when she bought a yellow dress and he couldn’t stop looking at her. “You are my sunshine”, he would keep telling with a smile, when kissing her bubbly cheeks.
Now, as she was not with him – she was staying at her grandmother’s – she found herself thinking about him almost every single minute. Even more than that. She would even dream him touching her skin with his fingertips and she would wake up all wild and goose-bumpy. She missed him badly. She missed his words, his

================



======= Instance Index 1619 =========
Input Text: Sally lost her kite because she wasn't careful.  She thought that there was more string on the spool, but it slipped out of her fingers when she reached the what?.
Choose the most suitable option to answer the above question.
Options:
- child's hand
- the last straw
- hobby shop
- end of line
- toy store

Target Text: end of line

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 53.846638
Retrieved Text: This was it. This was the year Princess Katie would win the Kite Fight. She knew it down in her bones with an unshakeable certainty. After all, she had the best kite in the country this year. And she’d trained with the best kite fighter all year.
“How are you feeling?” Matt, her trainer asked, handing her the kite.
“Pretty good. Confident,” she replied with a smile.
“Good girl. Go get ‘em,” he replied with a thumbs up. She returned his positive sign and went down to the field where all the other competitors were milling about.
The wind was strong today, and the skies were clear—a very good day for the fight. Then they were running and the wind was picking up and—there they went! The kites soared in the sky, flying higher and higher, until they were almost little dots in the sky. Princess Katie gripped her spool, fixed her eyes on the little green dot her kite had become, and allowed a smile to spread across her face. This was the year she’d win the Kite Fight.
Up in the sky, Princess Katie’s green kite smiled an eerily similar smile. It surveyed the kites below him, noting which ones were flying high and which ones were struggling. Then with a quick swoop, it lunged against a bright blue kite. Instead of pushing at the kite’s body, like all the other fighters were doing, the green kite used its enhanced string to slice through the blue kite’s string.
“Hey, what was that?” the blue kite shouted. But it was too

########
Rank: 1
Score: 43.652542
Retrieved Text: As we’ve written many times before, Mexico is fun because of the diverse landscapes, culture, and history that are available within just a few hours of driving. The magic town of Tapalpa hadn’t been checked off our list yet, so we decided to make the two hour trip from Guadalajara to see it. Carl the car hadn’t moved in over six weeks, since before Frida was born, so it gave us a chance to stretch his legs a bit before leaving on our long trip back to the US. Likewise for Frida, it gave us a chance to see how she’d do in her car seat.
Tapalpa is a quaint little town full of charm (I think “quaint” and “charm” are my go-to words for all small Mexican mountain towns…sorry, can’t help it.) You can rent nature cabins in the hills surrounding the town, but we went with our usual hotel room in town so we could walk around. Our hotel room once again didn’t disappoint. It was very nice with lots of natural wood beams, french doors leading out to a balcony, a wood-burning fireplace with wood & matches provided (imagine that in the US!), and an amazing breakfast that came included in the price.
The town plaza features two different churches built in the 1500’s. Surrounding the plaza are shops, hotels, & second story restaurants with outdoor balcony seating overlooking the main square.
Just outside of town is a place called Las Piedrotas. They’re huge boulders that look out of place in the middle of the surrounding

########
Rank: 2
Score: 42.301323
Retrieved Text: I enjoy crocheting. I find it relaxing and rewarding. A lot of the things I make are just a challenge for the fun of it. I actually amaze myself sometimes. Some things I will make and never have a desire to make them again. Then there are things I make and sell.
Want to know a funny fact about this crochet addict? I do not like crochet items for myself. Nope. Its just not my style.
While I was out shopping the other day, I seen spools of cotton yarn thread. This thread is finer than kite string but not as fine as sewing thread. I picked up a spool and threw it in my buggy. Nick looked at it sort of funny because he knew it was not the type of yarn I usually buy.
“I think im going to try and make a doily”.
He gave me one of those slow short nods.
Then I said, “You know, like the ones we have stashed all over the house from grandmaw?”.
I have never crocheted a doily before because they look so hard and complex to create. I went online and found a few different patterns to go by. After trying a few different ones, I realized it was just repeats of stitches and when I’d get lost or confused, I just carried own with my own thing.
One TV show and 30 minutes later, I had completed my first ever doily.
I was excited and couldn't wait to show my mom. I remember watching her crochet with thread when I was younger.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 42.13684
Retrieved Text: From a young age, Sally Howlett has had a passionate love for opera. But growing up on a council estate, it wasn't something Sally felt she could talk openly about, especially when her parents discouraged any form of performing arts for their daughter. So Sally's love of opera became her secret.
But one fateful summer in New York changes Sally forever. She finds herself enrolling at opera school, going against her deepest fears. But on the night before she starts her course, a man from Sally's past turns up on her doorstep and threatens to unravel her life once more.
I had never read a book by Lucy Robinson before but I had heard such great things about the author's previous books that I couldn't wait to dive into The Unfinished Symphony of You and Me and I wasn't disappointed. It did take me a while to get into the book as I found the leaping around from past and present a bit confusing, but as the book went along it became much clearer to me and I could grasp what was going on. From then on I was hooked and didn't want to put the book down as I was so enthralled with the stories of Sally, Fiona and the man from Sally's past.
The Unfinished Symphony of You and Me is full of flashes of hilarity and I found myself laughing out loud often. I wasn't sure how I would fare with the book and my lack of knowledge of opera, but the musical aspect of the

########
Rank: 4
Score: 41.384407
Retrieved Text: It's every mother's worst nightmare - that someone might take away their baby.
But for Betty (not her real name) that threat was not just a bad dream, it was real - because of her disability.
"Care from social services enabled me to have a relationship and a job," she says.
"But when I was pregnant I didn't tell social services because I was terrified of the threat of what children's services might do."
And it seems Betty's experience, though shocking perhaps, is not uncommon.
The research, by the Tilda Goldberg centre for social work and social care, found children's social services too often saw the parent's impairment as a potential risk to their children.
And they often prioritised "monitoring" over meaningful support that would keep families together and avoid interventions in a crisis.
She says: "The fear you carry with you, which other [non-disabled] parents don't experience, cannot be understated.
"If you are non-disabled, for the vast majority of people, the thought of social services involvement does not even feature.
"But every disabled person I spoke to, when I was pregnant, had a concern.
"There is always some implication because you have an impairment, that you may not be a fantastically good parent."
"For the first 10 to 12 months while Sally wasn't mobile, my existing day-care package and support was enough," Betty says.
"Once she moved on from milk and was mobile, it wasn't."
One of the things Betty needed help with was making her baby's food.
"It seems like such a little thing to make your child something to eat," she says.
"But if you can't stand for

########
Rank: 5
Score: 40.978916
Retrieved Text: ABC 13 reported that the spool fell off an 18-wheeler.
It was the third recent “spool incident” in Houston, the trucking news website, CDL Life, reported. A truck lost a spool on I-10 on Oct. 25, and then two others rolled off a truck on the same highway on Nov. 12, according to the website.
“The Texas Department of Transportation says that overheight loads hitting overpasses has become a major problem in Houston,” CDL reports.
The spool that took a spin in October did a slow roll toward oncoming traffic, KHOU reported at the time. One driver who posted video could be heard yelling: “Oh my God I’ve never seen anything like it. That’s insane,” according to the TV station.
When Marie Cervantez saw that behemoth spool of fiber optic cable rolling toward her on the highway in October, she thought she was going to die.
She was driving a Volkswagen Beetle at the time.
The spool hit her back bumper, she told ABC 13.
She warned fellow drivers to put down their phones and stop texting because they might not see a giant spool rolling at them, she told ABC 13.
Driving is second nature to many of us, but dangers still exist on the roadways. Kyle McNew of the Texas A&M Engineering Extension Service provides three simple tips for driving safely and avoiding traffic accidents.
In that October incident, Houston police ticketed the driver, who didn’t know how tall his truck was, the ABC station reported.
A few weeks later, another truck hauling giant spools hit the same railroad bridge on I-10, and two

########
Rank: 6
Score: 40.82997
Retrieved Text: One day, Sophichkin went to the Farmer’s Fair with her daddy. The sun was shining and there were lots of very interesting things to see and do. They were very excited to enjoy the day’s adventures together!
Sophichkin and her daddy visited the petting zoo first. There were all sorts of animals there, each of them doing the sorts of things animals are known to do. They all looked quite busy with their animal things and quite happy to be so. Among them, Sophichkin saw a mother hen and her chicks pecking at the ground.
“Peep! Peep!” peeped the chicks.
“Cluck! Cluck!” the mother hen clucked back.
“Look, Daddy! A mother clucker!” Sophichkin cried with excitement.
Her daddy smiled and nodded.
Next, Sophichkin saw a man flying a kite high in the air. The kite was very colorful and had two big eyes painted on it. As the man moved the string below, the kite twirled and swooped and flipped in the wind. It looked like so much fun!
“I want a flipping kite, Daddy!” said Sophichkin.
Again, her daddy smiled and nodded.
Sophichkin noticed a nearby mountain of neatly stacked hay bales. Squealing with joy, she ran over to them and began to climb. Higher and higher she climbed until she finally reached the top. She didn’t even mind all the hay that stuck to her clothes because she could see the entire fair from up there! She secretly spied a man below moving a large wheelbarrow full of grass to feed some nearby goats.
“Daddy! I’m as high as a kite right now! And

########
Rank: 7
Score: 40.48376
Retrieved Text: For many years, I thought of myself as 26 years old. It mattered not how many birthdays came and went, in my mind, I was perennially 26. Of course, more recently, reality has set in…..I now think of myself as 46. Which is why it is impossible that my son is celebrating his 40th birthday this month. But he is.
Which brings me to fondly remembering 3 silly incidents in his young life that have achieved the status of legend in our family. The first is the Christmas Apple. One of my students gave me a very special gift for the holiday season. She had taken an apple that was still on the tree and laid over it a stencil that had “Merry Christmas” cut out. The sun, after several days or weeks, had burned in the message so that when the stencil was removed, the message was permanently written on the surface of the apple.
The second we call The Kite That Went to Long Island. It was a beautiful summer day at the beach and Lewis had a small kite he was flying. Suddenly, a strong gust of wind pulled the string out of his hand. We watched in awe as the kite string skipped over the water and took it on a straight path across Long Island Sound. When it was out of sight, the adults around him all laughed. “Imagine being a person on the shore of Long Island and seeing a kite come in from the water!” we said, laughing. Sadly, our enjoyment

########
Rank: 8
Score: 40.30226
Retrieved Text: April showers bring May flowers. But then there are March winds.
After work, I came home to a warm dinner (hot dogs. ha). My husband and I talked some about our day, then we set off for a nice afternoon walk around the neighborhood. The wind was blowing in from the East. Sometimes we swear we can smell the ocean. We close our eyes we hear the waves.
Its been in the 50's and really windy here in North Carolina for the past few days. Great time to fly a kite. This is something you do not see many kids doing now days. They would rather sit inside and play video games. I'm starting to think that even TV is going to be something in the past for kids.
I speak of kites because its days like this that make me think about when I was young. My Mom would send me and my siblings out to gather sticks. They needed to be at least 8 inches long and straight. It was like a little treasure hunt as we set out to find the perfect ones.
Once we brought the sticks inside, Mom would use old newspapers and make us a kite to fly in the yard. These kites would really fly and it was so fun. They didn't last long as each one of us would end up with our kite wrapped in a tree in no time. I mean, who sends their kids out to fly a kite in the woods? hahaha just kidding Mom. But no, really,

########
Rank: 9
Score: 39.862816
Retrieved Text: It was one of those days that nearly didn't happen. Gizmogirl had a lunch date she didn't want to miss but it was the only day with decent weather. In fact seriously decent weather - 90% on MWIS. So gizmogirl did what most of us smitten with the virus that makes us trudge through bracken, bog and river to reach high places would do - she sent her apologies for the lunch date.
It wasn't going to be a long day, just a simple up and down to bag the remaining one of the Ring of Steall I'd not yet done - An Gearanach.
We picked up Sally (all set for her first Munro) and drove down a misty Great Glen. Inverness in clag, Drumnadrochit in clag, Fort Augustus in clag, Invergarry in clag, Spean Bridge in clag. By the time we reached the turn off to Glen Nevis (in clag) we weren't in the best of moods and beat the first coach party into Edinburgh Woollen Mill for coffee, toast and marmalade to mull over our options. I even told the woman who made the toast about the forecast being so wrong hoping she as a local could perhaps shed some light on the situation. She looked at me with a slightly pitying expression that said if you folk want to go off and climb hills you deserve whatever you get.
Call me an optimist but when MWIS says 90% I expect the cloud to lift. So we agreed to head in to Glen Nevis and through the

########
Rank: 10
Score: 39.81617
Retrieved Text: I say that with the utmost respect. But my friend and old boss, who was snarky and sassy as hell, died last week. She'd want me to be sassy in paying respect or tribute to her.
I met Leigh in 1994 when we both worked at a stamp store in the mall during the Christmas season. She's always been a force of nature. Speaking her mind, standing up for what she believed in and jumping into something head first, flying fast. She had charisma, people automatically liked her the 1st time they met her, and learned early on not to cross her. It was very easy for me to be friends with her because she was straightforward, so I knew what her plans were and the direction she wanted to go. We were opposites, really, but we got along very well. She knew how to push me to motivate me, but knew when to stop. She understood that I have buckets of tolerance and patience, but if I'm right at the edge, to back off because I'll burst. She pushed me creatively, had a lot more faith in my abilities than I had in myself, and trusted me more than I thought I deserved. I was lucky that I was friends with her before I started working for her, because I never felt like I had to tiptoe around the boss. I could speak with her candidly.
Grand opening of her store, 1996.
In 1998 she had to close the store because her manufacturing company took off and she

########
Rank: 11
Score: 39.7048
Retrieved Text: I ordered The Smallest Girl In The Smallest Grade from Maria's book order on a whim. It was really cheap (like a dollar or two) and had a fun cover.
Oh my goodness, am I glad I did!
For kids, this book serves up bright illustrations, fun rhymes and a palatable storyline about the power of one.
For parents, it surprises, delivering something poetic and profound.
"Hardly anyone noticed young Sally McCabe," the book begins, showing a tiny black-haired girl looking lost at recess.
"She was the smallest girl in the smallest grade."
And they certainly didn't know, or at least didn't mention, that Sally was paying super extra special attention.
To the abandoned kite with the tangled string.
To the 27 keys on the janitor's ring.
To the leaves as they turned green to gold in the fall.
To the time Tommy Torino was tripped in the hall.
She sees wildflowers tipping and hears a hound dog howling. "She was there when the stray cats who normally fought conducted a meeting in the church parking lot."
She notices various misdeeds: pushing and dragging, "mean words" and "cold stares."
She said, 'I'm tired of seeing this terrible stuff.
And remarkably, "something super extra special" happens: The kids all raise their hands in agreement.
they all felt, for a moment, like the janitor's keys.
that held all the secrets to unlock everything.
That image struck me: a student body "fastened together" like janitor's keys, experiencing the power to "unlock everything" by virtue of their unity.
I am still marveling over the impact of that single image, a ring of keys.
Sally goes on to discover the

########
Rank: 12
Score: 39.618416
Retrieved Text: The hit Syfy series Being Human continues its Season 3 run with "Get Out of My Dreams, Get Into My Mouth", airing Monday, February 11 on Syfy. Series star Meaghan Rath, who plays Sally Malik on the show, recently held a conference call to discuss the new season. One of the big changes viewers can expect in the new season is that roommates Sally, Aidan (Sam Witwer) and Josh (Sam Huntington) will be together more.
"For our writers one of their goals was to have the three of us together a lot more this season because I feel like we lost that a lot in Season 2 just because of all the stuff we were going through separately, so there're definitely more scenes with the three of us. I think that our relationships have developed quite a bit and yes, the chemistry is still there, if not more than before. And it's almost changed in some ways as we've grown up a bit."
Sally used to be a ghost before literally being some form of a human again, whether it be alive or undead. The actress revealed that she doesn't exactly miss being a ghost.
"There was nothing that I missed about being a ghost. It was, like, I was as happy as Sally was to be alive and interacting with people physically and, I was really missing out on a lot of things that everyone else got to do, so it really helped me to get back into her because I was feeling just as excited as she

########
Rank: 13
Score: 39.450836
Retrieved Text: Kite flying and kite battles are an Independence Day tradition in Delhi and from early afternoon until sunset, thousands of kites seemingly outnumber the birds in the sky.
Kites outnumber even the birds on the skyline of Old Dehli on Monday as India celebrates its Independence Day.
NEW DELHI // Pratyaksh Gupta has a suitcase full of trophies. The 13-year-old is masterful with a kite and the 50 or so kites in it are his proof. He won them by cutting the lines of his opponents in pitched kite battles fought from the roof of his building in Old Delhi.
Kite flying and kite battles, using a patang, or a fighter kite, are an Independence Day tradition in Delhi. From early afternoon until sunset, thousands of kites seemingly outnumber the birds in the sky.
The normally packed roads are empty on Independence day, as residents of Chandni Chowk, the oldest market in the ancient walled city of Old Delhi, crowd their rooftops to fly and fight each others' kites. All eyes look skyward, as tens of thousands of kites dance around each other. For as far as the eye can see, the horizon is full of kites being flown from rooftops.
Pratyaksh prefers to use kites he has won in battles. These kites have been lovingly cared for by their previous owners, he says. Tape has been used to patch holes that might let air through the kite, and impact on its handling. The knots have been tied precisely to ensure the proper balance of the kite. The more knots on

########
Rank: 14
Score: 39.3785
Retrieved Text: WOOSTER -- He doesn't concentrate on people's words well, but he can sure fly a kite. Joshua Nowell, 6, is autistic.
Flying kites in Kinney Field during Children Services' Kites for Kids Festival requires no words.
The boy couldn't talk until about two years ago, said grandfather Alan Young. Mother Karin Nowell of Wooster knows the challenges of raising a special-needs child.
Regina Schwartz, foster and adoptive home recruiter for Children Services, said the event was meant to give families who don't foster a chance to meet those who do.
They gave out free kites to the first 100 people, and they were gone by the first hour of the festival.
The 100 kites represent the approximately 100 children in the foster care system in Wayne County, Schwartz said.
Nowell heard about the festival through a flier, and though she's not a foster mom, she thought her children would enjoy the outing.
Her daughter Teresa Miller, 10, brought her own kite. She doesn't fly it much, Teresa said, but the wind was perfect Saturday morning.
Her brother doesn't realize a person is talking to him unless each sentence starts with "Josh," she said.
Josh said he likes flying kites. This is his first time trying. He ran about happily and didn't seem to mind if the string wrapped around him or the kite flopped to the ground.
Wren Hostetler, 10, of Marshallville said she stayed after her 9:30 soccer game to fly kites.
"We just kind of ran into this today," said her father Stefan Hostetler. Three of his four children were there, flying kites across the

########
Rank: 15
Score: 39.306595
Retrieved Text: Office Politics: How Would You Solve This Puzzle?
Here is a case study in office politics. After years of success and several promotions within a rapidly growing technology company, Sally achieved an important goal. She was promoted to the role of Chief Marketing Officer, a first for the company. Because she joined the company when there were less than 10 employees, she was well positioned to appreciate their history and share in some of the credit for the company’s newfound competitive success.
What Sally struggled with though, was the ability to influence her peers. She had always been reticent about taking credit for her work. Learning how to take credit without feeling like a jerk was still somewhat new to her. She recognized that speaking up about well-thought out ideas would be necessary when she joined in meetings with the Senior Vice President of Sales, Chief Technology Officer, Chief Financial Officer, and Senior Vice President of Human Resources. The company was experiencing growing pains, had a decidedly informal business-casual culture, and was struggling with important budgetary decisions.
At her first meeting with her new peers at the C-suite level, she was excited but nervous about presenting marketing and branding ideas that she felt strongly about. Before she had an opportunity to present ideas that she knew would grow revenue and engage the target market the company sought, the Chief Technology Officer cut her off. He stated in rather hostile terms that he thought marketing was fluff, and therefore an unnecessary expense. Given that Marketing was becoming more technology-driven, Sally

########
Rank: 16
Score: 39.235058
Retrieved Text: Cut the thread so that you�re left with 6 to 8 feet. Tie the end not attached to the kite around a pencil and wrap the string around the pencil to use as a spool. Tie the end not attached to the kite around a pencil and wrap the string around the pencil to use as a spool.... In kite flying, the action is the pulling down of gravity and the equal and opposite reaction is the air pushing up on the kite and creating a lift force. In order for a kite to fly, the lift force must continuously weigh more than the kite.
Pull the tab on the release to disengage the lines, and the kite will fall harmlessly into the water. About Our Expert Maika Monroe is a kiteboarder and actress.
21/11/2018�� Then, measure and cut the sail for the kite in the shape of a diamond. Finish up the kite by adding the flying line and the tail to ensure it flies properly. You can also decorate the kite when it is done so it looks extra pretty as it soars in the air.
though the kite was cut through the center of the spine. Copy paper or thicker paper work fine for the Copy paper or thicker paper work fine for the template.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 38.96295
Retrieved Text: "Bye Mom," the young girl called out as she hurriedly put on her shoes.
"Heading out dear?" Called back an older voice that was slowly drawing closer.
"Yeah Mom, I'll be back in time for dinner," the young girl replied again as she finished shrugging on her shoes and grabbing up the bulging backpack nearby. As the footsteps became audible, a slightly panicky expression dawned on the girls face as she turned towards the door and threw it open.
Hearing the door open, the footsteps seemed to increase in frequency as their owner picked up speed. "Seresana wait, where are you going?" the voice called out, now just down the hall from the entryway.
Seresana however was already at the door, grabbing up the stick bow before shutting the door and running off towards the woods despite her mother's continued protests. "Geeze Mom, you always worry too much," Seresana thought to herself as she put more distance between herself and the house where her mothers protests resounded out from. It wasn't long before the protests faded out entirely, and Seresana didn't know or care if it was because she'd simply got too far away or her mother going back inside. Either way, she had the whole day to herself and the forest she was running into. The sun shone brightly overhead, gently warming the day and keeping her just a tad on the warm side while running deeper into the woods. Scattered clouds offered some shade, but were outdone by the abundance of trees that surrounded Seresana, though the gentle

########
Rank: 18
Score: 38.781868
Retrieved Text: It was only a few months ago that Darlene learned that she had stomach cancer, and true to her nature, she fought it with all she had. The robust actress immediately underwent surgery and then began radiation and chemotherapy. Her prognosis was good,but Soaps.com has learned that she passed away in her home, on Sunday January 14. She was 72.
canvass in 1988. She garnered Daytime Emmy nominations for Outstanding Supporting Actress in the years 1991 and 1992, and was also nominated for six Soap Opera Digest awards. Before Sally was “born”, Conley graced the storylines of other soaps including The Young and the Restless , Days of Our Lives , General Hospital , and Capitol. She felt that daytime TV was her home. “It is really the best medium today for women of a certain age to do something really flashy,” she has said. (Can’t you just see how animated she must have been while saying that?) Undoubtedly, it was Darlene’s love of being “flashy” that put her in the history books of world-famous Madame Tussaud’s wax museum (in Amsterdam and Las Vegas). She is the only daytime star included in the collection! Before she found her home in soap fans’ family rooms every weekday afternoon for the past thirty (or so!) years, Darlene shared her talents in feature films (her first director was Alfred Hitchcock in The Birds!), TV movies, mini-series and staples such as The Mary Tyler Moore Show and Murder, She Wrote. Prior to that, she toured the country in classical theater companies

########
Rank: 19
Score: 38.775517
Retrieved Text: Rhema is pretty much back to her healthy self; she is still coughing and vomiting her food more than we’d like, but overall she seems better. While she’s been recouping, while we’ve all been recouping along with her, we watched the old classic Mary Poppins — Rhema is in love with it!!! She asks to watch it almost daily now and she loves the kites! So, a few days ago when it was sunny and pretty windy, we found a kite for $1.30 at Walmart and attempted to fly it for her. It was a Jake and the NeverLand Pirate kite and believe it or not, that little kite did pretty well to be as flimsy as it was. Rhema LOVED it and would yell, “get it up…higher…higher!!!” She squealed and would repeat after me saying, “here comes the wind!!!” When we would get it up and going, we would give her the handle and wound the string through her wagon so the handle did not escape when she dropped it. She was one excited little Pirate Princess!

########
Rank: 20
Score: 38.428288
Retrieved Text: I have a friend so besotted with SallyClark she said she might frame the May 16 cover of the Seattle Weekly on which Sally's face appeared. My personal opinion? Sally resembles, almost to a disturbing degree, the first woman with whom I shacked up. Though I won't be framing any issues of the Weekly, I did enjoy chatting with her the day after her cover girl debut.
"How does it feel to be a cover girl?" I asked.
"Only five days left until there's a new cover," she said. Sally talked about how sweet the photographer was, and how there were only two unsmiling photos on the contact sheets among the many he'd taken. Oddly, these were the only two published. On the cover, the camera is aimed up at her small frame, her image is stamped, "untouchable." Now, six weeks hence, Sally has three folks who've signed on as challengers for her Seattle City Council seat. She needn't fear, all three are fringe candidates.
There's Stan Lippman, a guy who's been an annoying, invasive weed in the local political scene for the past 10 years with unsuccessful bids for positions too numerous to count, plus two other unknowns--Judy Fenton, who's biggest beef is outdoor nudie art, and Bob Brown, a retired Seattle firefighter. Bob isn't happy the city invested in bike lanes.
I started my interview with a few questions related to the Weekly article. She quickly tired of the subject matter; an irritated look crossed her face. "Is this going to be all about the article?" she said.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 38.067997
Retrieved Text: One of the things that amazes me about West Africa is how difficult things are for independent travellers. I didn't expect there to be any kind of backpacker infrastructure – this is the developing world, after all – but not only is getting around a pig, exploring the destinations can be a real pain too. The tourist industry here is aimed squarely at people taking tours, where companies run air-conditioned buses from the hotels to the tourist attractions and back again, but I prefer to explore on my own itinerary, if only because tours are rarely realistic for single travellers; they're often based on having four or six people, and if you don't have that many like-minded friends, the only way to take the tour is to pay for the empty seats yourself, and that's expensive.
Unfortunately it's really difficult doing it any other way, and sometimes you have no choice but to take a tour to see what you want to see. Kiang West National Park, a haven for ornithologists a few kilometres downstream from Tendaba, is one such place; the only way to get there if you don't have your own transport is to hop in a four-wheel-drive or pirogue, but even with two of us the price was steep. We asked about walking into the park, and it seemed that this didn't compute; all we got in the way of response was, 'It is much better if you are taking a guide, so you do not get lost.' Given the complete lack of maps

########
Rank: 22
Score: 38.06086
Retrieved Text: The last two years have been the best of my life. My dog had puppies, I became a fulltime author, and I got married.
Most of my prior life had been a self-destructive mess. I grew up on a council estate, got involved in gangs, and didn’t have a very stable home life. My life was full of drama and pain. Although I didn’t know it then, over my teen years I slowly developed Generalised Anxiety Disorder. I turned to booze to self-medicate a condition I didn’t even know I had. My anxiety condition, often referred to as GAD, masqueraded for years as my personality, and I just thought I was a worthless mess. I just thought that was who I was. I was overly emotional all the time – angry, happy, sad – and I would often push people away because of these extremes (until eventually I had nobody at all). I was paranoid, jealous, aggressive; arrogant one minute and insecure the next. I was a total mess. I spent my student loan on booze, dropped out of University (despite being a straight-A student), and started selling phones. I was a good salesman – smart and likeable – but I was also miserable doing something that wasn’t what I wanted to do. I was also completely alone. I had relationships start up and end in a constant cycle of letting people down until it just wasn’t worth the effort of even trying to know people. I was tired. I was twenty-three years old and already tired

########
Rank: 23
Score: 37.95637
Retrieved Text: This morning, when Soifon walked out of her house, the coolness of the day came as a great relief. It had been so hot lately it was hard to go outside without risking getting heatstroke. Luckily, Soifon had been careful and stayed inside on most of the hot days, but that was getting boring. She had a division to run! You could only do so much from your house and office. Soifon had finished every piece of paperwork she had, cleaned her house and the office twice, and wrote a list of things she needed to do. But everything was done.
Soifon walked slowly through her division, feeling the cool breeze and noticing her surroundings. Since the temperature was so nice today, she decided to train. Soifon loved to train. She loved to get stronger. She dreamed in beating Yoruichi in a match someday. But that wouldn't happen if she didn't train. On the way to the training area, she saw no one. That was strange. Usually the members of her squad were running all over the place. Where could they be? She wondered, as she walked through the silent streets of the second division.
Darque thought this might get him trouble but this would be a great opportunity to challenge his greatest rival, he knew she hated his race because of Aizen's betrayal. She warned any arrancars coming to the Soul society that if they got in her way that she would kill them, he was the exception for some odd reason. He thought it maybe had

########
Rank: 24
Score: 37.9324
Retrieved Text: You have just reached the $10,000 plateau on a TV game show. Now you must choose between quitting with the $10,000 in hand or betting the entire $10,000 on one of three alternative scenarios. Which do you choose?
Financial advisers want to know how you feel about risk before they invest your money. It’s important because if you chose A then you need investments that are a safe bet. There are lower returns, but you don’t have to worry that your cash might disappear. If you chose D, your adviser will likely recommend new companies that might make it big, but they might not. You could invest in the next Google or it might be a dud that fizzles away, along with your cash.
There’s no right or wrong response to this concept. Investing at all is a risk, but when you understand your own relationship to risk you can choose plans that will work well for you.
I tell you all this because it offers a fabulous metaphor for life.
All of life is a risk.
Just like all of the options in the multiple choice above, there is risk involved. Even if you chose “A”, there was risk in just showing up for the show and trying to win. You could have missed a day of work and not won a dime.
Going for your heart’s desires is a risk. We all have battle scars to prove it.
NOT going for our heart’s desires is also risky. The risks of regret, of longing for something else, of simply not feeling satisfied

########
Rank: 25
Score: 37.871323
Retrieved Text: The days blurred. Mama came and talked about clothes, and a date for Sally&apos;s Court presentation and her ball. Sally had been imagining her ball for years. She would dance first with Papa and then with David. But David was gone, and it was Papa&apos;s fault.
She started to weep again, her tears staining the fine silk samples her mother had brought.
A week passed, and they fetched a doctor, who said she was hysterical, and suggested a treatment in whispers to Papa. Papa got white around the lips, and the tips of his ears pinked, and he had the man escorted from the house.
After that, Mama insisted Sally come out of her room. The new maid dressed her several times a day. A day gown to go to breakfast and listlessly follow Mama as she met with the household staff and kept up her correspondence. An ensemble to walk in the park, or ride in the carriage, attempting to smile at friends and acquaintances. An evening gown for dinner, where she shifted her food around her plate in an attempt to disguise the fact she was not eating.
Mama did not insist on taking her into company. Perhaps she feared that Sally would subside into weeping if anyone mentioned David. Certainly she cried when Mama and Aunt Bella explained to her that he was too young to know what he was doing, and that he only decided to marry Sally because the grownups gainsaid him.
She waited for a letter, but no letter arrived. Were the mothers right? Sally

########
Rank: 26
Score: 37.657463
Retrieved Text: A Maine Wedding is more than just a wedding planning service working in the mid-coast area: Sally, the lead planner at A Maine Wedding, is also an officiant able to perform civil ceremonies and vow renewals. This gives her one-of-a-kind experience and an inside look into each wedding that she works with. They also sell elopement packages for those who don't want a formal wedding.
If you need an officiant, A Maine Wedding can provide a 25 page Ceremony Worksheet that helps customize the ceremony, making it more meaningful to the couple. They will be there at the rehearsal as well as the big day. Along with all of these services, Sally loves to help couples who desire to elope. The wedding packages she offers can include hotel stays, photographers or other vendors, vouchers to nearby restaurants, and any other service the couple wishes. From the most simple to the more extravagant, an elopement package can fit each bride's needs.
Sally Bullard went above and beyond to ensure that our son and his new bride had a beautiful wedding ceremony that went off without any complications. From the moment we first contacted her, she was excited about being able to perform the ceremony for them, and provided us with valuable information in regards to obtaining their marriage license, finding the perfect location, having a backup location in case of rain. She was also helpful with finding a florist and a baker, and made herself available for any questions we had. The ceremony itself was absolutely beautiful, and she

########
Rank: 27
Score: 37.60412
Retrieved Text: Tuesday evening, we noticed that Missy wasn't coming around anywhere in the house. We looked all over for her and couldn't find her. We told the kids to not worry, as cats will often find a nice quiet place and take a nap.
Well, during supper, Missy never showed up. I noticed that the dogs across the street kept barking and wouldn't calm down. "Just for fun" I looked out to make sure they weren't barking at Missy. We looked for Missy again and couldn't find her.
I went outside with a flashlight and looked all around the house and the yard, and called out "Here, Kitty, Kitty" (as if she recognized my voice the second day). Since we couldn't find her in the house, I told my fears to Sally, that I thought that one of the girls had accidentally let the cat out of the house.
We sat down to watch American Idol and I heard the dogs barking next door even more, so I went outside again with the flashlight. (It's been to Africa and back!) I walked across the street (jumping a ditch filled with rainwater) and shined it all around the neighbor's yard, hoping they wouldn't call the police on me. I didn't see anything and was back on my porch when I took one last look across the street.
That's when I saw her. Like a flash of black lightening, the terrified cat dashed from the neighbor's yard towards the South and down the block.
I took off after her calling "Here, Kitty, Kitty" (as

########
Rank: 28
Score: 37.57021
Retrieved Text: March 15, 2015 was the darkest day of my life. It was the day I lost my life partner, Steve Tarpinian, to suicide. We had been soul mates for over 33 years.
Have I made peace with his suicide?
If I separate the cause of Steve’s death from the tragedy of forever losing the love of my life, I can say yes.
I have come to terms with the fact there is nothing that I could have done that would have resulted in a different outcome. Steve’s mental anguish must have been so intense, so much so, that he lost sight of all the love surrounding him. He had already tried suicide once before and failed, so it seems out of his hopelessness, he was determined to try again. That is how insidious the disease of the mind is.
The first two years after losing Steve were filled with so many unanswered questions; ; “Why, he had so much going for him”, “What if I had said…” , “What if I didn’t say….”, “What could I have done differently?” , so there was no possible way for me to make peace with his suicide. At times these questions still haunt me, however, for the most part, I have accepted the fact that Steve made up his mind on his course of action and nothing anyone could have said or done was going to dissuade him. The suicide and mental illness collateral damage such as destroyed relationships, being blamed for his death, uncalled for vitriol aimed at me and judgments on

########
Rank: 29
Score: 37.39393
Retrieved Text: As I sit here writing this post, I am somewhat at a loss as to how to start. Do any of you fellow bloggers ever feel that way? I always struggle with my opening paragraph! I mean, obviously, as you can see in my opening picture, I got a new table on our back deck, and it is an old spool that we are using as a table! This spool table is the star of the show today people!
I am madly in love with it, but I want to go back and tell you a little story about my beloved spool table.
And then, I am going to show you around the rest of my lower and upper level deck that I have been working on and getting ready for summer. Sound good? I hope you stick around, because I have lots of pictures to share today, and I am super excited to share them with you! Below is a view of the lower deck. You can click here to see this same view of our lower deck from last summer.
So, here is the story of my new spool table that I am in love with. I guess I should start with the couple who made it possible for me to get this spool in the first place. Back in October, it was my two year bloggiversary, and I had collaborated with Minted.com to host a giveaway for $150 credit to Minted. I also shared a tour of my family room and the new gallery wall I

================



======= Instance Index 4430 =========
Input Text: James lived in the top of a tall tower.  He could see clouds when he looked out his window.  Where might he live?
Choose the most suitable option to answer the above question.
Options:
- in books
- radio station
- city
- tower
- medieval castle

Target Text: city

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 53.820614
Retrieved Text: As a little mental get away I occasionally picture myself in a very tall castle tower. I am thin and beautifully dressed with very long blond hair. There are big windows among the brick walls and the sky is a beautiful clear blue with puffy white clouds passing by. This is where I go to think when I need an answer that comes from my higher self. The self that sees the big picture of life.
She sat in the tower, looking down at the ground below. She frowned, watching the people move back and forth about their business. A glimmer of light attracted her attention and she saw a knight dressed in gold armor coming towards the castle. She frowned, someone else coming to court her, to take her from her tower. She walked from the window, planning her escape.
There once lied a towerd amidst an ocean blue and deep. A tower no man was known to have ventured inside. The light it cast was bright, slicing through the thick fog like a knife. It’s marble walls spiraled upwards eventually meeting at a single point, the lookout.
She glanced out the window that morning and she could see forever. She had been in that room at the top of the tower for 16 days now, and she saw no end in sight. How did I get here? I just awoke. Am I still sleeping?
I went into the tower and climbed my way through the thickness of each step. Slowly I came upon the idea that perhaps it

########
Rank: 1
Score: 39.29534
Retrieved Text: James was moving. This was his first thought. Being human, he immediately began to wonder where he was, and where he was going. He sat up, opened his eyes, and looked around. He was in a metal box with no roof. He looked up and saw clouds going by. He sat up a little more and was just able to see over the top rim of the box. I’m in a mine cart, he thought. He looked around, but all he could see was the cart, the sky, and the track stretching out in front of him.
This is odd, he thought.
Then the signs started to appear. As he rolled down the track, he saw many signs that said many different things. “Eat at Joe’s!” “Buy from Big Ed if you want Quality!” The signs were varied, and distracted him from the fact that he had no idea where he was going.
As he continued to read the signs, he noticed that some of them had conflicting messages. Finally, he came to a sign that said, “Hey you, in the mine cart: you are on a crash course for destruction.” Strange, he thought.
A little later, he noticed another sign that said “The end of your track is coming! Are you ready?” He began to get nervous. He didn’t like reading those signs. He would rather read the funny signs, the amusing signs, the ones that didn’t make him feel uncertain.
Finally, James came to a sign that said, “Switch tracks!” Switch? He thought. How do I switch? And why

########
Rank: 2
Score: 39.282795
Retrieved Text: A mouse once found a wishing well.
“Now All of my wishes can come true!” she cried.
She threw a penny into the well and made a wish.
The next day the mouse came back again.
She threw a panny into the well.
“I wish this well would not say ouch,” she said.
“What shall I do?” cried the mouse.
She took the pillow frome her bed.
and she ran back to the well.
The mouse threw the pillow into the well.
Then she threw a panny into the well and made a wish.
“Ah, That feels much better!” said the well.
After that day the mouse made many wishes by the well.
And every one of them came true.
A little mouse went for a walk with his mother.
They went to the top of a hill and looked at the sky.
The little mouse and his mother can saw many pictures in the clouds.
They saw a castle…a rabbit…a mouse.
“I am going to pick flowers,” said Mother.
“I will stay here and watch the clouds,” said the little mouse.
The little mouse saw a big cloud in the sky.
It grew bigger and bigger.
The cloud became a cat.
The cat came nearer and nearer to the little mouse.
“Help!,” shouted the little mouse, and he ran to his mother.
“There is a big cat in the sky!” cried the little mouse.
Mother looked up at the sky.
“Do not be afraid,” she said.
The little mouse saw that this was true, and he felt better.
but he did not look up at the sky for the rest of the afternoon.
Once there was a very tall mouse and a very short mouse

########
Rank: 3
Score: 39.259064
Retrieved Text: July 26, 2013 by Katherine Hajer in "#fridayflash"
The windows of the B&B Enterprises office tower ran the full height of every floor, and, like all office tower windows these days, they were mirrored on the outside so as to be tinted on the inside. On a bright day with not too many clouds in the sky, the windows could be counted on to confuse at least two or three birds.
Gordon only flinched a little, then, when a bird flew into his cubicle window and bounced off with a very solid thunk sound. He finished formatting the columns in the profit-and-loss summary he was working on before he glanced out the window to check on the bird's status. If it was lying dead or injured on the ledge, he'd have to call Real Estate Services to get someone in a window-washer's bucket to sweep it off. Company policy was that any animals found dead or injured on or in the building were to be reported immediately so they could be cleaned up. This policy had come into effect after the incident in the fifth-floor men's room between Director Fraser and the sewer rat.
Gordon startled when he saw that the bird was neither dead nor injured. The bird seemed to be in rude good health for a small creature that had just collided with the side of an office building. The feathers on its yellow body and black-barred wings were all in place, and it looked through the window with a thoughtful expression in its obsidian eyes. Gordon

########
Rank: 4
Score: 38.666
Retrieved Text: The Bushel fluttered over and grabbed their friends, pulling while DragonFruit burned the web from the wall. In only a few seconds Batnana and Mandarin were free of the sticky netting and pulling the last treads of it from their fur.
The Bushel and their new found friend flew back into the main room and settled down on the table top.
“So, you live here?” Apple asked DragonFruit in admiration.
“We are here because we saw a cloud over the castle, do you know what it is?” Watermelon asked.
“We looked at it from across the bay. It’s dark. We think it’s some kind of animals, not just a cloud, and they are swarming above the turrets!” explained Grape Bat.
…After showing them three rooms that looked pretty much perfectly alike: stone walls, a window, wood floor broken through in some places, DragonFruit paused.
He led them up one of the winding staircases, passing through the shafts of gold light from the skinny, tall windows. They went up, up,up, all the way to the top floor. He stopped in front of an old wooden door that was open just a tiny crack. All the Bushel hovered around behind him.
“Whats in th-there?” Lemon Bat stammered nervously.
With a little wiggling, the bats popped through. The light in the room was much better than out in the tower’s hallway! The sun, on its way down for the day, shone through a big round window, much like the one from the feasting hall downstairs. There were also several smaller square ones, in order to bring in

########
Rank: 5
Score: 38.324142
Retrieved Text: As I settled in to my packed Christmas flight home to Florida today, I knew it was too good to be true when the seat next to me was the only one empty on the entire sold-out flight. And sure enough: minutes before departure, a flight attendant ushered an unaccompanied minor to the seat next to me. Even better: this was the first flight he had ever been on alone. Why me?
But it turns out that as far as seatmates go, 7 year old Malakhi wasn’t half bad. Although I wasn’t ever quite able to finish even a single article from the magazine I brought on board, Malakhi was very entertaining.
He showed me how he could fold his drink napkin into first a swan and then a dove. I tore out a page from the in-flight magazine to give him more material to work with, but he crinkled his nose: “too flimsy to work well,” he said. So then we turned to the page in the magazine with a map of the US and tracked the path of the flight. He kept alternating his attention from the map to the view out the window, confirming that we were indeed over a stretch that had us over the ocean.
As we approached Orlando at 7pm, Malakhi looked out the window at the lights and talked aloud about what he saw. He tended to see the swirls and patterns of streetlights as letters, shapes, or animals. We talked about it and agreed that it was like looking at clouds:

########
Rank: 6
Score: 37.897408
Retrieved Text: The sun had gotten up a few hours ago. It had gotten a little under halfway through its trip to the other side of the world when the Prometheus drifted into the air above the town.
Captain Holden Swash sat astride the prow and looked across the clouds at the tower.
He knew what it was, of course. It was famous. More accurately, it was what made this town famous. But what it really was wasn’t always what it was when you asked people about it.
If you asked one of the Pillars of the Community, it was an object of pride. A few of them would even get flowery, bordering on poetic, when they described it.
It was a monument, a big metal statement of WE ARE HERE that stretched from the heart of town clear into heaven. Glowing with pride, they’d recite the fact that the tower even pierced the clouds if any were foolish enough to try and cover it.
These people were generally the ones who’d had to pay for the thing, but never mind.
If he squinted one way, it looked like bug antennas. Big metal bug antennas, that’d been designed by someone who’d liked the swoopy arches the Japanese put on things.
If you asked the conversationalists, the real bone deep ones, the towers were the big metal horns of the devil. Or Progress, which was pretty much the same thing to them.
He could almost see their point, kinda sorta. If he looked at it plainly, it was just a place to dock his ship for the

########
Rank: 7
Score: 37.81875
Retrieved Text: Morning broke cool and still. Fog clung to the village. Igdryll was awake, had been awake for most of the night. He sat down on the edge of his bed and looked outside through a grimy window. A few were out going about their business but most were still asleep. There are younger folks in the village who would have been better suited for this type of business.
‘Why those bones choose me?’ he thought.
He stood and walked to a nearby table. Moving clear some papers and a broken hammer, he picked up a jug of cider and poured himself a drink into a tin cup. A knock at the door.
“Who be it?” Igdryll asked.
Igdryll opened the door and let the Elder in. An assortment of woodworking tools, a plate of half-eaten bread and cider bottles emerged in the gloomy morning light let in through the open door. An ancient looking clock sat on the fireplace mantle. The Elder glanced at it.
“I think your clock stopped,” the Elder said.
“I’ve got a hammer,” Igdryll said lifting it up from underneath a shirt. “I bringin’ a hammer.” He slipped the mallet into his belt, grabbed a walking staff from beside the door and they left.
They walked in silence together through the village. A few pockets of activity stirred here and there but the main road was vacant. As they walked past the Old Tower which marked the village boundary, an old toad stared at them a moment before hopping off into the undergrowth.
The Elder quietly hummed. Igdryll recognized the

########
Rank: 8
Score: 37.64693
Retrieved Text: NEWCASTLE are keen to seal the signing of Icelandic forward Vidar Orn Kjartansson as Rafa Benitez’s desperate search for reinforcements continues.
The 27-year-old is a relative unknown among Europe’s top clubs, having played the majority of his career in Scandinavia before spells in China and Israel.
But – as Starsport exclusively revealed last week – he could be on his way to St James’ Park in a deal set to be worth £8m.
Kjartansson was top scorer in Israel last season, finding the back of the net 15 times in the league.
At 6ft 1ins tall, Kjartansson offers much more of a physical presence than current first-choice striker Dwight Gayle – but the above footage shows he can be equally as prolific in front of goal.
Gayle scored 23 goals in 32 appearances last season to fire the Toon to Championship glory but the 26-year-old has looked out of sorts on his return to the Premier League.
Kjartansson’s clinical finishing ability could make him a handy addition to a Newcastle side desperate to bring in some names before the transfer window slams shut.
WEST HAM were beaten by Newcastle in the Premier League today - here are our Hammers player ratings.
But if the Maccabi Tel Aviv man does make the switch, he will have his work cut out convincing fans of his worth as they responded to the rumour with little enthusiasm.
“He's 27, not a young prospect to be developed,” said one supporter.
Another wrote: “He has never been in favour for the Icelandic national team, even though he goes on red hot scoring

########
Rank: 9
Score: 37.47082
Retrieved Text: Terracotta Lighthouse is one of our newest prints, depicting a mysterious desert scene which will make anyone who sees it think twice!
A boy woke up in the middle of the night. His eyes opened slowly as he realised he was no longer in his bedroom but surrounded by golden sand dunes in a vast desert. He had no idea how he’d got to this place but he wasn’t afraid. It felt familiar, like a place he’d been to many times before. The sun had just set and there was a cool breeze that played with the sand, each grain swirling and cascading gently around him as if welcoming back an old friend. He could feel the sand between his toes as he began to make patterns with his feet, warm on the surface but cooler as he uncovered the desert beneath.
In the distance he could make out a tall structure; strong and bold on the horizon. He looked all around but could see no other signs of life nor civilisation, just this tall tower standing out against the blue sky. He decided to investigate.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 37.43002
Retrieved Text: The girl with the flower tied to her back was called Amber.
Until Amber’s head was nearly lopped off by a scythe.
Her horse loosed a whinny, and reared up. Together they toppled down a furrow, sledding through the dry dirt. When the cloud of dust cleared, Amber looked up to see her mother staring down at her.
The first thing Amber did, after she got to her feet, was touch her back to see if the flower was still there. The body-length stem still dragged between her legs, and the soft, white petals – each as tall as her leg – still drooped over her shoulder, and tapping against her chest.
Amber sighed, and thought about how much happier she would be if she were older, and taller, just like her mother.
“You should not go there, little one,” Mother clucked, almost absent-mindedly. She was looking over the trees of grain. Amber could only imagine what the top of the forest looked like.
“You met him once, was that not enough?” But before the question had left her mouth, Amber’s Mother knew the answer.
As the horse hooves beat against the dirt, pulling her away from the forest of grain, Amber heard the hissing swish of her mother’s Scythe descend again. And again. Until it faded with the wind.
In the foothills, she drank from a well. She watered her horse, too, and tied a pouch of grain around his snout to eat. Amber looked up to the mountains, soaring, a bruised violet rising to a cone of glistening white. She was weak

########
Rank: 11
Score: 37.22312
Retrieved Text: Mr James McKenna was the 7th Mayor of Patea in 1894, serving the very new township & surrounding district’s for 3 years. The Patea Borough Council had only been established for 14 years, & at this stage their Offices were still in the old Literary Institute at 3 Oxford Street. His popularity was apparent when he was re-elected as Mayor in 1911, after Mr Clarke & Mr Williams were Mayors in the years in between. He was on the Council for a total of 20 years when he stepped down just before WWI in 1913 at the age of 57 years.
James had immigrated from his picturesque, hometown, of Ogonnolle in County Clare Ireland, as a 17 year old to the ‘land of opportunity’ on the other side of the world. He arrived in Wellington in 1873 & started work in Wellington for the Gear Meat Company, but it wasn’t long before he moved north to Patea, the bustling town with endless prospects. He started work for John Gibson, in his large Store on Egmont Street, learning the business of importing & trading from the bottom up. By 1882 he has opened his own Grocery & Homewares Store at the top of Bedford St, near where the Whale Bone Sculpture is now. James was in partnership with a Mr Cullinan, & their advert in the Patea Mail at the time says they do free delivery in town & to country areas.
In 1887 James married Ann Jane Quin, from the well known Quin family of ‘Highlands’ farm near

########
Rank: 12
Score: 37.208668
Retrieved Text: A helicopter was flying above Seattle when an electrical malfunction disabled the aircraft's electronic navigation and communications equipment. Due to the clouds and haze, the pilot couldn't determine the helicopter's position and course to steer to the airport.
But he saw a tall building, flew toward it, circled, drew a handwritten sign and held it in the helicopter's window. It read: "WHERE AM I?"
People in the tall building quickly responded to the aircraft, drawing a large sign and holding it in a building window: "YOU ARE IN A HELICOPTER."
The pilot smiled, waved, looked at his map, determined the course to steer to SEATAC airport and landed safely.
After they were on the ground, the co-pilot asked the pilot how the sign helped determine their position. The pilot said he know that had to be the Microsoft building because, similar to their help lines, they gave a technically correct, but completely useless answer.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 37.192368
Retrieved Text: July 28, 2016-My guts churned as I realized that we were on a crash course with the black car. I looked behind us and Hannah was in another car and she was gaining on us-we were about to be sandwiched between the two. The black car was parked horizontally and blocked the end of the lane way; there was no where to go but straight through it! Grandpa opened the sliding rear window of the pick up truck, “Get in the cab!” he yelled and one by one we climbed into the front of the truck.
There was just enough room for all of us. Grandpa slid the back window shut and stepped on the gas, “Everybody HANG ON!” He stepped down on the gas and the truck reached top speed; I could see that the tall, thin human and Edgardo were standing in front of the car and that they were holding a gun.Shots rang out and I could hear the bullets hit the metal bumper and the side of the truck and we all ducked-Grandpa veered to the left and we made contact with the front of the black getaway car.
We hit the car with so much force that it shifted from it’s position and we made it through the barrier! Smoke was pouring from the truck engine so badly that we could barely see out the windshield. Grandpa rolled down his window and stuck his head out of the driver’s side door to gain visibility. We made it to the main road continued down

########
Rank: 14
Score: 37.113865
Retrieved Text: The Romero family was on its way back to Mission Viejo. They had been camping ten miles south of the U.S. Border in Rosarito Beach, and their camper truck was finally heading north for the two-hour drive home. The family crossed the border into California in the late afternoon with the hot sun hanging low over the Pacific. They passed Sea World’s Sky Tower; drove the long, lonely stretch of highway through Camp Pendelton; and passed the San Onofre nuclear power station with its blinking red beacons. “Me and my sister rode in the camper,” James Romero told me of that trip he took when he was 13. “I slept most of the way home.” What little ventilation they got was the warm wind blowing in through the shell’s windows. They arrived home early in the evening.
It was late August of 1985, and Southern California was a few days deep in a scorching heat wave. It was also six weeks deep in a terrifying crime wave. But James was, after all, barely a teen and enjoying the heart of his summer break from La Paz Intermediate School. He had a new girlfriend, plenty of friends in the neighborhood, and an Atari console. He didn’t watch the news. He didn’t know about the killer.
Just that morning the Orange County edition of the Los Angeles Times had run a somber front-page headline: “Slaying of S.F. Man Linked to Valley Intruder.” Without revealing details, Los Angeles County Sheriff Sherman R. Block revealed that forensic evidence had linked the murder

########
Rank: 15
Score: 37.04055
Retrieved Text: James stared out the window as the instructor lectured animatedly at the whiteboard. He let his hand drift over the clean white paper, his pen lazily floating across the page. He purposefully kept his eyes away from the notebook, giving his hand free rein.
“Sorry, man.” James scowled with ferocity equal to that of the professor, glaring at the mass of incomprehensible scribbles in his notebook. “Just spacing out.” He tore off the top sheet of paper and crumpled it loudly. James returned his gaze to the window.
He jerked awake suddenly, elbows sliding off the desk. Had he fallen asleep? James darted a few surreptitious glances at his instructor and classmates; no one seemed to have noticed. Relaxing his tense shoulders with a sigh, his eyes dropped to his notebook, expecting to see the usual mess of indecipherable scribbles.
Instead, the stark image of a tree was scrawled across the page. The roots twisted in a tangled mass, the grim branches stretched alarmingly to the edges of the page. He blinked fiercely, screwing his eyes shut so tightly that they watered. He looked again. Just scribbles… the usual swirls and jagged slashes of an aimless, wandering pen. He was sweating, but a chill shivered through him.
A tree. James shook his head. My mind is playing tricks on me, and for a split second I thought that I saw a tree. He looked at the page again; it hadn’t changed. It was nothing, just a mess of ink scrawled across the page.
But if it was nothing, why wouldn’t his

########
Rank: 16
Score: 37.036263
Retrieved Text: Genealogy. The writer will profile each of the persons listed using the information as found in the book. Some may be paraphrased and others direct quotes.
He was a tall well-proportioned, fine looking, respectable Indian who first settled in Robeson county about the year 1769. This was Bladen county at that time. On the 9th of August, 1769, James Lowrie bought a tract of land containing one hundred acres from William Fort, to whom it was granted by George II, in 1748. He also entered another tract of land containing three hundred acres adjoining the above tract, the grant being signed by George III. On the above mentioned tracts of land, now owned by the heirs of the late Col. Archibald McEachern, James Lowrie first settled.
Below the residence of Col. McEachern, in a bend of the swamp, is the place where James Lowrie resided. McPhaul’s mills on the same swamp are about three miles away. The swamp became known as Lowrie Swamp because he resided there. James Lowrie raised stock, had a small farm, and kept a tavern during the Revolutionary War.
“James Lowrie first came to Robeson (then Bladen county) from Bute county, from that portion now called Franklin. Other families came also from what is now Franklin, Warren, Nash and Edgecombe and settled about the time Silas Atkins (Silas Atkins was a close friend of James Lowrie.) first built on the tract of land now owned by William H. Graham. James Lowrie lived in Franklin, also, before he came to Robeson County. It was said that

########
Rank: 17
Score: 36.905983
Retrieved Text: Edmund looked at the small apple in his hand. It didn’t look like it would hatch, soon or otherwise. He was about to take a bite when he remembered Ung’s reaction to Junapa’s sweet, so decided instead to slip it into his pocket just to be safe.
Edmund turned and looked at the last occupant of the coach, a tall handsome man with a pencil thin mustache. He had egressed the couch earlier, but he had been pulled aside by Mr. Shobbinton, and was talking quietly. His hair was short and well groomed, and he was dressed in a long coat that covered his knees. Somehow he’d acquired a glass from somewhere, and it was full of ice and a sickly yellow looking liquid. He was talking in a long and floating tone while Mr. Shobbinton pointed at pieces of paper, until his wandering eyes suddenly connected with Edmund’s. They stared at each other for a moment, and then the man looked back to Mr. Shobbinton.
“The word is ‘adopted,’” Ung said, his voice dropping threateningly. The man blinked in surprise as he looked up at the towering butler.
“Wislydale is Mr. Tricknee’s son,” Mr. Shobbinton said, clearing his throat and adjusting his tie.
Wislydale gave a little nod of his head, patted Edmund again, and sipped fitfully at his glass as he wandered off after the vanishing form of Kolb, Mr. Shobbinton trailing after him with briefcase in hand.
Edmund watched them leave and then felt Mrs. Kippling’s hand on his arm.
Was he imagining the slight hint of sympathy in

########
Rank: 18
Score: 36.85143
Retrieved Text: I’ve never been one to speak out about politics. But something about today has gotten me inspired.
You’d have to live under a rock to not know that Donald Trump was elected as our 45th President of the United States. And it being such a close election means that there are a lot of people who are happy about this outcome, and a lot of people that are quite unhappy about it.
Now, whether or not you support Trump, he will be our next president. So we best make the best of it, no?
There is a lot of talk about Donald Trump and his attitude, demeanor, and reckless opinions. There is talk of “what do I tell my children at the breakfast table today?” … of a president that bullies, that speaks badly about women and minorities, and well, unfortunately the list goes on. I am certain there are many who actually did vote for Trump who still do not approve of many things about him, his personality, and his past.
It can seem like a dark day to many. It can seem like an uncertain time. It can seem like a hopeless future. And yet I believe that no matter where you stand in regards to this election, we can all find hope today.
You see, the Bible is full of stories of God using imperfect people for His glory. David had an affair and had a man killed. Moses doubted and disobeyed. Paul literally put Christians to death. Rahab was a prostitute. And well, the list goes on.
And

########
Rank: 19
Score: 36.681225
Retrieved Text: Here is chapter five of this blogella. I know it is looonnng and only tangentially related to wine but, oh well. Those of you who have been here before know what an ambling path the OneWinePerWeek blog takes!
As with prior chapters, please click on the below YouTube video for the soundtrack. If the video is not visible below, please click here.
Annie hadn’t stated in her letter at what intervals James should open and drink the wines. He had toyed with the idea of consuming the second bottle that same evening but decided against it. He didn’t think that’s what his aunt had intended.
The next day, James’ anticipation level caused time to slow down; finally dinnertime arrived and he sped through his meal, consumed by thoughts of what this second bottle would bring.
Same time, same chair, thoughts of the prior evening running through his mind mixed with wondering if this was all a coincidence or if he was in for another wild dream show.
Picking up bottle number two, James twisted the top, broke the seal, removed the cap and poured. The wine was a brilliant garnet hue. Not opaque like the wine from the first bottle, this one shimmered with jewel-like clarity. The aromas of this one were different that the first, but no less lovely and no more identifiable.
Sip time. Mmm, this is good, he thought. He kept chewing the wine in his mouth, not wanting to swallow because of how intensely flavorful it was. But the anticipation of the next dream made him swallow, and

########
Rank: 20
Score: 36.620964
Retrieved Text: JAMES: Johnnie had a phenomenal 2012. He did seven shows and looked great at every one of them. He will surprise people here. He has all the tools when he comes in shape. I don’t think there’s a better upper body out there. That’s a Mr. Olympia upper body. The round muscle bellies, the sheer thickness, and all the details. His legs are a little bit behind, but he’s always working on adding a little more sweep. Johnnie doesn’t need to concern himself with coming in heavy because he’s got such dense muscle that he looks twice as heavy as he really is. He can be lighter than the other guys and still outsize them. The first thing you see when somebody comes out is the shoulder width and the midsection, and Johnnie has both of those qualities. He’s gonna be dangerous.
MUBARAK: Johnny had a very good 2012. He shocked a lot of people. Johnny is a tank and when he’s conditioned, he looks like a cartoon. He’s not too tall but the amount of muscle he holds is ridiculous. If you had to find a fl aw in him it would be that his upper body carries more mass than his lower body. When he’s peeled, it doesn’t matter that much.
NICHOLLS: It’s a tough call, but I’m going with Johnnie Jackson, Toney Freeman, and Ed Nunn for my second group to round out the top six. All three athletes are structurally good. Ed and Toney are both big, taller guys who carry the “wow” factor

########
Rank: 21
Score: 36.543716
Retrieved Text: wearing what looked like a green track suit.
went up in the office.
Thirty, maybe twenty, he was wearing a baseball cap backward on his head.
Regardless, he had his audience now. There were the three cops in the first ESU unit, two helicopters, two harbor patrol boats, half the tourists in downtown Manhattan, and us. Why hadn’t he jumped already? we asked, handing the binoculars around.
Why don’t the cops just grab him? They were three big guys after all. The one closest was sitting Indian-style right next to Jumper whose feet dangled over the tower. That cop was tethered to the other two guys and the bridge’s super structure. He could just reach out and boom.
But Jumper just kept on talking, gesticulating—angry sometimes, sometimes morose.
“He looks a little dingey,” observed someone in the office, handing off the binoculars to pick up a call ringing through on her desk. “We’ll have the meeting in five minutes,’ suggested someone else, wandering towards the water cooler. Soon thecurious crowd at the window thinned to just two of us.
The P.D. had inflated a giant yellow and white mattress thingy on the ground below the parapet. Jumper just talked and talked. “He’s not going anywhere,” said the other guy at the window, walking back to his desk.
“Five bucks says he goes,” I said.
“You can’t bet on that,” said someone else looking up from her computer. I watched for a while longer trying to keep the binoculars in focus. Then I picked up the phone and called a friend in midtown. I explained the

########
Rank: 22
Score: 36.505383
Retrieved Text: Prompt: "All was well" - nineteen years after the final battle, strange things are happening at Godric's Hollow and Harry has started speaking Parseltongue again. His friends and family seek help but Harry's demons are not going to be easy to exorcise.
Inspired by the quote: "People say that God is dead, but how can they think that if I show them the Devil?" from The Exorcism of Emily Rose.
AN: This is slightly off canon. Rose Weasley is a year younger than Albus and is not attending Hogwarts yet. Neville does not work at the school. Victoire has already graduated with Teddy, as has Percy’s eldest, Molly. His youngest, Lucy is still in attendance.
The only 2nd gen characters seen are James, Albus, Scorpius, and Lucy. Also: although McGonagall might not have it in her to be headmistress for 20+ years I have put her in the seat, anyway.
“You know your way! I don’t!” James could hear the scowl in Albus’ voice as he followed the sounds of his older brother.
“Well, I know my way around and you’ve still got me turned about!” Another irritated voice called out in the darkness.
“We might if we knew where we were going,” Albus growled.
“We’re in the place that the boats land when they bring in the first years. Can we get a light now?” The third voice said grouchily.
Albus clamored down from the rocks and onto the even ground.
“What were you doing up there?” Albus asked.
“Harold Burser claimed he got it together with Siobhan Connors and threw her unmentionables up here,”

########
Rank: 23
Score: 36.47301
Retrieved Text: When we stepped inside the chapel it was empty except for the lady who sells tickets for the tower tour and a single guide. Entry to the chapel is free but there is a small charge to climb the one hundred and sixty six steps to the top of the forty six metre high tower. This was what we’d walked so far for and £3.50 seemed a small price to pay for a birds eye view of the park.
The lift only goes as far as the first floor so, even if we’d taken it we’d have been on our own from there onwards. The spiral staircase is a modern addition to the chapel. Originally, those whose job it was to climb the tower and tend to the bells had to climb ladders attached to the walls to do so. Climbing the stairs was tough enough, although not quite as tough as the stairs in the Civic Centre Clock Tower. Perhaps if we hadn’t walked all morning to get here we might have had a little more energy.
We hadn’t gone very far when we passed a round window. Due to my lack of height all I could really see through it was sky and tree tops but I stopped to take a photograph anyway. Then I continued to climb. Truthfully, it wasn’t too much of a challenge and we were soon at the top on a platform encircling the staircase.
We were now in line with the large arched windows at the top of the tower. The room

########
Rank: 24
Score: 36.320137
Retrieved Text: I looked out onto the inside of a huge circular tower covered with green vines on the inner wall. A stone floor, large enough to hold a few people, stood right in front of me. The stone’s color was like obsidian, black as night with light golden streaks across, giving it a luminescent effect. The stairs were located to the right of my bedroom door, worn down to a uniform smoothness. I cautiously stepped on to the floor, worried that it would vanish and plunge me towards an uncertain doom. I breathed a sigh of relief as I bent down and touched solid stone.
I stood back up and turned around, my mouth hanging open as I saw what had happened. The bedroom door was gone, leaving only a blank wall with vines covering it.
“Well, it looks like you have no choice but to go up the stairs and hope that you find the exit out of this crazy tower,” I said as I put my foot on the first step.
I looked around me while I started walking up the stairs. The walls that peeked through the vines were made of a dark gray stone with a fleshy appearance, giving it a slightly moist look. Small glass globes of white light were placed on the wall every twentieth step, giving the tower an ambient moody glow. The green vines seemed to be literally fused with it, almost as if they were the wall’s veins. If I squinted I swore that I could actually see them throb.
It looked

########
Rank: 25
Score: 36.156475
Retrieved Text: When he found her she was laying on her back crying naked above the covers. She looked at him and smiled and said “hey sweetie”, and then rolled over on top of the man besides her and kissed him on the cheek and closed her eyes and must’ve just gone to sleep right there. The guy looked at me and I don’t remember if he said anything but I laid down right there on the ground and looked out the window watching the midday sun not move a bit. I could see parts of the valley, the ugly parts, where it was dry. My head found a nice corner of the mirror my back had been laying against and I fell half-asleep right there and heard them shuffling as I found my way to somewhere quiet.
The door shut and I felt her get next to me and then the door opened and he said something and she said back “okay cutie, get outta here”. Her cheek found my lap and I felt warm and then her hands found my leg but it was the wrong leg so she grasped at nothing until she was too tired and fell asleep, as i’d been.
The door shut and she walked down the narrow steps and out the front door and stretched when she went and saw the neighbor who she had a better relationship with than the boy who lived there and she got in her car and went back to where she lived. As she drove she saw

########
Rank: 26
Score: 36.11145
Retrieved Text: Immortal Mortal - Chapter 99 - AnythingNovel.com Read online any english novel around the world.
It had a desolate sounding name, but in reality, it wasn't the case.
Besides the mottled and weather-beaten walls, this place was unbelievably crowded. There were countless streams of beast carriages and flying beast carriages. The passing people all carried weapons on their backs, with an imposing aura encompassing their entire body. Compared to a mortal city, cultivator cities were really indescribable.
Mo Wuji carried his drug refining equipment on his back as he walked into the city. According to the information he gathered, there were other sects near Fringe City. Besides Formless Blade Sect, there were also the Nine Spirits School, Thundercloud Sect, Thousand Leaves Alliance and at least ten other sects.
The Formless Blade Sect was not the strongest sect among all these sects, and it was because of this, that Yan Qianyin nagged at Mo Wuji to try his best not to offend others.
While there were many people in Fringe City, there were also many inns and hotels. Mo Wuji was quickly able to find a place to stay: the North Water Inn. According to the waiter, the North Water Inn was the very close to the Immortal Training Tower.
Even though this was a cultivator city, Mo Wuji found that the facilities of the North Water Inn was far from Chang Luo's Tian Luo Hotel. The only good point was that this inn accepted gold coins, if not Mo Wuji wouldn't have wanted to stay there. He only had a hundred pieces

########
Rank: 27
Score: 36.051693
Retrieved Text: Thanks to Samuel Moralez from Long Island, NY for sharing his story!
Sam grew up in a large Victorian house that used to be a funeral home in the 1930s and 1940s. The two large rooms that had been used for funeral viewings were separated by wooden and glass sliding doors. The property itself was huge, with nine-foot-high lilac bushes surrounding the border and a circular driveway with a big tree in the center.
Sam had a frightening experience when he was a little boy. He had been very sick for a while and his mother had sent his siblings to stay at a friend’s house while he recovered. One night, he woke up to hear a sound coming from the kitchen. He rolled over on his bunk bed. Normally, he could see through the hallway and into the kitchen from his bedroom. Sam expected to see his mother walking about the kitchen, but the whole house was dark.
As Sam continued to stare, he saw a shadowy mass emerge and glide through the kitchen and down the hallway toward his bedroom. The dark form was twelve feet tall and looked like a “blob of twisting, churning oil.” Sam could hear the entity speaking to him as it approached his room, but couldn’t understand what it was saying. It appeared to be speaking in some other language. Eventually, he heard it say, “It’s not your time yet.” Hoping this was some sort of nightmare, Sam pulled the covers over his head. He wanted to call for his mother, but

########
Rank: 28
Score: 36.036957
Retrieved Text: St Stephen’s dates from around 1200, with 15th and 19th century alterations. It is the only one of the five United Parish churches with box pews, and is a fine example of an ancient village church in simple style over which much care has been taken.
Fuller descriptive notes will be found below.
The church consists of a Chancel 11ft 1in by 7ft 9in, a Nave 36ft by 20ft 3in, a small West Tower 6ft square and a south Vestry. The walls of the Nave belonged to the original 12th century building, but they have been entirely replaced and later windows have been added. The easternmost of the two south-side windows of the Nave is of a 15th century date and has two cinque-foiled lights, each under a square head with a moulded label. The other Nave windows are modern copies set in old jambs.
At the western end of the north wall, the main doorway is of a late 12th century date. Its jambs and semi-circular arch are of two chamfered orders with a grooved and hollow chamfered abacus and a label enriched with dog-toothed ornament.
The Chancel, the Tower and the Vestry were all built in 1844, when the exterior of the church was refaced with bands of red brick and flint work, with buttresses at the corners. The east window of the Chancel is modern and has three cinque-foiled lights under a four-centred head. The Chancel arch, entirely of late 12th century stone-work, is 4ft 1in in thickness, has square jambs, and the arch is semi-circular with

########
Rank: 29
Score: 36.02581
Retrieved Text: Note from Eric: Shannon was a teenager with little church background when she heard a story about a man who worked at a railway bridge. When she realized the story was about what God did for her through Jesus, and she put her faith in him that night.
I didn’t believe I was a child of god in the beginning. Sure, I had read the bible stories book in the doctor’s offices growing up. I even had a few friends that didn’t swear.
When I started going to a youth group at church, it was only because my friends went. One night our youth group went to a concert. It started off as a music concert. They sang, we sang, I sang. But I didn’t believe anything I was singing.
Then a man came on the stage. As he talked, I realized how wrong I was. He was talking and laughing and joking. And he told us a story.
Once there was a man who had a son and no wife. He worked at a bridge. Everyday he would push a button to make the bridge go down so the train could come over it. He did this every afternoon.
One day the boy’s school had a free day and the boy decided to come down to his dad’s work and kick a football around at the foot of the bridge. While he was playing his dad was looking down on him.
At 2:45 p.m. he started to prepare for the train to come. He looked down for his son. His son

================



======= Instance Index 2345 =========
Input Text: The jury determined he was guilty of the crime, and decided that the judge must do what for the victim?
Choose the most suitable option to answer the above question.
Options:
- conduct trial
- serve justice
- pass sentence
- bring in verdict
- go to war

Target Text: serve justice

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 53.749767
Retrieved Text: There are many words in English dealing with crime, the courts and punishment.
acquit = to decide that someone is not guilty of a crime: "All the defendants were acquitted."
barrister = a lawyer who is trained to defend or prosecute in a court: "The barrister asked many difficult questions."
bail = a sum of money that can be paid in some situations to allow someone accused of a crime to stay out of prison before the court case: "He won't get bail - he's extremely violent."
court = the place where a crime is discussed and judged: "He's in court again - this is the second time this year!"
a court case = what happens in a court: "This is an interesting court case, as many people are involved."
in custody = when the police keep someone in prison before the person goes to court: "He's being kept in custody until the trial begins."
custodial sentence = when someone is sent to prison for a crime: "Custodial sentences are getting shorter."
conviction = when someone is found guilty of a crime: "He had a string of convictions going back twenty years."
cross-examination = when what someone says is questioned by the barrister representing the other side: "Under cross-examination, her evidence showed some inconsistencies."
to defend - to argue the innocence of the person who is accused of a crime (the defendant):"The barrister defending him is going to have a hard time."
evidence = information that proves someone is guilty: "The forensic evidence shows that he committed the murder."
fine = a sum of money that is paid

########
Rank: 1
Score: 49.54996
Retrieved Text: Dwight DeLee enters Judge Walsh's courtroom on Wednesday. A jury found DeLee guilty of first-degree manslaughter on Friday.
Syracuse -- A county court jury this morning found Dwight DeLee guilty of first-degree manslaughter as a hate crime in the fatal shooting of Moses Cannon last November.
This was the first hate crime homicide trial held in Onondaga County.
DeLee, 20, of Gifford Street, now faces a minimum of 10 years in state prison, and a maximum of 25 years, when he is sentenced by Judge William Walsh Aug. 18.
The jury of six men and six women acquitted DeLee of a more serious charge of second-degree murder as a hate crime.The manslaughter finding was a determination that DeLee was only intending to seriously injure -- not kill -- someone when he fired one shot from a .22-caliber rifle into the car in which the victim was sitting with two others.
Cannon, 22, has been described by relatives as a transgender person who went by the name Lateisha "Teish" Green. The hate crime prosecution was based on allegations the victim was targeted based on sexual orientation.
The verdict came about 20 minutes after the jurors finished hearing a read back of testimony from the Lateisha Green's brother, Mark, who was sitting next to the victim in the car and identified DeLee as the shooter.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 49.389404
Retrieved Text: The fourth jury trial was held in San Martin, Buenos Aires. The trial lasted three days in which the jury found the defendant guilty of the charge of homicide and not guilty of the charge of assault . Judge Elhart presided over the trial. The prosecution was handled by the prosecutor Noemí Carreira, a private prosecutor , and the defense was handled by a private attorney.
The theory of the prosecution’s case was as follows: on January 1, 2014, the defendant was driving his van in Villa Ballester (the scene of the crime). At approximately 8:30pm, a large stone collided with his van, according to testimony, it was thrown by the victim. At that time, the accused took chase of the alleged aggressor (who was driving a motorcycle), driving the wrong way up two one-way streets ramming into the bike on Republica street. The impact killed the motorcyclist. Then the defendant also hit another vehicle, driven by a police officer who suffered minor injuries. After that, he left his truck two blocks from the scene and he turned himself in at the police station the day after the incident.
The defense attorney argued to the jury that his client did not intend to kill and that death was the result of his imprudence (manslaughter). He asked for acquittal for injuries to the police officer.
Judge Elhart correctly instructed the jury on these four options: intentional homicide, manslaughter, assault and not guilty. He gave the jury two verdict forms, one for each count (the motorcyclist’s death on the one hand,

########
Rank: 3
Score: 48.697933
Retrieved Text: A crime is reported or witnessed by the police.
The police will conduct an investigation of the incident. Interviews of witnesses and suspects may be conducted; physical evidence is gathered; photographs or videos of the scene may be taken; in some cases forensic services may be contacted to collect further evidence; evidence may be sent to criminal laboratories to be analyzed.
This a document that is filed by the police in the office of the magisterial district judge. The Criminal Complaint lists the offense(s) charged, identifies the defendant, provides the date(s) of the alleged crime(s), the location of the alleged crime(s) and a summary of the facts that support the charge(s).
If a defendant is arrested for a felony offense or a misdemeanor of the first degree, the defendant is brought before a magisterial judge for a preliminary arraignment. At this proceeding the defendant is given a copy of the criminal complaint and the defendant is advised of his or her constitutional rights. The magisterial judge will also set bail.
If a defendant has been arrested without a warrant and the most serious charge is a misdemeanor of the second degree or a misdemeanor of the first degree DUI offense, the arresting officer may release the defendant without taking him before a magisterial district judge for a preliminary arraignment if the arresting officer has reasonable grounds to believe that the defendant will appear when required, and the defendant does not pose a threat to himself or others.
At a preliminary hearing the defendant has an absolute right to be represented by

########
Rank: 4
Score: 48.220966
Retrieved Text: What is a Criminal Complaint in NJ?
A criminal complaint is a “Charging document”. This piece of paper tells you what you are accused of doing wrong. A criminal complaint will also include the date of the crime, location of the crime and it will identify the victims.
What’s the difference between an arrest warrant and a summons?
An arrest warrant means that the police have a court order to take you into custody because of a criminal charge.
A summons is an invitation to go to court. However, if you fail to go to court, the judge will issue a “bench warrant”.
What is a “bench warrant”?
A bench warrant is just like an arrest warrant but it comes directly from the judge.
How can I confirm my court date?
Each criminal complaint lists the address and phone number of the court in the location where you were arrested. Simply call the court administrator and provide your name and complaint number. They will be happy to help.
Will I get notice of when & where I have to appear?
If you provided accurate address information during your arrest, you will have a notice sent to you. You can always follow the instructions in number 6 (above) to call and find out.
Will there be a lot of people in criminal court?
The judge doesn’t like me, can I get a different judge?
Unless you have a conflict with the judge, you are stuck with the judge assigned to you.
What does it mean to have a “conflict” with a judge?
Before they became judges, judges worked as lawyers. If you

########
Rank: 5
Score: 46.19982
Retrieved Text: Douglas Hammersley gets suspended sentence for assaulting girl four decades ago.
A 102-year-old man who pleaded guilty to indecently assaulting a young girl in the 1970s is believed to have become the oldest person to be sentenced for a crime in UK history.
Douglas Hammersley was handed a two-year suspended sentence at Aylesbury Crown Court after admitting three counts of indecent assault on a girl, who was aged between five and eight at the time.
He was formally sentenced on 11 September after admitting the offences, which took place in the 1970s in the Buckinghamshire area, in July.
Hammersley, who turned 102 on 8 September, was arrested after his victim came forward in October 2015.
He was interviewed at home under caution after the victim spoke to Thames Valley Police in October. He was then summonsed to court and the charges were put before him.
Hammersley originally pleaded not guilty, but admitted the offences at a plea and trial preparation hearing in July this year.
As well as the suspended sentence, Hammersley was ordered to pay £25,000 compensation to the victim and a further £3,500 costs to the Crown Prosecution Service (CPS), each to be paid within 21 days.
Jennie Laskar-Hall, from the CPS, said: "We were able to prosecute Hammersley thanks to the victim coming forward, even though the offences were committed more than four decades ago.
"Hammersley was determined to put his victim through a trial by pleading not guilty. His defence team also claimed he was not fit to stand trial and provided two expert reports in support of this. We successfully

########
Rank: 6
Score: 46.142147
Retrieved Text: COMMONWEALTH vs. MATTHEW MAHONEY (and a companion case [Note 1]).
INDICTMENTS found and returned in the Superior Court Department on November 6, 1986.
Stephen Hrones for Matthew Mahoney.
Richard Abbott for James Santos.
GREANEY, J. A grand jury returned indictments against the defendants, Matthew Mahoney and James Santos, and a third man, Douglas Drager, charging them with the murder of Kirk Nilsen. The indictment against Drager was severed from those against the defendants, and the defendants' respective motions for severance from each other were denied. The indictments were put to trial before a jury in the Superior Court. At the conclusion of the Commonwealth's evidence, the judge allowed the defendants' motions for the entry of required findings of not guilty on so much of the indictments as charged murder. The jury were instructed on the elements of manslaughter, and they found each defendant guilty of that crime. The defendants have appealed. We transferred their appeals to this court on our own motion. Santos, represented by new counsel on appeal, argues that the judge erred in denying his motion for a required finding of not guilty on the manslaughter charge, and his motion for a severance. Mahoney, represented by his trial counsel, argues that the judge erred in failing to allow individual voir dire of a juror who indicated on a confidential questionnaire that she had been the victim of a burglary. Both defendants argue that the judge erred in permitting the expert testimony of a chemist, and in excluding counsel from a postverdict interview with a juror who had written

########
Rank: 7
Score: 45.66806
Retrieved Text: It is difficult to be a criminal defendant. If the defendant is ultimately found guilty of the crimes for which he was arrested then few people have compassion for the hardships endured by the defendant while he was standing trial. However, for defendants who are arrested for a crime which they did not commit, a criminal trial can be a real burden.
For that reason, there are many stages to a criminal case that are designed to protect the rights of criminal defendants. One of the stages that is most important to protecting the rights of criminal defendants is the preliminary hearing.
It is the role of the judge in a preliminary hearing to determine if there is enough evidence against the defendant to go to trial. Judges use the probable cause standard when deciding whether the case should proceed to trial. In other words, the judge must decide if the government prosecutors have enough evidence to convince a reasonable jury that the defendant has committed a crime.
There are parts of a preliminary hearing that resemble a trial. Both the prosecution and the defense are likely to make arguments to the court about why or why not a trial should proceed. The government may call witnesses and introduce evidence at a preliminary hearing and the defense may cross examine the witnesses and refute the evidence.
Other issues such as those about jurisdiction may also be decided at a preliminary hearing. If, for example, the defendant does not believe the case has been brought in the right state or federal

########
Rank: 8
Score: 45.493843
Retrieved Text: The State Attorney's Office in Sarasota, Manatee and DeSoto counties will be closed Friday April 19th, 2019 in observance of Good Friday.
In a criminal case, a verdict by a jury or judge that the defendant is not guilty of the offense.
The formal decision of the court in a given case as to the guilt or innocence of the defendant.
A person who makes an affidavit.
A written statement which the affiant swears to be true.
The statement of the issue, which must be proven.
Review by a higher court of a lower court’s decision.
An appearance before a court of law for the purpose of pleading to a criminal charge.
A monetary or other form of security given to insure the appearance of the defendant at every stage of the proceedings.
An order for arrest issued by a judge to answer a charge of contempt or failure to appear.
The degree of proof needed for a jury or a judge to legally find a defendant guilty.
A writ from a judge to law enforcement, commanding them to take a defendant into custody.
A program in which the freedom of the offender is restricted within the community to his/her home, work, or a non- institutional residential placement. Specified sanctions are imposed and enforced as part of the program by a community control officer.
A delay or postponement of a court hearing or trial.
The governmental agencies charged with enforcement, prosecution of alleged violators of the criminal laws, the court hearing of charges against the accused, and the punishment and supervision of the convicted.
A person who has been formally charged

########
Rank: 9
Score: 45.49177
Retrieved Text: Prosecution: Prosecutors are lawyers who represent the state or federal government (not the victim) throughout the court process-from the first appearance of the accused in court until the accused is acquitted or sentenced. Prosecutors review the evidence brought to them by law enforcement to decide whether to file charges or drop the case. Prosecutors present evidence in court, question witnesses, and decide (at any point after charges have been filed) whether to negotiate plea bargains with defendants. They have great discretion, or freedom, to make choices about how to prosecute the case. Victims may contact the prosecutor's office to find out which prosecutor is in charge of their case, to inform the prosecutor if the defense attorney has contacted the victim2, and to seek other information about the case.
Defense Attorneys: Defense attorneys defend the accused against the government's case. They are ether hired by the defendant or (for defendants who cannot afford an attorney) they are assigned by the court. While the prosecutor represents the state, the defense attorney represents the defendant.
Corrections: Correction officers supervise convicted offenders when they are in jail, in prison, or in the community on probation or parole. In some communities, corrections officers prepare pre-sentencing reports with extensive background information about the offender to help judges decide sentences. The job of corrections officers is to make sure the facilities that hold offenders are secure and safe. They oversee the day-to-day custody of inmates. They also oversee the release processes for inmates and sometimes notify victims of changes in the offender's status.
Below is

########
Rank: 10
Score: 45.255836
Retrieved Text: "Empire" actor Jussie Smollett pleaded not guilty in a Chicago courtroom Thursday on 16 charges stemming from an alleged hate crime hoax.
Smollett's lawyer Tina Glandian, entered the plea on Smollett’s behalf just hours after Judge Steven Watkins was assigned the high-profile case. The next court date was scheduled for April 17.
Smollett was initially charged with one count of lying to the authorities on Feb. 20. Last week, a grand jury indicted Smollett on 16 felony counts of lying to authorities - eight counts from what he told the officer who responded to the report of the attack and eight from what he later told a detective about being the victim of a brutal racist and homophobic beating by two masked men in downtown Chicago back in January.
Does anyone think Smollett's attorneys can convince a Jury that Smollett didn't do what he's charged with?
Nope and he is taking the wrong tact here.
I read an interview with some hiring guy in Hollywood that said that Smollett may still be hirable if he owns up to what he does, grovels a lot, and asks for forgiveness but doubling down on this will ensure his career is over.
Admit it, do your prison time, and start over, Hollywood is very forgiving and love comeback stories.
Do you think he will ultimately change his plea?
This seems like a open and close case to me.
Open and shut, yeah, but 16 counts? IDK about that.
He lied to more than one Law Enforcement officer and upon more than one occasion.
I expect he will take a plea

########
Rank: 11
Score: 44.990646
Retrieved Text: In re State ex rel. Tharp, 393 S.W.3d 751 (Tex.Crim.App. 2012, reh denied).
This case involves a Defendant who had already reached an agreement with the State. The trial judge, after speaking with the Defendant and ordering a PSI, decided he knew better than the State what the punishment should be and determined upon the Defendant’s plea of guilty to the jury that he would assess punishment. The State sought mandamus and argued that Art. 26. 14 provide that upon a plea of guilty to a jury in a felony case, that the jury will assess punishment. The only way around this is when the State agrees to waive its right to a jury trial which it refused to do in this case. The Court orders the case remanded back to the Trial Court with instruction that all relevant issues, including punishment, be submitted to jury.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 44.95238
Retrieved Text: Death row inmate Jonathan Lawrence has a chance to avoid execution for the murder of a woman in 1998, but he has said he wants to be executed.
Death row inmate Jonathan Lawrence has a chance to avoid execution for the murder of Jennifer Robinson — a victim who he and a co-defendant killed and mutilated in 1998 — but he has said he wants to die.
Lawrence, 43, has been on death row since 2000, when a Santa Rosa County jury convicted him of murder and recommended 11-1 that he should be sentenced to death. Now, a judge will decide whether to uphold the death sentence or instead sentence Lawrence to life in prison.
In 2016, the U.S. Supreme Court ruled death penalty recommendations that are not unanimous are unconstitutional, and since then, numerous death penalty cases have returned to local courts for re-sentencing. In those cases, the defendants' guilty convictions remain but a jury or judge is tasked with deciding whether that person should remain on death row or serve a life sentence.
Lawrence and his co-defendant, Jeremiah Rodgers, 41, killed Robinson in 1998 at the culmination of a two-month crime spree in Santa Rosa County. Another man, Lawrence's cousin Justin Livingston, was killed and a third victim, Leighton Smitherman, was shot, during the spree. Lawrence was sentenced to life in prison for Livingston's murder and 8.5 years for the non-fatal shooting of Smitherman.
Both Rodgers and Lawrence are on death row for Robinson’s murder. The men brutally mutilated the woman's body after death and cut off her calf

########
Rank: 13
Score: 44.95027
Retrieved Text: TALLAHASSEE, Fla. (AP) — One of three teenagers who fatally beat one homeless man and severely injured two others in a booze- and pot-fueled rampage will get a new trial because a judge erred in his jury instructions before the teen was convicted of murder, the Florida Supreme Court ruled Thursday.
Thomas Daugherty was 17 when he and two friends spent a night in January 2006 attacking homeless men in Fort Lauderdale with a baseball bat, a golf club and a rake. A Florida Atlantic University surveillance camera captured one of the attacks and its national broadcast provoked widespread outrage.
Norris Gaynor was sleeping on a bench when the teens found him and used the bat and rake to shatter his skull and face, crack his ribs and cause internal injuries. An autopsy showed that his skull was crushed and broken pieces of bone cut into his brain, according to court documents.
Daugherty was convicted of second-degree murder and sentenced to life in prison in 2008. That sentence was reduced to 40 years in 2012 because he was a juvenile when he committed the crime. Now he'll get a new trial because the Supreme Court ruled 4-2 that the judge improperly instructed the jury on the possibility of finding Daugherty guilty of a lesser charge of manslaughter.
Daugherty didn't deny his involvement in the crime but said he never meant to kill the 45-year-old Gaynor.
"I wasted a human life. I treated him as less than a human and I'm sorry," Daugherty said through tears at his sentencing hearing.
Daugherty's co-defendant, Brian

########
Rank: 14
Score: 44.786087
Retrieved Text: Jury service is the most important civilian obligation you can do. The protection of liberty and people’s rights is done through the mutual work of jury and a judge.
Every single court selects citizens, using random selection method, from the list that contains people with proper and valid driving licenses, who are residents of the district of that court. These people must finish a “survey” in order to determine if they are good for being the part of jury. The selection process ensures that jurors represent a part of community, without thinking of race, age or political opinion.
What is Federal Jury Service?
All US citizens who are 18 or older, can qualify for serving in federal courts as part of jury. The Jury Selection and Service Act is responsible for selecting jurors and the selecting is based on qualifications that person must meet.
A trial jury that is also called petit jury, brings the decision about the defendant; he decides if he/she has committed a crime as it was charged in the case of crime. There is also an option that the person charged of a crime has injured the plaintiff in the case of civil.
It includes six to twelve persons.
Also, the trials are usually public.
Jury deliberations are private ones.
Next, the defendants may appear, testify as well as call the witnesses to help them.
Finally, verdict can be on the defendant behalf in the case of civil, or the opposite: guilty or not guilty in the case of a crime.
The U.S. attorney, who is a prosecutor in criminal cases that

########
Rank: 15
Score: 44.726128
Retrieved Text: Arraignment: This is a hearing in which the Court reads the criminal charges to the defendant, sets bond and schedules the next hearing date.
Bench trial: In a bench trial, the Judge decides whether the defendant is guilty based upon the testimony and other evidence provided to the judge at trial. This proceeding is also sometimes called a trial by Judge.
Bindover: This term is used to describe the transfer of a felony case or a high court misdemeanor to Circuit Court after the holding of a preliminary examination or the waiver of preliminary examination.
Cobbs Hearing: A Cobbs Hearing is requested by defense counsel or the defendant. In a Cobbs Hearing the Judge, after being informed of all the facts in the case, may choose to tell a defendant what his or her sentence will likely be if the defendant enters a plea to the charge. The Judge has complete discretion on whether or not to conduct a Cobbs Hearing. If a Judge decides not to follow the Cobbs at sentence a defendant has a right to withdraw his or her plea and the case is set again for trial.
Conviction: a conviction is achieved if the defendant pleads guilty to a crime, is found guilty by a judge at a bench trial, or is found guilty unanimously by a jury.
Misdemeanor Complaint: This document is used to tell the District Court and the defendant what criminal charges are being brought against the defendant in misdemeanor cases (cases punishable by one year or less in the county jail). It is

########
Rank: 16
Score: 44.523796
Retrieved Text: WHAT HAPPENS DURING A CRIMINAL CASE can be confusing. The following summary explains how a criminal case in our adult courts generally progresses through Michigan’s criminal justice system. Specific procedures may vary from county to county.
When a crime is committed in Emmet County, a citizen can make a complaint by calling “911″, which acts as our Central Dispatch for all police calls. An officer then will be dispatched to handle the case. Sometimes the police see the crime occur and can take immediate action without a citizen’s complaint.
All crimes must be investigated by a police agency. The prosecutor’s office does not accept complaints from the public as we have no legal authority to investigate the crime. If you come to the prosecutor’s office wishing to file a complaint, we will ask that you contact a police agency for an investigation.
The investigation by police may include: interviews of witnesses, victims and suspects; visiting, viewing, measuring and photographing the crime scene; collecting physical evidence such as clothing, fingerprints, or blood samples which may have to be sent to a crime laboratory for analysis; identifying suspects through crime scene analysis, witness statements and lineups. This may take days, weeks and even months! Because a thorough investigation is necessary to a successful prosecution, the police may not be able to arrest the suspect immediately.
Sometimes, but not often, the investigation by the police may lead to the need for a grand jury to review the evidence. However, this procedure is not often used in Michigan anymore.
When a crime is committed in

########
Rank: 17
Score: 44.30633
Retrieved Text: In this stage, you are either arrested or issued a summons to appear in court because there is probable cause that you committed a crime.
In this state, you have your first appearance before a judge or magistrate. At that time, if you have been arrested and this is an in-custody proceeding, you will be read your constitutional rights and bail will be set in your case. If you have been summoned in on a summons, the judge will simply ask you how you wish to proceed. If you are charged with a misdemeanor, most likely your case will be set for a pre-trial conference with you (or your attorney) and the district attorney. If you have been or will be charged with a felony, the district attorney will file charges against you and the judge will read the charges you are facing. If no charges are yet filed, the judge will set another court date for the filing of charges.
If you are charged with a felony, this optional hearing is to determine if there is the probability that the district attorney can prove the elements of the crime you are charged with. If he cannot, the case against you is dismissed. If he can, then the case is "bound over" and you must enter a plea at the arraignment.
At this court appearance, you must tell the judge if you want a trial or not. If you plead not guilty, not guilty because of insanity or say nothing, the judge will set your case for trial. If

########
Rank: 18
Score: 44.22475
Retrieved Text: Under what circumstances can the insanity defense be used in a criminal case in Los Angeles?
The insanity defense can be used when somebody commits a crime who is not operating in their right mind. In other words, the person is unable to realize what they were doing and the consequences of their actions. This usually occurs when somebody either has a mental illness or is temporarily impairment and unable to understand the gravity or consequences of their actions.
In my experience, having successfully used the insanity defense, I typically see the defendant operating under the mistaken belief that they are somehow defending themselves from some sort of evil threat. The basis for this delusional belief can take many forms. However, the best way to get to the bottom of what is going on is to hire an expert to evaluate the subject person and determine what is causing their delusional behavior. Both the prosecution and defense are entitled to their own expert to determine whether the defendant’s conduct is criminal or not. If after the experts have weighed in, it is still unclear to the judge, then he or she can appoint their own expert to break the tie.
Even if a person is found not guilty by reason of insanity that does not completely free them from the crime. They will then be sent to a mental institution to be evaluated and held until they are able to go back into society. Obviously, the government will not allow this person back out into the community until they

########
Rank: 19
Score: 43.91072
Retrieved Text: Originally Published: January 26, 2017 6 a.m.
“I’m going home!” Richard Quiroz said Wednesday afternoon, Jan. 25, while sharing tears of joy with members of his family shortly after being found not guilty of murdering a Prescott Valley teenager.
On April 16, 2014, 17-year-old Gabriel Calderon was gunned down in his mother’s driveway by a drive-by shooter using a 12-gauge shotgun.
After an investigation, Quiroz became the prime suspect. He was eventually arrested and charged with first-degree murder, tampering with a witness, aggravated assault, unlawful flight and criminal damage.
Over the course of two and a half years, those charges were whittled down to just one (and the most severe): first-degree murder. If found guilty of such a charge, Quiroz would have faced 25 years to life in prison.
Instead, Quiroz has now been determined not guilty by a jury and released from custody. The verdict was announced just a few hours after the defense and prosecution gave their closing statements.
Representing the State of Arizona, Yavapai County attorney Steve Young closed by going over the key aspects of the case that supported his argument.
Namely, he said Quiroz had no alibi for the time of the murder; he owned a 12-gauge shotgun around that time (the type used to kill Calderon); that shotgun mysteriously disappeared the night of the murder, according to testimony from his girlfriend; Quiroz fled the state with his brother the morning after the murder without explaining to his girlfriend why he was leaving; and he repeatedly told his girlfriend in recorded telephonic conversations to lie to the police

########
Rank: 20
Score: 43.774933
Retrieved Text: A Blaine County jury found a 27-year-old Hailey man guilty Thursday of aiding and abetting delivery of methamphetamine in a drug sale more than two years ago to a police confidential informant.
Sentencing for Robert Javier Garcia Jr. was scheduled for Oct. 29 in 5th District Court. The crime is punishable by up to life in prison.
Garcia, who had been free on $15,000 bond, was taken into custody at the conclusion of the trial with a new bond set at $40,000.
The trial was started Tuesday and the jury began deliberations at about 3 p.m. Wednesday. After meeting for three hours that day, the jury reconvened at 9 a.m. Thursday and delivered its guilty verdict at 10:35 a.m.
Garcia was one of nine people indicted by a Blaine County jury in June 2011 on various felony drug charges. Six other people named in the indictments have earlier been sentenced to prison terms and two suspects remain at large.
Garcia himself remained at large until apprehended by U.S. marshals, acting on a Blaine County warrant, in March near Santa Fe, N.M.
He was convicted of participating in a methamphetamine sale to a police confidential informant in Blaine County on Aug. 25, 2010. In a case investigated by the Blaine County Narcotics Enforcement Team, the jury determined that Garcia assisted in a drug sale with two other men, Jose Manuel Hurtado-Delatorre, 28, and Ricardo Vargas-Hurtado, 22.
After pleading guilty to a single count of delivery of methamphetamine, Hurtado-Delatorre was sentenced in March to four and a half years in prison. Vargas-Hurtado, who pleaded guilty

########
Rank: 21
Score: 43.72786
Retrieved Text: When a U.S. citizen has been convicted of a crime she did not commit, there are several ways to attack the conviction and try to get it overturned or thrown out. Many of the steps are time-sensitive, so it's important for the accused to act quickly and consult with a lawyer who has experience appealing verdicts.
Immediately after a conviction, the person found guilty of the crime can ask the judge for a new trial if there were problems during the first trial that made it unfair. For instance, he might be entitled to a new trial if he learns that a juror engaged in misconduct such as talking to the media about the case during the trial. A new trial could also be granted if there was misconduct by the prosecutor or if the judge didn't properly instruct the jury about the law. In federal cases, such a motion must be filed within 14 days of the conviction. Each state sets its own deadlines, which may be shorter or longer than the federal standard.
Can a Judge Reverse His Decision in a Criminal Case?
A person can also ask for a new criminal trial if he learns of important new evidence that he could not have known about at the time the first trial began. For instance, if a witness comes forward and says she saw the crime being committed by someone else, the accused may be able to have a new trial. Under federal law, a motion for a new trial based on newly discovered evidence can

########
Rank: 22
Score: 43.407127
Retrieved Text: In Texas, a charge for a felony indictment comes from the grand jury. If the grand jury determines there is sufficient evidence to charge the defendant, an indictment is issued. If the grand jury determines there are inadequate grounds for prosecution, a "no bill" is issued. A "no bill" means there is insufficient evidence to prosecute someone. When a no bill is issued, the defendant is released from custody. If the grand jury determines there is sufficient evidence to prosecute, then a "true bill" is issued, and the defendant remains in custody or on bond pending trial.
After the indictment has been issued, the defendant will be arraigned, meaning they will be brought before the trial judge and they must enter a plea. While a guilty plea is an admission that the defendant committed the crime, it is often done after the prosecutor and the defense attorney has negotiated a plea agreement. In such case the defendant has agreed to plead guilty and the district attorney has agreed to a lesser punishment than what would be expected after a trial and conviction. This process is referred to as plea bargaining.
A not guilty plea contests the charges and challenges the state to prove beyond a reasonable doubt that the defendant did commit the crime. This results in a trial. A plea of nolo contendere is a plea of no-contest. Under the law, this plea has the same effect as a guilty plea.
Before the trial, pre-trial hearings will take place. These entail questions such as the sufficiency of the

########
Rank: 23
Score: 43.204735
Retrieved Text: (CNS): A second attempt to begin the retrial of William Martinez-McLaughlin for the murder of Brian Rankine-Carter failed Monday morning despite the selection of a new jury. Following legal complications, the judge ordered an adjournment until Wednesday when the ten women and two men are expected to hear evidence from the crown against the accused man, who has now been in custody for almost three years. Martinez-McLaughlin, whose conviction for Rankine’s murder was overturned last August, has remained in prison since he was first arrested for the crime in May 2008. He was convicted by a jury in July 2009 but a year later the guilty verdict was overturned by the Court of Appeal, owing to a misdirection by the trial judge.
Efforts by the prosecution to re-try the defendant failed in January this year when closed door legal arguments exhausted the allotted trial timetable. Further legal issues again halted proceedings this morning before Justice Charles Quin sent the newly selected jury away until 6 April. It took around 40 minutes and several challenges before twelve members of the public who were not connected in some way to the defendant, the trial witnesses, or the lawyers involved in the case were sworn.
During the original trial the crown had relied upon a combination of forensic evidence, expert witnesses and a key witness, who was later convicted as an accessory to the murder.
Jason Hinds, who testified that he was with McLaughlin-Martinez on the night of the killing and saw him attack the twenty-year-old Rankine-Carter, is a Jamaican national who

########
Rank: 24
Score: 43.170643
Retrieved Text: While the possible sentence for a crime is often provided in a statute, there are usually a variety of factors that will effect how a criminal defendant will be sentenced after conviction. Here are answers to the most commonly asked questions about sentencing law.
In terms of sentencing law, who determines what kind of punishment a convicted defendant will receive?
Contrary to what many in the public think, it's judges, not juries, that almost always determine sentencing for a convicted criminal defendant. It's pretty common for the judge to tell the jury not to consider punishment when determining whether a criminal defendant is guilty or not guilty. Indeed, many times a mistrial is declared when it can be shown that the jury considered punishment when determining guilt.
However, there are some occasions when a jury will decide a convicted criminal's punishment. For example, in capital punishment cases (death penalty cases) in some states, judges are not permitted to impose the death penalty and it's up to a jury to decide whether a convicted criminal should be sentenced to die.
Is there any place that I can look to find out the proscribed punishment for various crimes?
There are some situations in which the criminal statute prescribes the punishment. As an example, a state may have a law on the books that defines a specific misdemeanor and goes on to say that the punishment for the misdemeanor shall be "a fine of $1,000, or imprisonment for not more than six months, or both."
There are other laws that define certain activities as a

########
Rank: 25
Score: 42.829426
Retrieved Text: Washoe County District Attorney Chris Hicks announced a conviction in a domestic battery case involving strangulation. The conviction marks the second time this month that a jury has found a defendant guilty of committing this type of crime, which carries a mandatory possible sentence of up to 5 years in prison. In addition to the strangulation charge, the defendant was also found guilty of two other related charges and faces up to 10 years in prison.
Samuel Edward Meyer, 50, from Reno was found guilty on one count of Domestic Battery by Strangulation, one count of Battery Causing Substantial Bodily Harm and one count of False Imprisonment. The trial began Monday, August 15, 2016 in Department 10 of District Court and concluded last Wednesday evening with the jury deliberating for 3 hours before reaching their verdict.
The case against Meyer began November 13, 2015 when the Reno Police department responded to a domestic battery. When officers arrived, they met with the victim who had numerous injuries including bruising and a swollen black eye. The victim was transported to the hospital where she was treated for broken ribs and a closed head injury. Officers determined that the victim and Meyer had ended a dating relationship prior to the defendant showing up at the victim’s home intoxicated the previous evening. While at the home, the two argued and Meyer began beating the victim and threatening to kill her. Meyer, who is over 6 feet tall, strangled the 5 foot 3 victim unconscious twice during the incident. The victim woke the

########
Rank: 26
Score: 42.284946
Retrieved Text: Present: CHAPMAN, C. J., GRAY, JR., WELLS, AMES, & MORTON, JJ.
At the trial of a criminal case where the only question is as to the identity of the prisoner with the guilty party, the jury may be justified in returning a verdict of guilty, although no witness will swear positively to the identity.
At a criminal trial, the counsel for the Commonwealth stated in his closing argument to the jury, that the defendant had been previously convicted of the same offence. No evidence had been offered to support the statement; and the judge instructed the jury that it was not competent for their consideration. Held, that the defendant had no ground of exception.
INDICTMENT for larceny of a horse and wagon. At the trial in the superior court, before Pitman, J., the only question was one of identity, whether the prisoner was the person who stole the horse and wagon. The witnesses called by the Commonwealth testified that they saw a man driving off the stolen wagon on the day the theft took place; that they did not notice that the man had an "imperial"; and that a few days afterwards they separately and without any suggestion picked out the prisoner from among others in the station-house, as the man they thought they saw on the wagon; but that they were not positive, as the prisoner had then an "imperial" and different clothes; and that they would not swear that the prisoner was the man they saw on the wagon; but that he resembled him. At the close

########
Rank: 27
Score: 42.049576
Retrieved Text: Bellefonte, PA- not subject to Judge John Cleland’s order, which is likely a violation of our First Ammendment Rights Under the US Constitution, www.blinkoncrime.com has confirmed the jury has reached unanimous verdicts in this case, which are being read in open court, and so far, they are guilty.
check back to www.blinkoncrime.com for updated verdict information.
Bellefonte, PA- In a sua sponte order dated today, Judge Cleland dismissed two counts with prejudice after waiting for both the prosecution and defense counsel to bring it up on their own. The issue was relative to victim #4 not testifying that an actual penetration occurred and therefore would not be supported by the victims testimony.
Sandusky is now facing 48 counts instead of the 52 he started with.
Judge Cleland would have been required, had the jury found Sandusky guilty on those counts to set aside that particular verdict and made the decision the jury should not have to deliberate on the two counts knowing that regardless, he would be required to vacate them.
Sources inside the courtroom have confirmed the jury has received the deliberation instructions and is now deliberating the charges against Gerald Arthur Sandusky.
In what could be considered a stunning development, Matthew Sandusky, the last child adopted by Jerry and Dottie Sandusky, was set to be called as a witness for the prosecution if Jerry Sandusky were to take the stand in his own defense. Matthew Sandusky, recently married and expecting his third child, contacted prosecutors once testimony began in the trial, although it has not been released what the content

########
Rank: 28
Score: 42.003296
Retrieved Text: A January jury trial has been postponed until midsummer for a 38-year-old Vallejo man suspected of a February 2017 stabbing death in Vallejo and other serious felonies.
Robert John Welton on Monday appeared in Judge Daniel Healy’s Vallejo courtroom, where he was originally scheduled for a jury trial. Instead, he and his defense attorney, David Nelson, appeared for further proceedings and a readiness conference. The judge ordered Welton to return at 8:30 a.m. Aug. 5 for the jury trial on the charges but, in the interim, scheduled another readiness conference and an order to show cause at 8:30 a.m. March 21.
Welton has pleaded not guilty to the murder allegation and court records indicate that he also faces an additional murder charge and three attempted murder charges, three counts of assault with a firearm and discharging a firearm from a motor vehicle. It was not clear from the records if the additional charges are related to the stabbing death or to some other crime or crimes. Deputy District Attorney Bill Ainsworth leads the prosecution.
Welton is accused of stabbing and killing Michael Knight, 44, the morning of Feb. 25, 2017.
That day, police received reports of a possible stabbing near the 1000 block of Western Avenue. When they arrived on scene, the suspect and victim appeared to have left, though police could see evidence that a crime had occurred.
Knight later arrived at a nearby hospital in a private vehicle, not by ambulance, and was stabilized by medical personnel. He was then transported to another hospital, where he died.
Welton was arrested

########
Rank: 29
Score: 41.878445
Retrieved Text: Being charged with a crime is one of the worst experiences in life. What makes matters worse is navigating through the criminal justice system without a clue regarding what happens next. The criminal justice system is complicated and it includes numerous procedures along the way.
After an arrest, the police communicate with the prosecutor’s office to discuss their perception of the facts surrounding the case. The prosecutor determines whether to charge the individual with a crime based upon the evidence provided by the police.
Next, the arrested person is arraigned in district court. At this time, the judge notifies the defendant of the charges and informs them of their constitutional rights. If the matter meets felony criteria, a probable cause conference is set. During the arraignment, the judge notifies the defendant of their bond and tells the defendant other conditions that must be met, such as no contact with the accuser.
A pretrial conference (or probable cause conference) commences after arraignment and at this time, an attorney from the prosecutor’s office meets with the defendant, or their criminal defense attorney, to discuss whether the case will go to trial (for misdemeanor cases) or preliminary examination (for felony cases) and if a plea bargain is an option.
For felony cases if the preliminary examination is waived or if probable cause is found at the preliminary examination, the defendant is then arraigned again in circuit court. Again, the judge notifies the defendant of the charges and makes them aware of their rights. The defendant can state whether they intend to plead guilty,

================



======= Instance Index 361 =========
Input Text: Danny loved having food, but food doesn't love him.  If he eats what he likes he often develops what?
Choose the most suitable option to answer the above question.
Options:
- gas
- not hungry
- digesting
- weight gain
- cataracts

Target Text: gas

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 53.73322
Retrieved Text: He has had his 2nd vacc 3rd vacc coming 25th of this month... his poop is sometimes solid and sometimes really watery like moosch.
I dont know what to do, I know taking him to the vet would be the right thing but I do have a current cash flow problem, hence why I am seeking answers here.
So many factors here. How much does he actually eat per day? Also the vaccines can cause diarrhea an appetite loss. Could he be being picky on what his food is and will eat other food like snacks or treats?
I put rice with his food...he will take a few bites and then leave it... but if I had feed him he eats it... according to my mom he cries heavily once I leave to work...might depression and stress be a factor here?
It might be the dog food he just does not like...that could also be right?
It sounds very much to me that he is being picky about what he eats. You should be the one who determines what he eats and not visa versa. As long as you are giving him a healthy food without fillers and it meets requirements he should be fine. If he will eat chicken and treats then there is nothing wrong with his digestive track.
At his age he should be eating 2-3 cups of a nutritional meal a day. Try putting a cup of food in his bowl in the morning. Give him 10-15 minutes to eat it. If he doesn't eat it pick the

########
Rank: 1
Score: 51.37434
Retrieved Text: 10. He learns by repetition. He needs a visual schedule to reinforce "what's next". This helps ease his anxiety.
9. He is very visually oriented. He may have some impairment but he remembers faces and places very well! He can tell me exactly how to get home and tells me if I need to make a right or left and is very accurate.
8. He is motivated to help! Give him a task. Watch him try very hard to please you. He loves it!
6. He loves food! He eats most anything. And he eats often! So what if he wants food often. He burns it off quickly and he generally enjoys healthy foods.
5. While I try to limit his t.v. time, he is most motivated by the shows he loves. His favorite is Dragons: Riders of Berk. While he watches some "big boy shows", he still enjoys the toddler age shows. I see nothing wrong with a combination of the two. It's a great way for him to relax in the morning and evening. The tv is rarely on during the middle of the day.
4. His interactions with his brother seem like rough play but they both play rough and laugh the whole time.
3. I pick my battles with correcting him. Don't assume that he's doing something bad. Often I encourage him to do things on his own. Imagine the limitations he had all day and what it would feel like if you had the opportunity to do something for yourself. You would also jump at the chance!
2.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 49.696438
Retrieved Text: How do you know when you just have a picky eater on your hands, or if you need to intervene to see what the problem is? My son has been a difficult eater since we started him on solids. He had severe reflux and food allergies as an infant and when we started solids there were certain things he would love and others he would hate (like peaches). Then when we moved to table food the only things he would eat were nuggets and fries.
Now he's almost two and his diet only consists of cereal, french toast (can't be homemade though),nuggets (only if from Mcdonalds), fries, pb&j, and yogurt. He will not try anything else. If I try to get him to taste something else he screams and has a full blown tantrum.
This has been going on for months now and he doesn't gain any weight, yet he isn't underweight b/c he eats snack food. He is 25 lbs at 23 months old. He was evaluated last week for EI and he got in for speech delays, but they told me that it is normal for him to be a picky eater at this age.
For some reason I feel like it is more than him just being a picky eater. It's almost as if he doesn't know that he's hungry. He'll often go to bed without dinner and won't wake up in the middle of the night hungry. It just seems that even if he was a picky eater, he'd at least ask for food (he

########
Rank: 3
Score: 49.533455
Retrieved Text: Okay, be honest, is your newborn cute?!
This baby will not eat!
My DD (dear daughter) was an amazing eater as a young toddler - ate almost anything I put in front of her with gusto. This guy is pretty much the exact opposite. He has a gross motor delay so he was evaluated to see if his eating issues were a motor or coordination problem but nope, he can eat just fine, he just doesn't want to! I'm honestly at a loss. I cannot tell you how much food end ups on the floor at our house.
Right now he eats a few baby snacks like mum mums, 3 types of fruit and one vegetable , and you have to cook and cut the vegetable properly or he will throw it on the floor. He will eat some bread sometimes. He will happily eat baby food pouches.
He gets VERY upset if you try and make him eat something new. We offer him what we eat daily, he pokes it with his index finger and that poke determination of he will try it. If it fails the poke test it goes on the floor without him trying it.
Does anyone have any suggestions? Had a similar experience? He's not going to be 18 and eating pouches, right?
Does he like Mac n cheese?
I mix a thing of purée veggies to her Mac n cheese so I can make sure she gets them in.
Same with pancakes, I’ll mix a mix of fruits/veggies into pancake mix and make those for her.
No pasta, rice,

########
Rank: 4
Score: 48.176247
Retrieved Text: Help with eating and cleaning • Bearded Dragon . org .
I was just wanting some advice on my 3 to 4 month old beardie Jax.
Since getting him his eating habits have been a over the place. Some days he will eat size 3 44 brown crickets other days only 5 in a day.
He is healthy and his weight is 35g from the 17g he was when we got him 3 weeks ago.
He will eat the crickets if I drop them Infront of him but will always eat loads of salad everyday which I know is good for him and some babies won't even look at it but he seems to prefer the salad. How do I get him to eat?
He eats in a separate container as the crickets are to small to keep searching for in his Viv and he won't hunt he waits for them to come to him so I've always fed him separate to his cage.
He is hungry as he tells me when by jumping Down and glass surfing before licking the glass whilst staring at me. If he had his way he would live off wax worms as there's been days he won't eat but I drop one or two in and he devours them but I don't want him on them all the time he gets a couple once a week sometimes it's over a week.
So I just wondered what I could do to get him eating more crickets and less salad, I've even kept the salad out and only put

########
Rank: 5
Score: 48.02706
Retrieved Text: Food, glorious food. I love food. I love cooking and I love cooking for my family and friends and providing for them and caring for them by feeding them. This is so simple and so basic and makes me so very simply, happy. I love when they are happy with the food I prepare for them and feel such a connection.
This school year I decided to make breakfast for my family every day. I have a new menu for each day of the week and the kids are starting to look forward to what’s coming. Today was pancake day and there was a sense of anticipation that I loved.
I had fun being creative, making their pancakes with designs.
I loved seeing them smile and enjoy this simple touch. I just put the pancake batter into a squeeze bottle and cut the top so the hole was a little bigger to help the batter pass through without major clumping.
I need to play and create more often. This was definitely a highlight of my day.
I also loved when Charlie came home from school and thanked me again for making him his favorite pancakes. I loved that he appreciated me and the effort I put into making our mornings meaningful.
I make Juliana a hot lunch every day, as she eats a gluten free diet. Sometimes it is challenging to think about what to make and fill her thermos. Today I put in leftover truffled fried potatoes with brisket and bbq sauce. She texted me during her lunch break to tell

########
Rank: 6
Score: 47.52063
Retrieved Text: Ben is growing up way too fast. I think the kid is ready for college sometimes.
This morning, I prepared a healthy breakfast for Ben. I made him some scrambled eggs with a touch of cheese. I also offered him cheerios, and some peaches. These are all foods he enjoys. All tasty and good for you. Ben wasn’t super into it. He has been a little picky about food lately. I think his canine teeth are coming in, and I know those are supposed to really hurt. So it makes sense that he might be picky about what he eats. Oh, and he is a toddler, so who the heck knows why he does anything these days. 😉 Most of the time, we offer what we are serving for that meal, and Ben can eat it or not. I still think he is too young to connect not eating with being hungry until the next meal, so I try to always offer something he currently likes. Often this is fruit or cheerios if we get desperate. I was a little surprised when the peaches and cheerios weren’t doing anything for him this morning. But what can you do? I really do believe as parents all we can do is offer healthy food and let the child decide how much he eats.
Ben was pretty much refusing breakfast, and I was just about ready to call it a meal. Pat was still asleep, but I was ready for some breakfast myself. We had leftover pizza from last night so

########
Rank: 7
Score: 47.185448
Retrieved Text: An Illinois animal rescue group is hoping to find a home for one cool, chubby cat.
Bruno is a 7-year-old grey polydactyl who is big, both in size and personality, according to a Facebook post Wednesday by Wright Way Rescue. He weighs 25 pounds, but is on a diet.
Bruno is very chatty, according to his rescuers. The rescue group says Bruno has some quirks. He likes to be petted while he eats. He also has an unusual way of standing, on his hind legs, when he wants food. The rescue says it did not train him to do this.
Bruno is a laid-back cat for the most part, the rescue said, but there's one thing he doesn't like: having his big belly touched.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 47.12435
Retrieved Text: This entry was posted in What Jack Eats and tagged easy lunch boxes, lunch box ideas for kids, lunchbox love, Mama Bird Nest, Mama Bird's Nest.
This entry was posted in What Jack Eats and tagged lunch box ideas for kids, lunchbox love, Mama Bird Nest, Mama Bird's Nest.
Day 1: No Gluten No Dairy!
We started today off right! I must say that it takes a little, no a lot, of extra thought to cook and eat gluten free. I am super relieved to be able to use chicken broth and canned tomatoes. I use these in oodles of recipes. Here is what we ate today!
Day 1 wasn’t bad at all, like I said just had to THINK a lot more than I am used to. I was excited to find more things that are gluten free!
This entry was posted in What Jack Eats and tagged 21 days, dairy free, gluten free, Mama Bird Nest, Mama Bird's Nest.
This is just a wonderful idea from Ohdeedoo that I am going to do!! My “do it myself” kinda kid loves “fixing” his own food and is always asking for a snack. This will help him feel independent and save me tons if time! Double score!!
This entry was posted in What Jack Eats and tagged Jack, lunchbox love, Mama Bird's Nest.
URS is doing a great recipe swap this week called “LUNCH BOX LOVE”. Jack is 2 1/2 and he goes to pre-school and I try everyday to pack his lunch with love.
Then I add either egg salad, pb&j, pimento cheese or

########
Rank: 9
Score: 47.109386
Retrieved Text: My daughter received this book as a gift when she was a baby, and we still enjoy reading it now she is 4. It is a fun book as we can talk about all the food, joke about how the caterpillar is feeling at each point in the story, pretend our fingers are the caterpillar and also learn about growth and metamorphosis.
The pictures are a delight. Of course.
What can I say?? My one year old loves it as does my five year old, as do I. There a reason why this is a classic children's book!
my mum used to read this to me when was little and i really enjoyed it. and now i read it to my little brother Zayd.
The first book I remember reading and one I still own many years later. Every child loves the tale of the Hungry Catterpillar as he munches his way through the book. I love that this book has been a firm favourite for many generations to share and just shows that a book with an interactive element will always be popular.
Absolutely love this book! It's a classic for a reason! It is such fun to read with your children and one you can read over and over and over again without getting bored. My girls enjoy it so much.
I absolutely love reading this book to my children (2 and 9 months). The story is a very easy read. My 2-year-old loves poking his finger through the holes which the caterpillar has made by eating the piece of

########
Rank: 10
Score: 46.9727
Retrieved Text: My son is often given oatmeal for breakfast during the colder months. My wife will sometimes buy the variety instant packs for a quick make and eat and go.
Well apparently my son does not like cinnamon. He’s always been particular about foods. He’s double-digits now but when he was younger, he wouldn’t eat chocolate, popcorn, and more. He won’t eat cake that doesn’t have vanilla icing/frosting; and then still he eats the frosting not the cake/sponge part, but will tell you that the cake was delicious. lol.
As you can see in the pic, there are three flavors in the variety pack. The only one he doesn’t eat is the apple and cinnamon. Did I mention that he loves fruit. He will request a snack and when offered “junk” food, will say no he wants fruit. At 2 yrs he wouldn’t put down his apple to take photos.
So I know, you’re probably thinking you know what he doesn’t like from that flavored oatmeal pack. Ha-ha.
Well let me share this. My son has moments when he wants cereal. Not with milk. We’ll get the individual portion so he can enjoy it as a snack. His fav is the Cinnamon toast crunch. Yep.
He also eats cinnamon french toast sticks. Loves those.
So what’s the big deal.
He does’t like CINNAMON. He doesn’t like apple either anymore – so He says. So he won’t eat that flavored packet because there’s cinnamon and apple. Guess what he will eat?
He still likes getting McD’s Happy Meals and for the “side” he gets the…, you

########
Rank: 11
Score: 46.267467
Retrieved Text: Beef broth, beef, wheat gluten, liver, meat by-products, corn starch-modified, peas, carrots, rice, barley, salt, soy flour, MINERALS [potassium chloride, zinc sulfate, ferrous sulfate, copper sulfate, manganese sulfate, potassium iodide, sodium selenite], tricalcium phosphate, VITAMINS [Vitamin E supplement, niacin (Vitamin B-3), thiamine mononitrate (Vitamin B-1), calcium pantothenate (Vitamin B-5), pyridoxine hydrochloride (Vitamin B-6), Vitamin B-12 supplement, riboflavin supplement (Vitamin B-2), Vitamin A supplement, folic acid (Vitamin B-9), Vitamin D-3, biotin (Vitamin B-7)], choline chloride.
Beneful Prepared Meals Beef Stew is formulated to meet the nutritional levels established by the AAFCO Dog Food Nutrient Profiles for maintenance of adult dogs.
Cassi, my Toy Poodle, would just take little pieces of her kibble and walk away and eat a couple pieces at a time. Now....she stands at her dish and doesn't leave until all is gone! If she drops a little on the floor...she promptly cleans it up! She has tried 7 different dinners so far and likes them all!
I bought this yesterday to try to get my dog something without all the by-products you find in wet dog food. She really enjoyed it.
My pug Bella was a very finicky eater when she was a puppy and the Only dog food she would eat without fail is Beneful.
My little Tippy absolutely loves all of these varieties and Beneful. Unfortunately I'm unable to afford to buy the wet food for him on a regular basis. So I buy it as a treat for holidays like Thanksgiving, Christmas, Easter, birthdays, ect. That way he gets the best of both. He eats the

########
Rank: 12
Score: 46.10224
Retrieved Text: He comes from Sweden, a country of meatballs and pickled herring; she was born in Nepal, the land of some of the world’s spiciest chillies. He’s a night owl, who prefers to skip breakfast and sleep in; she likes to rise early and shine, and breakfast is her favourite meal. Worlds apart? Not since they’ve met in Hawaii 20 years ago, became a couple 5 year later and run a successful restaurant together for the last 10. Meet Martin and Jade of Phuket’s Taste Bar & Grill.
As their restaurant marks its first decade in Phuket, we decided not only get to know them better but also to find out how well they know each other. That’s why, instead of one, we present to you two separate interviews – one with Jade about Martin, the other with Martin about Jade.
RL Phuket: If Martin was a spice, a flavour, or any other food produce, what would it be?
He could also be garlic. It’s in many dishes and it can turn bitter but food without it is bland. Oh, and he will say that I’m a chilly.
JL: Eggs. He just doesn’t like them. He might have them scrambled but he will never have a boiled egg.
Even for breakfast? Who cooks breakfast at home?
JL: He is a chef but I cook breakfast. I sometimes serve it in bed, at around 10am, as he gets up late because of the job. He is a bit of a night owl while I have always been an early riser. And my favourite meal

########
Rank: 13
Score: 46.02394
Retrieved Text: Fussy eater getting worse - help!
Admin please feel free to move this post as I was unsure whether to post here or in schoolers.
Sorry, yet again for being quiet, life has quite literally taken over since moving . The reason for the post this time is that I desperately need some help with DD. She is 4yrs old now. Born in July so technically 4.5 now (where did my baby go?? ).
Her fussy eating has gotten from bad to worse. Usually it has gone in phases and we’ve gotten through it, but I fear now we’re at breaking point. When I was pregnant with DS and during the upheaval of living with my parents for a bit I went with the easy option of only doing dinners she’d eat. For th last year, I’ve tried to introduce new foods with mixed reactions. Now, I’m ashamed to say it’s now resulted in her eating barely anything with me screaming at her that I’m worried about her health, sitting on her naughty step away from the family dinner time, no tv, toys consificated, no new dance class that she wanted to start this year etc etc.
I’ve tried everything. We went through a lovely period a few months ago where she was rewarded a star for her chart and after every 4 meals, she received a reading book (she adores reading), complete the sheet, of 4 sets of 4, she got a spot the difference book. That worked well for a bit, but again I got into the habit

########
Rank: 14
Score: 45.901787
Retrieved Text: Summerhill Kitten Farm: Picky, picky, picky!
Whitey doesn't want to eat his most recent IAMS wet food either, that is, what we were feeding him last week before switching to prescription food.
However, he did lower himself to eat most of a different (yummier?) flavor of IAMS wet food serverd to him this morning. He skipped the IAMS dry food in the same bowl (our standard presentation), but we still have progress.
Billy, by the way, will eat anything Whitey doesn't -- this week's menu, last week's menu, next week's menu, it doesn't matter. We've taken to providing Whitey's meals in at least semi-privacy so Billy doesn't get double portions.
"Billy, by the way, will eat anything Whitey doesn't -- this week's menu, last week's menu, next week's menu, it doesn't matter."
LOL. That sounds like Katee and Rhianna, the Kitten. Since Ephiny died, Katee's been very choosy about what she'll eat, if she deigns to eat at all. Rhianna, however, will polish off anything Katee leaves. Then, of course, Rhianna is on a dry-food-and-cooked-chicken diet because she gets the runs when she eats regular wet food, so... whee. The fun never stops.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 45.61647
Retrieved Text: *He's my brother and I love him. He's my brother and I love him....* That's what I repeat to myself, over and over, as I wait with Danny for the bus to come to take him to his 'school'.
That's what I repeat to myself, over and over, as I wait with Danny for the bus to come to take him to his 'school'.
We have to spoon-feed him; holding utensils, let alone having the coordination to convey food to his mouth with them, is beyond Danny's capacity now.
He has to wear special protective mitts on his hands, anyway, as well as soft booties to protect his feet. At least he can still shuffle along by himself.
But he's my brother, and I love him.
*two* strains of the Necrotosis virus--the A-strain being the typical horror-movie zombie virus, and infecting maybe a few thousand people...nothing world-ending, but it was terrifying.
But the B-strain, coming after, was much worse....that's what Danny has.
It moves much more slowly, sending its victims into violent seizures while not quite killing them.
But they are essentially brain-dead, and with weakened organ function, they slowly die, rotting as they go.
Mom could've just turned Danny over to the so-called hospice program the government offered, but they would've just incinerated him. That's standard procedure.
We had all his teeth pulled once they started to decay. That way, he can't bite--not that he's violent. B-strain victims rarely are.
We'll have to turn him in eventually. He'll rot too much to even hold together....plus, we don't know if he might turn violent later. This *is*

########
Rank: 16
Score: 45.612175
Retrieved Text: It can feel frustrating, un-motivating and derailing to your health and fitness goals if your boyfriend/husband/partner decides not to jump on the healthy eating train with you.
It might look like this. You express your new journey, stock up on healthy options at the grocery store, prepare a colorful looking dinner and have a few days of solid “on plan” eating. Inevitably he then comes home with a pizza and breadsticks or you both go out to dinner and you order a salad and water and he decides on a big bacon burger, fries and beer.
No one wants to be forced to changed and even if he may have some interest in being healthier he for sure doesn’t want to be scolded or frowned upon for his food choices. But there has gotta be a happy medium, right?
It is a dilema that many couples have and today I want to share some insights and strategies to help deal with someone who just doesn’t want to get on board with healthy eating (or get on board as much as you).
I can share from personal experience. My man and I are both very much into health and fitness but eat very differently and view healthy eating in different ways. Let me tell you, this can be just as challenging.
He eats chicken fingers, lots of pasta, pizza and cinnamon toast crunch or apple jacks depending on the week. If we get Mexican food he almost always gets a burrito and at most restaurants gets some sort of bacon burger with

########
Rank: 17
Score: 45.46807
Retrieved Text: I have just bought a field cocker. I got him from a kennel which is a registered rescue centre. I am not sure of his age but I think he's around 5 months old.
When I picked him up the lady said he hadn't been eating very much and he is thin, but since bringing him home I have been giving him puppy food soaked in water with a fresh free range egg from our chickens.
He eats it so quickly and I'm worried I'm not giving him enough! I feed him in the morning with the egg and then again at about 5 just with water.
How much in grams do you think he should have a day?
What a little cutie Sebastian is! It sounds like you're doing a fab job of looking after him and nurturing him back to his full health.
Generally speaking, dogs should be fed the equivalent of around 2/3 percent of their body weight. So for example, if your pet weighs 10kg then he should be fed between 200 and 300 grams of food per day, split into two meals.
Puppies need extra nutrition because their little bodies are growing and developing very quickly.
Check out the puppy food packaging. You'll see an ingredients label and a chart which will probably give the recommended amount of puppy food depending on the weight of your pup.
Take a note of this and carefully weigh it out into a plastic cup. Draw a line on the outside of the cup to the level of the kibble. This will make

########
Rank: 18
Score: 45.43746
Retrieved Text: recipe for crazy blog: What does she eat?
I've been asked a few times what my 18 month old eats so I decided to dedicate a post just on that.
I hesitated to post this because I don't know what you guys feed your kids, I've seen some of the mini pieces of art you guys make out of your kid's meals and then there's the, "what will people think?" Am I giving her enough fruit, dairy, whole grains? Am I feeding her too many sandwiches or too much meat? Yes, no, either way, it is what it is, so here's a little glimpse into what she eats.
I'll start with breakfast. We rarely eat the same thing two days in a row. I'm just not a planner and just make whatever sounds good, easy or what I have on hand the morning of.
One thing that's pretty constant is fruit. I go to Aldi about once a week just for produce - 99¢ pineapples & strawberries - worth the drive for me! Oh, and she always has milk with breakfast. She wakes up asking for milk.
Anyway, here's a random week in photos.
top left to bottom right: biscuit with butter and cinnamon/sugar with sliced strawberries and kiwis, steel cut oats with bananas, yogurt with granola, steel cut oats with bananas and frozen blueberries, egg and cheese biscuit with a cutie, another egg and cheese biscuit with bananas.
We typically eat the same thing for lunch to make it easy. If I make a sandwich, whether it's pb&j, roast beef or grilled

########
Rank: 19
Score: 45.430557
Retrieved Text: Can you believe mason is almost a year old, there is more demand to this kid I must say but I think its because he's growing up and becoming a more independent toddler. Now these things are bad demands, but fun,happy, cute demands. He demands more attention , lol I need to always keep my eyes on him, he demands if were gone from the house for several hours where we would be away from food at home that I better be prepared for a snack on the go in case he gets hungry. Because this guy can EAT!
I've recently discovered for quiet a few months, on to go pouches filled with baby food and thought what a genius thing to do! The first one we tried and fell in love with were the Gerber Smart Flow Grabbers! I've loved Gerber for all the things mason has tried rice cereal, baby food, and now that (why not) try there new pouches. We went to our local Smith's Food and Drug store, you can also purchase it at your local Kroger store; and kid you not got like all the flavors available! Right When mason saw them he was very interested it's like he knew there was something delicious in it!
Gerber just came out with there new Smart Flow which has a clear cap, a customized flow, and a molded spout, which means more food in your babies bellies! You don't have to worry about your little one being covered in food because moms lets be honest

########
Rank: 20
Score: 45.40716
Retrieved Text: I've tried everything and just spent $400 at the vet which was no help.
My poor kitty is 2 years old and was fine for his first year but starting puking up any food we gave him. its always the same situation, we give him a new food, he can eat it for a couple months, than starts puking it up every time he eats.
we switched to iams digestive, worked for a couple months.
thought it was because of protein so we started giving him blue buffalo sensitive digestion. worked for a couple months.
thought maybe he needed some wet food in his diet, so we started giving him a can of wet food twice a day, plus the blue buffalo laid out. worked for a couple months.
finally we took him to the vet and sent $400 to find out....nothing. we got a full blood panel and it was all clean, the vet had no idea what it could be, so he gave me prescription food, I.D. gastrointestinal health. again, worked for about 3 months and now he can't keep it down. We make sure he eats slow and chews his food. we feed him about a cup a day, spaced out morning, afternoon, evening, then night. he is otherwise a happy cat and acts normal and doesn't appear to lose any weight.
i have completely run out of ideas, his problem is too specific and weird to just search the web and i don't have hundreds to spend at the vet. So please, any help or suggestions would be

########
Rank: 21
Score: 45.328434
Retrieved Text: Does anyone else find feeding their child kind of stressful? Theo goes through phases with his food. Some of the time, he eats like a demon. Particularly at breakfast, he will gobble up a bowl of porridge and then demand seconds. He actually eats more than me at this meal! But sometimes he doesn’t seem interested in food at all, and I have to really force myself not to focus on his eating too much. It used to be that if he was hungry, he would eat. Even if he wasn’t that hungry, he’d at least try whatever was put in front of him. But no longer!
Because all of a sudden become quite a fussy eater! When we first started baby-led weaning, he would eat any and everything – he might not eat all of it, most of it might end up on the floor, but he’d at least give things a go. He ate lots of veggies and fish and all sorts. But right now he seems to be going through a phase where all he really wants to eat is white bread with butter. Seriously! It’s not okay. Yesterday, we were at my parents’ house, and my dad had prepared loads of amazing food for us and he threw all of it on the floor. We had to make him a piece of toast to get him to eat anything at all.
Part of the problem is that I have become really lazy with his meals. He usually has our leftovers for lunch (so that’s

########
Rank: 22
Score: 45.164555
Retrieved Text: My 7 month old Golden, itsn't eating like he used to, he used to eat 6 cups of food a day, now I have a hard time getting to eat half that much, he acts fine, plays goes to the bathroom normal, but it concerns me that he doesn't want to eat much, I've put canned food in his dry food, which works a couple times and then the just looks at it, also I've put that gravey stuff that Iams makes in it, he liked it the first couple of times I put it in his food, then he just didn't seem interested.
I want him to eat, ya know,,, How much should he be eating now?? Is it a growth thing, he doesn't need as much?? Today maybe he ate 3 cups of food, again he acts fine, but I'm so used to him eating like a hog, and growing like a weed, he is a large pup for his age and will according to my vet probably weigh 100 pounds when hes grown.
Hi there, I ahave a pup Collie that is 8mths,old and very large for his age as well.
I don't think I would worry too much as long as everything else is normal.
If you start making different attempts at adding things to his food though,he could become a picky eater.
Us MOM's do get worried though and I understand.
He could just be leveling off in order to start another growth sput.
You could try to increase his excersise a little during the day and then

########
Rank: 23
Score: 45.1591
Retrieved Text: Health issue mainly. Is now struggling with some aggressiveness as well.
Tigger has had multiple surgeries to assist him with his urinary tract issues (smaller/restricted urinary tract) and stones forming within his urinary tract. He is also on special diet. However, it is difficult for us to get him to eat his food when there is other food available for multiple-cat family. When he has flare-ups, he has difficulty urinating (small sessions) and often tries to force flow (blood, bloody urine and/or bloody stools). He often throws up when he eats and he seeks relief from eating grass.
I would love to see him healed through your divine assistance.
Again, looking for permission from his higher self/angels/guides for this healing to occur.
Whatever he would like to say/tell us. We’re always interested in what our animal companions have to say . . . if they are willing and wanting to tell. It is also very helpful for us if they have any tips on how we can best help them.
Tigger said this may sound obvious but Tigger does not eat the food because Tigger does not like the food. Tigger tries to immerse in the day and any activities . With the hurting when Tigger goes potty is not fun. Tigger is miserable so Tigger goes after anything that crosses Tigger’s path . When Tigger is suffering nothing is fun. The guardian angel feels so good to Tigger because Tigger is wrapped up in love and kindness and it feels just like Mom.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 45.155514
Retrieved Text: Ah my middle child. Five! He's going to have such a big year, now that he's five. He says he will start eating all the foods, when he's five. I'm sure now that it's here he will add on a few years because let's be honest this child and his food consumption is something I could quite literally wax on about for hours. He starts full day kindergarten in the fall, right along side his sister with this public school business. I'm sure that he will just take off once school starts; he is such a sponge! He's a goof and emotional and loving and infuriating all in one little adorable boy with the best of all smiles.
If we are staying up late, which we have been doing a lot of lately he will come cuddle up on my lap, heave a deep sigh, and say mommy I'm tired, can I please go to bed? And I mean I just love that so much! He's our sleeper, this one. He still has night terrors quite often but he's quick to recover and fall back asleep. If he's up late one night he could quite literally sleep till lunch which is insane but kinda nice at the same time. Sleep is his friend.
We started "food training" David last August and I wish I could say that we have corrected his poor eating habits but no. That is a big check in the failure column. Since August he now regularly eats grilled cheeses, peanut butter sandwiches, and vanilla

########
Rank: 25
Score: 45.131397
Retrieved Text: How old does my child have to be to start putting cereal in his bottle?
He eats about 6oz every three hours but he is still hungry so I give him a little more (2oz), I burp him, I change him but he is still fussing for more and he is only 1 month what should I do?
I was told not to give them cereal until 3 months and even then not to put it in a bottle, but to spoon feed it to the baby. That seems like a lot of food for a 1 month old. I wonder if your baby just likes the sucking and maybe isn't actually hungry?

########
Rank: 26
Score: 45.101387
Retrieved Text: How long have you had the child in care? Has he always been picky?
If he is gaining weight he is getting enough nutrients. If he isn't getting them from you then someone is feeding him something that he likes.
FEW child will actually starve themselves and few would push their being picky enough to the point of passing out due to low blood sugars. If he is seeing a nutritionist then they would have noted if he was one of these few pretty quickly in their assessments.
I know it sounds really mean...but if he wants to not eat to the point of passing out...then perhaps he needs to pass out? So you can call an ambulance and get the parents and medical professionals attention.
I suspect he is a strong willed child who is getting food on the side (cheerios from you and likely some filling foods at home). Progress isn't made by sneaking food to a child. It is VERY hard as an adult to see a child go hungry because we as adults know how uncomfortable it is to be hungry but that child needs to feel it himself, to the point of caring to not choose to feel those hunger pains.
I am saddened at how we now have protein drinks for kids and formula marketed just for picky kids. It is a sign we as a whole are not having proper expectations for children's eating habits. We've catered to them to the point in not expecting them to eat real food. It's not good!
Best of

########
Rank: 27
Score: 45.091133
Retrieved Text: A few months back I read somewhere that Rick Steves had traveled to Iran, and apparently, he was not a fan of Persian food. When I heard that piece of news I was rather disappointed and had a little rage. My eyes rolled back and my head started spinning. I was almost tempted to grab every single one of the four books of his that we own from our “Travel & Adventure” shelf and toss them out in the street. Then I calmed myself down and drank some cold water. While drinking my cold water, which by the way, is what Persians advise you to do when you are angry, I thought about the few places that he suggested in his books which turned out to be…um less than decent.
I convinced myself that he had not had good Persian food. I don’t know anyone who has had Persian food and didn’t like it. Seriously.
I was going through one of my favorite websites, Hulu, looking for something to watch. Much to my amazement I saw Rick Steves’ documentary about Iran. Whaaaaaat???? I was so excited to find it on Hulu and immediately wondered if he would showcase Persian food at all. In the mean time…I remembered the food comment…but kept an open mind.
I thought the documentary was well done. There is a definite undertone or theme to it, which is “Iranians who live in Iran do not hate the American people.” I thought the cinematography was well done and I loved his interaction with Iranians. I also

########
Rank: 28
Score: 45.05101
Retrieved Text: I've just designed a website http://www.dietsbydesign.co.uk for a lady called Sue Power. Sue is an accredited dietitian, based in North Hampshire.
She can help with all sorts of dietary needs, allergies, medical conditions and especially those among us who have small ones that are picky eaters.
Sue herself lives with diabetes and coeliac disease so she knows first hand the importance of a good, suitable diet. She also has three children, the eldest of whom has issues around food so nothing you say to her will be surprising and she will work sensitively with your child to help them overcome their problems.
At the moment, she is helping my eldest son by designing a healthy eating plan. Luca tends to inhale the contents of the fridge over the summer holidays and with our two week break in Italy coming up he is in serious danger of eating his bodyweight in pasta, pizza and mortadella.
It's great that he likes food and is interested in cooking as well, but he did not understand the relationship between the amount you eat and how much energy you use up. Sue has worked with Luca to find out what he likes and doesn't like and she is working this into an easy-to-stick-to plan so that he knows by looking at his chart what his choices for snacks are without me having to buy a padlock for the refrigerator and ban any treats from the house in case he eats them while I'm not looking.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 45.025043
Retrieved Text: It’s been a while since my last update about our family dog, Coco. He’s now 3, almost 4 years old! He still loves to play in the yard, can’t get enough of the pool and is just overall a sweet boy. He also still can’t come to terms that he’s not acutally a 10 lb lap dog. Now at close to 100lbs, he’s a little too much to cuddle with on the couch. But that never stops him from trying.
Since he’s such an important part of our family, I like to spoil him with treats and scraps. But because he’s not as skinny as our vet wants, I’ve had to seriously cut back on his scraps and find other, more nutritious ways to spoil him, like these little homemade dog treats.
Now when it comes to baking, you know I lik eto mtake every shortcut I can. So for these dog treats, I made a semi-homemade version using ALPO’s New Homestyle Prime Cuts in Gravy. I added the canned food to my food processor and pulsed it until all the meat was ground. Then I took out the wet food and put it in a large bowl. Next I added a cup of oats to my food processor and ground them into a course flour and addded them to the wet food. Next, I took a cup of rice and ground that to a flour in my food prcessor and added it to the dog food.
Then I used my hands and made a soft dough with the

================



======= Instance Index 1869 =========
Input Text: Steve breathed in deeply, using his diaphragm.   The diaphragm is a muscle.  Name something that has muscles?
Choose the most suitable option to answer the above question.
Options:
- human
- woman's body
- valve
- pay debts
- drugstore

Target Text: human

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 53.73274
Retrieved Text: The way we use the breathing machine during speech is very complicated. Luckily, like most complicated actions such as walking and eating, breathing to communicate is an automatic function we’re born with. After all, babies don’t have to think twice about how to use their breath to vocalize in a way that gets our attention very quickly!
The diaphragm is the main muscle that lets us breathe in. It works with the ribcage-lifting muscles to expand the lung cavity. You can identify the location of your diaphragm by feeling your bottom rib and tracing it all the way around your body. The diaphragm is a large sheet of muscle attached to the bottom ribs. It divides your torso into two compartments: the upper compartment houses the lungs and heart; the lower compartment is where all the other “guts” live. In rest position, the diaphragm is deeply dome-shaped. When it contracts to help us breathe in, the diaphragm flattens and pushes against the lower-compartment guts, expanding the lung cavity vertically.
Now, with your hand, feel the abdominal muscles do their work as you experiment with “Hm!” again: feel how the lower guts squeeze in to start the vocal motor; then notice them relax and push out against your hand to let the new breath in as your diaphragm lowers.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 52.97298
Retrieved Text: Over the past few months our Dr. Cheung has had the pleasure of working with a very high performing power lifter. For him, Dr. Cheung takes on a different role in helping him optimize proper functioning of the joints and muscles of his body (where usually it’s usually pain management). Recently, we’ve been spending a lot more time focusing on his diaphragm. After giving simple exercises and treating the diaphragm directly, Mr. X reported significantly more strength while lifting in the gym with better optimized intra-abdominal pressure. Really cool results!
If you didn’t know, the diaphragm is a key muscle that is responsible for breathing. This muscle also works to stabilize the spine and it works together with the core muscles, pelvic floor, hip flexors, and much more! With proper function, this muscle will improve activation of all the muscles that it relates to, resulting in increased strength and power. With targeted manual therapy to this muscle together with simple exercises, you can easily get this muscle up and firing to get better results in the gym.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 49.324196
Retrieved Text: Yoga is a process of spiritual self-remembering. Translations of the word “yoga” emphasize the concepts of harmony, union, and the consolidation of personality for a higher goal, and in this journey breath awareness is an essential tool. Breathing forms the link between body and mind. It bridges the gulf between the individual self and the outer reality. When breath is present, life is present. Without the breath, life departs.
The process of learning good breathing habits often starts in the very first yoga class, and it is the rare student these days who has not at least heard about the importance of diaphragmatic breathing. For many students, however, practice falls short of theory. Our ability to breathe diaphragmatically is hampered by misconceptions, lack of muscle strength, and lack of awareness.
Sandbag breathing can remedy these difficulties. The practice gets its name because it uses a sand-filled bag resting on the abdomen to build strength. Simple and time-effective, sandbag breathing will give you the strength you need for successful diaphragmatic breathing and the confidence you need to do it easily.
The lungs, diaphragm, organs of the abdomen, and muscles lying on the surface of the abdominal wall all interact when your breathing is relaxed. The diaphragm divides the torso into two parts.
Above the diaphragm lie the heart and lungs. Tightly packed below it lie all of the organs of the abdomen, including the liver, stomach, pancreas, bowels, kidneys, and bladder—and often generous amounts of fat.
It is said that the diaphragm is dome-shaped, but this gives the impression that the diaphragm

########
Rank: 3
Score: 48.467495
Retrieved Text: The cause of heartburn and GERD is a biomechanical imbalance, not a chemical one. If the acid from the stomach gets up into the esophagus, heartburn and GERD result. The symptoms are not from an excess of stomach acid, but from the acid in the wrong place, which is controlled by the diaphragm. A properly functioning diaphragm muscle keeps the acid in the stomach, where it belongs.
Yet the Western Medicine treatment for these problems is a chemical approach to medicate to reduce or neutralize the acid, the very acid that plays a vital role in health and normal digestion. Furthermore these medications were not intended for people to take for more than 3-6 months, and millions are suffering costly side-effects now and in the future by taking them for years, often indefinitely.
Because the diaphragm is a muscle, just like your biceps, it is modifiable and can be improved and developed, to keep the acid in your stomach and eliminate the need to medicate to suppress your acid production.
Here is a brief excerpt from my book, Your Inner Pharmacy, that explains how diaphragm problems develop and how your diaphragm can be improved….
Consider what frequently happens to the stomach over a lifetime. As we age, our shoulders and upper back can become increasingly hunched over. In mechanical terms, thoracic kyphosis increases, or we get more kyphotic. Try this: hunch over for a moment and try to take a deep breath. It’s difficult, because there is no room for your diaphragm to move when you are in that position.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 48.462017
Retrieved Text: Deep breathing exercises that focus on your diaphragm do more than help you de-stress. They strengthen your core and improve body function.
How many times have you heard that phrase? Especially in stressful situations or when there is pain, fear or anxiety?
The reason people say it is because it works! When you take a deep breath, more specifically, breathe with your diaphragm, it sets off a ton of useful things in your body and brain.
Deep breathing helps you deal with modern-day stress.
The diaphragm is linked to your autonomic nervous system (ANS). Your ANS is composed of two different parts: the sympathetic nervous system and the parasympathetic nervous system. The sympathetic system is the driver of the "fight or flight" system, which is your primal response to stress. The parasympathetic system is more of a calming system — where you should be most of the time.
Now, centuries ago, stress was a little different. It was life or death, like coming across a bear in the woods when you were out hunting. These days, you might still come across a bear in the woods if you are out hiking. But more commonly, your stressors come from deadlines, running late for a meeting, traffic and financial, health or relationship issues.
Your body's response is about the same, however. In response to stress, your body produces adrenaline, your heart rate and respiratory rate increase and blood flow is diverted from your gut to your muscles. In the case of that bear, you are prepared to fight it or run away.
Other stressors can

########
Rank: 5
Score: 48.135292
Retrieved Text: To simultaneously assess the magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) biomarkers of disease activity in the upper arm and chest wall skeletal muscles, diaphragm, and myocardium of patients with Duchenne muscular dystrophy (DMD).
There is a need for biomarkers to assess disease activity and treatment response in DMD. Outcome measures targeting the lower limb function may not be applicable to patients who lose their independent mobility during the duration of the trial. Cardiomyopathy and restrictive lung disease cause early morbidity and mortality in patients with DMD.
We analyzed quantitative maps of T1 and T2 relaxation times and muscle fat fraction (FF) measurements in the MRI of the upper arm skeletal muscles and heart in ambulatory boys with DMD and age matched healthy volunteer boys. The chest wall and diaphragm motion and right lung area were assessed during deep breathing in the cineBreathing MRI in both groups.
The upper arm skeletal muscle FF and T2 values were increased in DMD boys than healthy volunteers. Myocardial FF was similar between the groups. Myocardial T1 and T2 values were shortened in DMD participants than healthy volunteers. The chest wall movement was reduced in DMD boys, whereas the diaphragm movement was similar to healthy volunteers. Right lung area was reduced during maximum inspiration and expiration in DMD boys compared to healthy volunteers.
We detected fatty degeneration and edema in the upper arm skeletal muscles but not the myocardium in DMD boys who had normal ejection fraction. There was early involvement of the chest wall skeletal muscles but not diaphragm in DMD patients who had normal pulmonary

########
Rank: 6
Score: 48.07121
Retrieved Text: Respiratory Assistance for ALS - Avery Biomedical Devices, Inc.
Amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS), often referred to as “Lou Gehrig’s Disease,” is a progressive neurodegenerative disease that affects nerve cells in the brain and spinal cord. It is characterized by progressive muscle weakness that results in paralysis. For more information, visit the ALS Association website.
With ALS, the nerves’ ability to signal muscles decreases over time. The diaphragm weakens as the breathing (or phrenic) nerves lose their ability to carry messages from the brain to the diaphragm. As the diaphragm weakens, ALS patients develop chronic hypoventilation, a state in which a reduced amount of air enters the lungs. When the phrenic nerves have degenerated, the ALS patient becomes dependent on positive pressure ventilation.
The Avery Diaphragm Pacing System System is a surgically implanted phrenic nerve stimulator which delivers electrical impulses to the diaphragm and restores breathing function. It may help ALS patients attain a higher quality of life by delaying the need for dependence on mechanical ventilation. In addition, a diaphragm pacing system conditions diaphragm muscles, increasing fatigue resistance during normal exertion. Moreover, a diaphragm pacing system improves sleep conditions for ALS patients.
How is the Avery Diaphragm Pacing System implanted?
Breathing pacemakers can be implanted using minimally invasive surgery. The surgeon is not required to undergo specialized training, nor is the hospital required to purchase any capital equipment or specialized instrumentation. Breathing pacemakers use implanted receivers to receive signals across the patient’s intact skin. Other systems use percutaneous wires that pass through the skin and present a chronic infection risk as

########
Rank: 7
Score: 47.855797
Retrieved Text: The teenager had been in my office before, but this time was different. His mother dropped him off at the door, and then was gone. Usually she waited in the car outside. He did not come directly into the room but paced back and forth in the hallway.
I waited for him to slow down a bit and then invited him in. He slunk into the nearest seat, his shoulders hunched over as if warding off a blow. I sat down across the table from him and scattered some colorful magnets onto the surface. I did not say anything, just built a three-dimensional figure with the magnets. Eventually, he felt comfortable enough to join me.
We talked about the problems he was having with school, his part-time employment, and especially his family. The more he talked the more relaxed he became and we were able to address the anxiety he was experiencing. I told him that there was something he could do at home that would help.
I had him lie down on the floor, flat on his back, and bring his knees up to form a tent, or upside down “V” with his feet flat on the floor. I told him to relax his shoulders, and put his hands on his stomach, then breathe in slowly counting to the number five.
His stomach rose with the inhalation, and then when he exhaled, we counted to five again. With each deep breath, his anxiety diminished and his tense muscles relaxed. The more he breathed deeply, the more well-being he felt.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 47.77668
Retrieved Text: Runner's stitch is the one condition that almost certainly befalls every runner at some time in either training or competitive circumstances. Known as a side stitch, or by the technical term exercise-related transient abdominal pain, runner's stitch is a painful but entirely transient and correctable physical problem. There are many explanations tendered through sports science as to its cause.
Runner's stitch is a painful cramping or stabbing sensation that is experienced by a runner during the course of the activity. The pain usually is felt most sharply under the rib cage, in the vicinity of the diaphragm and upper abdomen. In some cases, the pain will also seem to radiate to the runner's shoulder. Sometimes, the stitch will either slow the runner or immobilize him or her for a brief period while he or she endeavors to recover from the effects of the stitch. Although precise data on the point has never been gathered, there is strong anecdotal evidence in the running community that suggests that runner's stitch is more common among inexperienced or novice runners than among veteran athletes.
While the stitch manifests itself as a cramp, the accepted possible causes of the condition are wide ranging. It could occur due to impaired blood flow, or ischemia, to the abdomen and diaphragm during exercise. Another condition is the irritation of the muscle walls of the abdomen through the repetitive movements of running (the nerve structure from the abdomen ultimately radiates to the shoulders, accounting for the sensation sometimes felt there with the onset of a stitch. Stress

########
Rank: 9
Score: 47.38901
Retrieved Text: My friend Nic and I went to see a mutual old friend a couple of weeks ago. We went to visit Yik Ming Chim, affectionately known in Australia as Jim. Jim is one of the truly great treatment and exercise based practitioners. He is a physiotherapist by training, and his way of working has evolved as a result of the questions he has had, and the people he has trained with who have allowed him to approach answering those questions through observation, treatment and self-experimentation.
Jim is amongst the best I have seen at being able to see the invisible. That is; he is able to understand what is going on in an individual’s living posture by all the nuances being evidenced in simple standing and moving. He was one of the pioneers in photographic assessment of posture from a pre/post perspective and as part of this service you would receive an individuated program based on your postural presentation. Jim and I worked together in the AIS tennis program for 7 years and we were able to go a long way toward keeping the athletes injury free while also showing significant improvements in fitness parameters as a result of an approach focused on muscle balance and movement efficiency.
Jim did some work on Nic based on his spine from years of working on his set up required in golf. Nic has worked hard on gaining symmetry and balance after a long period of working on golf during his teenage years. When it was time to focus on the

########
Rank: 10
Score: 46.88263
Retrieved Text: The secret to all vocal improvements can be found always and only in the search for correct breathing. Breathing correctly allows you to have more energy, more concentration, more calm and a more powerful voice, as well as making your vocal timbre stand out. Breathing is half of what it takes to be a good singer. Many people are convinced that they are breathing with the diaphragm only when they sing, but in reality someone who breathes, simply uses the diaphragm all of the time: while they sleep, while they eat, while they run in the street, while they watch a movie. It's how and how much you use it that makes the difference!
Everyone knows how much small babies can make themselves heard. And they have only started to breathe just a few seconds before. How do they manage to cry and scream for so much time without having any sort of problems with their vocal cords? Why don't they lose their voices? It all has to do with how they breathe: using only and exclusively the diaphragm. They do not use any other muscle because they are not yet capable and do not yet have enough strength. All of us start our lives using our diaphragm, but then at a certain point we stop using it due to the modern way of living. Therefore, it is not a question of learning to breathe in a natural way, but to go back to breathing in the way that Mother Nature has predisposed us to.
Do you know

########
Rank: 11
Score: 46.74835
Retrieved Text: He had faced 93 balls, hitting 11 fours, and it was a fine effort in his first match for two months following an intercostal muscle injury lay-off.
4] Inadequate drainage, persistence of BPF and/or non-expansion of the lung even after antibiotic therapy and intercostal drainage were referred to cardiothoracic surgeon and decortication and/or decortication with closure of bronchopleural fistula using intercostal muscle flap were performed in selected cases.
The repair was re-enforced with an intercostal muscle flap.
Objective: To assess the efficacy of intercostal nerve protection by intercostal muscle (ICM) flap in postthoracotomy pain improvement compared to intracostal suturing.
The herniation site was remote from all prior incisions, and demonstrated intercostal muscle denervation and radiation fibrosis.
There are many surgical repair methods for anastomotic leakage, which include primary direct suture, repair with pleura or intercostal muscle patches, gastric transposition, and colonic interposition.
Even though the diaphragm is an important part of the respiratory muscle, we found that even larger area diaphragm that was replaced by the artificial material, healthy respiratory movement still can be performed under the compensatory of other respiratory muscles such as the intercostal muscle and abdominal muscle.
But with a diagnosis of only a side strain - Anderson confirmed the injury is not an intercostal muscle and added that it "didn't look too serious" when assessed yesterday - he hopes to be good to go for the fifth Test beginning on August 20.
Gas exchange during separate diaphragm and intercostal muscle breathing.
Paletta, of Wrexham AC, who is studying at the University of Portland, did not compete indoors through the winter due

########
Rank: 12
Score: 46.66244
Retrieved Text: Because breathing is usually so automatic and we take it so much for granted it can be difficult to notice minor disruptions to the easy flow of air into and out of our lungs.
Consider, for instance, the way you are breathing right now.
If seated in an easy chair are you slumping comfortably in your seat?
If reading at a desk or table, are you resting your head in your hands and leaning forward over the book?
If so then you are reducing the efficiency with which oxygen reaches your cells and carbon dioxide is removed, because the movement of your diaphragm is being restricted. The effect of this is likely to shift you towards the left side of the arousal curve.
If you now start to breathe more rapidly and less deeply (hyperventilate) you will also change the rate at which these gasses pass into and out of your blood stream, reducing the amount of carbon dioxide present.
Although the way in which we breathe is reasonably well known, it will be helpful to examine the machinery involved in some detail since there are many subtle yet crucial aspects of this everyday activity about which many people are unaware.
A clear understanding of the basic principles of respiration and the subtle interactions between body and brain that results makes it easier to follow the practical training that follows. It will also assist in understanding what can so easily go wrong and why these problems occur.
The purpose of breathing is, to course, to extract oxygen from the air while removing carbon dioxide

########
Rank: 13
Score: 46.649483
Retrieved Text: Interleukin (IL)-15, a cytokine expressed in skeletal muscle, has been shown to have muscle anabolic effects in vitro and to slow muscle wasting in rats with cancer cachexia. Whether IL-15 has therapeutic potential for diseases such as Duchenne muscular dystrophy (DMD) is unknown. We examined whether IL-15 administration could ameliorate the dystrophic pathology in the diaphragm muscle of the mdx mouse, an animal model for DMD. Four weeks of IL-15 treatment improved diaphragm strength, a highly significant finding because respiratory function is a mortality predictor in DMD. Enhanced diaphragm function was associated with increased muscle fiber cross-sectional area and decreased collagen infiltration. IL-15 administration was not associated with changes in T-cell populations or alterations in specific components of the ubiquitin proteasome pathway. To determine the effects of IL-15 on myofiber regeneration, muscles of IL-15-treated and untreated wild-type mice were injured myotoxically, and their functional recovery was assessed. IL-15 had a mild anabolic effect, increasing fiber cross-sectional area after 2 and 6 days but not after 10 days. Our findings demonstrate that IL-15 administration improves the pathophysiology of dystrophic muscle and highlight a possible therapeutic role for IL-15 in the treatment of neuromuscular disorders especially in which muscle wasting is indicated.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 46.280354
Retrieved Text: First I must give a big shout out to three individuals who really sparked my research and interest on this topic. Dr. Brett Winchester, Dr. Beau Beard, and Dr. Austin Panter are doing phenomenal work in the chiropractic field as well as in many arenas in sports.
A little intro into the anatomy and physiology of this topic, the thoracic diaphragm is a dome like sheet of muscle and tension attachments that serve as the main muscle of respiration and plays a very big role in the breathing process. It also serves as an important anatomical landmark that separates the thorax from the abdomen. The diaphragm attaches from the lumbar vertebrae and goes to the lower border of the ribs and sternum. There are also very important structures that pass through the thoracic diaphragm. These include important nerves like the phrenic (motor control for breathing) and vagus (CN-X, heart, digestive system, skeletal muscles, taste), also the esophagus, and vascular structures such as the aorta and inferior vena cava. If you haven't already noticed this is a very important structure that can affect multiple systems of the body.
Further, the diaphragm forms the floor of the thoracic cavity and the ceiling of the abdominal cavity. This is important because it is perfectly located there for core support as well as function. When air is drawn into the lungs (inhale), the thoracic diaphragm contracts and pulls a tendon in the middle of the diaphragm downward into the abdominal cavity. This enlarges the thorax and allows air to inflate the lungs

########
Rank: 15
Score: 46.20234
Retrieved Text: Today I found out what causes the pain in your side you may occasionally feel while running or doing other jarring activities.
This pain, known often as “side stitch” and more technically as “exercise related transient abdominal pain” (ETAP), often occurs while running, swimming, and horse riding, among others; it is caused by various stresses on your diaphragm that result in strain on the ligaments connected to your diaphragm, as well as spasms or cramps in the diaphragm itself. These strained ligaments and cramps in turn cause the sharp pain you feel in your side.
So what’s actually going on here? When you inhale, your diaphragm goes downward and contracts, when you exhale, your diaphragm rises and relaxes. Now consider what’s happening when you run, for instance. You are bouncing up and down while in turn breathing in and out. It turns out that most people naturally time their exhale with one of their feet striking the ground. When their foot strikes the ground, their organs are going down while their diaphragm is going up. This puts quite a bit of strain on the ligaments that are connected between the diaphragm and the various organs connected to it, such as your liver and stomach. Over time, this can cause pain due to strain on the ligaments and can also contribute to spasms in the diaphragm itself.
Further complicating this latter issue of spasms is that, while this is all going on, your diaphragm will typically be getting less oxygen than normal, particularly for people who are out of shape.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 45.928677
Retrieved Text: We talk alot about the Core muscles but what exactly are they?
The abdominal muslces attach themselves to the pelvis, ribs and indirectly to the lumbar spine. They offer support, while the muscles of the back are layered, with each separate layer working to balance the spine.
The deep abdominals, otherwise known as postural muscles, are commonly referred to as the core. Essentially, the 4 major core muscles (described below) connect your upper body to your lower body.
The T.A. is the body’s natural corset. It connects at the left of the spine, wraps around the abdomen and attaches to the hips and ribs until it reaches the right side. The superﬁcial muscles that give the six-pack are layered on top of these support muscles. The T.A. also supports spinal stability, essential for maintaining good posture.
You would have located and used your pelvic floor muscles when you have needed to use the bathroom and couldn’t find one. These muscles will also spontaneously tense when you cough or sneeze. Unfortunately, they are often ignored until there is a problem. The Pelvic Floor forms a structure (like a hammock) that supports and holds in your abdominal organs. In addition, they help to stabilise the hips, help with balance as well as working to reduce the risk of stress incontinence.
The Diaphragm is a sheet of muscle that works closely with the muscles of the ribs to contract and expand the ribcage during respiration. We usually control our diaphragm through breathing; rate, rhythm and depth. To connect with this muscle the focus is

########
Rank: 17
Score: 45.395634
Retrieved Text: The purpose of this Section is to describe the tests used to assess respiratory muscle strength. To test strength, pressures can be measured either during voluntary maneuvers or during involuntary contractions, particularly in response to phrenic nerve stimulation.
A. Volitional Tests of Respiratory Muscle Strength: Volitional tests are often simple for patients to perform, but it can be difficult to be certain that a maximum effort has been made. This can lead to difficulty in the interpretation of low results.
1. Maximum Static inspiratory and Expiratory Pressure i. Pimax and PEmax are commonly used, clinically useful measurements. Some individuals have difficulty with the technique and the interpretation of low results can be problematic.
ii. Maximum static transdiaphragmatic pressure (Pi,di,max) provides specific information on diaphragm strength, but can be a difficult maneuver in naive subjects and patients. Pi,di,max has a wide normal range and has limited usefulness in clinical practice.
2. Maximum Sniff Pressures: Maximum sniff efforts can be achieved by patients with little practice; sniff pressures are reproducible and have a narrower normal range than static mouth pressures or Pi,di,max. Sniff esophageal pressure assesses global inspiratory muscle strength and sniff Pdi is a clinically useful measure of diaphragm strength. Sniff nasal pressure provides a useful noninva-sive measure of inspiratory muscle strength and has been validated in patients with neuromuscular disease.
3. Maximum Cough Pressure: Cough gastric pressure is measured as an index of abdominal muscle strength. Pga,co is a useful test to supplement PEmax, particularly in patients unable to perform the PEmax maneuver reliably. To date, few data are available for

########
Rank: 18
Score: 45.33727
Retrieved Text: Stressed this holiday season? Try this relaxing breathing technique.
The diaphragm is the most efficient muscle of breathing. It is a large, dome-shaped muscle located at the base of the lungs. Your abdominal muscles help move the diaphragm and give you more power to empty your lungs.
With improper breathing technique, the neck and chest muscles must then assume an increased share of the work of breathing. This can leave the diaphragm weakened and flattened, causing it to work less efficiently, while increasing the stress and strain on neck and shoulder muscles. Neck pain and headaches may result overtime.
1. Lie on your back on a flat surface or in bed, with your knees bent and your head supported. You can use a pillow under your knees to support your legs. Place one hand on your upper chest and the other just below your rib cage. This will allow you to feel your diaphragm move as you breathe.
2. Breathe in slowly through your nose so that your stomach moves out against your hand. The hand on your chest should remain as still as possible.
3. Tighten your stomach muscles, letting them fall inward as you exhale through pursed lips (see “Pursed Lip Breathing Technique”). The hand on your upper chest must remain as still as possible.
When you first learn the diaphragmatic breathing technique, it may be easier for you to follow the instructions lying down, as shown on the first page. As you gain more practice, you can try the diaphragmatic breathing technique while sitting in a chair, as shown

########
Rank: 19
Score: 45.321594
Retrieved Text: Core strengthening refers to the strengthening of the muscles that function in trunk movement and stability. This includes traditional spinal flexors, extensors and rotators, as well as deep abdominal and back musculature. It also can include muscles that stabilize the hip and shoulder girdle.
There is growing evidence in the literature of both biomechanical and EMG studies, to support the notion that there are two muscle systems that work to maintain the stability of the spine: the global muscle system and the local muscle system. Each functions differently, depending on the loading conditions placed on the spine.
The global muscle system includes the large, torque producing muscles that move the spine and pelvis. They do not have a direct attachment to the spine. This includes the thoracic part of the paraspinal muscles (longissimus and iliocostalis lumborum), the quadratus lumborum (lateral portion), rectus abdominus and, to some extent, the external oblique muscle.
The local muscle system involves the deep muscles with direct attachments to the spine, including the lumbar multifidus, transverses abdominus, diaphragm, internal oblique and lumbar part of the paraspinal muscles.
Core strengthening in physical therapy programs is usually directed at improving the ability of the local muscle system to provide segmental stabilization. The muscles that are focused on include the transverse abdominus (a deep stomach muscle), multifidus (a deep muscle that rotates low back joints), the internal obliques and the diaphragm. The hip stabilizing muscles, the gluteus maximus, gluteus medius and hip adductors, are also often addressed with core strengthening. Patients may be taught exercises for strengthening these muscles

########
Rank: 20
Score: 45.29678
Retrieved Text: Muscle of the posterior abdominal wall without the diaphragm. Vessels and phrenic nerve (nervus phrenicus) present. The phrenic nerve originates in the neck and is responsible for innervating the diaphragm.
Internal intercostal muscles, transverse abdominis, psoas major, iliacus, iliopsoas, psoas minor, quadratus lumborum, pelvis, rib cage in cross section, phrenicus nerve.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 45.1783
Retrieved Text: Did you know that most Americans are shallow breathers that tend to breathe with approximately the top 10% of their lungs? How do you breathe? How can you tell? Benefits of deep breathing or diaphragmatic breathing have been shown to improve exercise capacity, core strength, decrease stress, and increase overall well-being. So let’s start using the other 90% of our lungs!
Good respiration allows you to fill your lungs to their fullest to allow maximal oxygen exchange and maximal exercise capacity. At birth we know how to breathe. Newborns and infants are beautiful examples of an effortless rise and fall of the abdomen. What distorts this effortless breath?
Abnormal respiration arises from various factors including cardiopulmonary diseases, musculoskeletal problems, and life related factors like stress and tension. These factors cause effortful and shallow breathing that overuse the muscles of the neck, upper back and chest limiting oxygen exchange to muscles and lowering capacity for everyday activities and exercise. However, by looking into your own patterns and understanding the breathing process you can regain your ease.
Respiration is the process of breathing that consists of two steps: Inspiration (inhalation) and Expiration (exhalation). During inspiration muscles around the ribs and the diaphragm muscle contract in unison to enlarge the chest wall allowing the lungs to expand with air. When we exhale the ribs and diaphragm muscle relax returning the chest wall to its normal position, consequently squeezing the air out. Simultaneously, the deep muscles of the stomach, especially the transversus abdominis muscle, contract to assist with releasing air from the lungs.
The

########
Rank: 22
Score: 44.961697
Retrieved Text: Are you still having low back pain?
Are you looking to take your core stability training up a notch?
Breathing from your Core-The Missing Link?
It may sound like a strange question but “do you breathe properly?” Breathing pattern disorders (BPD) are surprisingly common in the general population. They remain commonly under-recognized by health care professionals and can contribute to pain, fatigue, and dysfunctions in the lumbopelvic region i.e. your CORE!
Core activation remains a hot topic in physical therapy. The problem is that there is not a universally accepted strategy to achieve optimal stability. A decade ago, we started using the “abdominal hallowing” technique which I have talked about before. The abdominal hallowing was an attempt to isolate a key core muscle called the transversus abdominis in which you would “pull your navel in and hallow out your abdoman”. The original work done by Hodges and colleagues on the transversus abdominis also demonstrated simultaneous activation of the diaphragm muscle. The diaphragm, however, took a back seat and has often been ignored during core training. So how do we correct your BPD and “wake up” your diaphragm?
Your diaphragm is attached to your lower ribcage, thoracic wall, and lumbar vertebrae. When you breathe, the diaphragm contracts and pushes DOWN into the abdominal cavity. This movement causes a pressure change which draws air into the lungs. As a result of the contraction, intra-abdominal pressure increases and lumbar spine stiffness, hence stability, also increases. The diaphragm acts in coordination with the abdominal muscles, spinal muscles, and pelvic floor to create lumbar stability in

########
Rank: 23
Score: 44.45743
Retrieved Text: When we come to the mat, we create an opportunity to be as mindful with our bodies and our minds. One of the essential components of the practice is linking breath with movement. Teachers often cue the breath by saying, “Use ujjayi breath,” “Inhale, open and expand the chest,” “Exhale, allow your navel to come down and into your spine.” But what are these cues really trying to get you to do? Mindful breathing not only calms and centers, it also strengthens the breath core awareness that puts our bodies into a neutral position, so that when we’re off our mats, we continue to feel grounded no matter where we are in life. One of the biggest muscles in the body, the diaphragm, is the dome shaped structure that separates the thoracic cavity from the abdomen. This muscle exists in the trunk of the body and is fully responsible for respiratory breathing. The diaphragm operates in both voluntary and involuntary ways. During inhalation, the diaphragm contracts and moves down and in, enlarging the volume of the thoracic cavity and the lungs above it. When this happens, our ribs expand, chest rises, and our pelvic floor rotates towards the back to allow the spine to extend to create space for the lungs to inflate. Mindful inhalation is the intentional action to engage the diaphragm, create more space in the trunk, and open up the lungs to full capacity resulting in a deep and full breath.
During exhalation, the diaphragm relaxes; air is exhaled by elastic recoil of the

########
Rank: 24
Score: 44.305073
Retrieved Text: We have touched on what it means when Pilates teachers tell us to ‘scoop’, ‘hollow’, or ‘draw your abdominals in & up’, and how this is anatomically possible in our abdominals.
However, to really perfect your scoop you will need to have a wider understanding of the parts of the body used to scoop and the muscle functions that enable us to do so.
– Rectus Abdominis (the 6 pack), superficial muscles on the front of the body that aid in forward flexion.
– External & Internal Obliques (the ‘up’ in ‘in & up’), responsible for lateral (side to side) movement and rotation in the torso.
– Transverse Abdominis (pelvic floor), these act as a stabiliser and are hard to recruit. These are the last two ‘packs’ in what is actually an 8 pack if we are speaking anatomically correct.
– Diaphragm, which also connects in to the back of the body. We work the diaphragm in our scoop due to controlled breathing.
– Iliopsoas (Psoas major – pronounced so-as). This muscle connects all the way down to the thigh and is worked when we pull our leg up towards ourselves. This muscle is also the only muscle able to flex the lower spine.
– Spinalis; muscles connected to spine vertebrae, Longissimus; muscle deep connected to the back ribs & spine, Iliocostalis; connected to the outside of the back ribs. All which enable side bending of the body.
– Semispinalis Capitis; this muscle travels up the top of the spine (cervical), through the neck, in to the skull. This supports the curve in the

########
Rank: 25
Score: 43.996967
Retrieved Text: Foam rollers and other soft tissue mobility tools have become very popular in recent years. These tools allow people to improve flexibility, relax the nervous system, and minimize muscular adhesions that occur in the fascia. Surprisingly, many people do not know how these tools actually work or how to maximize the benefits of performing soft tissue mobilization.
1) The soft tissue mobility exercises are ONLY as beneficial as the joint mobility work and strengthening that occurs following the soft tissue work. For example, if you foam roll the IT band, it is important to do hip mobility & strengthen the hip muscles afterward to sustain the changes that were made.
2) The amount of pressure applied when using the foam roller, tennis ball, or golf ball does not effect the amount of change in the muscle length. Soft tissue mobilization is beneficial because of the 'neurophysiological effects' a.k.a altering how our brain perceives that region of the body. During soft tissue mobility exercises, area being treated receives a ton of input from the brain allowing that region to be reprogrammed.
3) Discomfort is common during soft tissue mobilization, but pain should not occur. If you experience pain, bruising, or prolonged inflammation, you have likely worked the region to aggressively.
Breathing requires the coordinated use of several muscles, primarily the large diaphragm muscle. The diaphragm is considered one of the core muscles as it plays important functions in low back stability as well as neck and shoulder mobility. When you breath improperly using your chest, you neglect the diaphragm muscle thousands

########
Rank: 26
Score: 43.982758
Retrieved Text: I am meeting a friend today and introduce FOUNDATION TRAINING to him. This person called me yesterday saying he hurt his back when he bent over to pick something up. He went to a friend of his who is a doctor at a spine clinic. He had X-rays and such done and the doctor tells him everything looks good…that this is a muscular problem. The doctor tells him to strengthen his core! The doctor also put him on muscle relaxers…Dern it! I am glad my friend remembered our conversation 6 months ago when he had inquired what I had been up to. I had briefly explained FOUNDATION TRAINING.
First, what makes up the core? This is important to know. Most people think it he core are the abs…where the 6 pack is supposed to be. The core is much more than the abdominal area. The major muscle groups of the core consists of the diaphragm, transverse abdominus, multifidi, pelvic floor, internal & external obliques, erector spinae, and rectus abdominus. The latissimus dorsi, glutei, and trapezius also are important components of the core. All of the above mentioned muscles are located in and around the pelvis and stomach, back and ribcage area…front and back of the body.
Now, that you know what the core is let me explain what FOUNDATION TRAINING does for the core.
FOUNDATION TRAINING will apply and anchoring technique coupled with a breathing technique which allows a person to decompress their own spine with all the musculature mentioned above. This is called decompression breathing! Decompression Breathing is

########
Rank: 27
Score: 43.609364
Retrieved Text: Try this quick and easy pelvic floor routine!
Choose a comfortable position. Place one hand on your abdomen and breathe deeply and evenly. Notice how your belly expands as you inhale and contracts as you exhale. As your lungs will with oxygen, your rib cage expands, your diaphragm moves down. As you inhale, your abdomen relaxes and contracts to its normal size.
Working with your natural breath….
2. As you exhale, contract the muscles the stop the passing of gas. Lift up and in. Repeat 10X.
3. As you exhale, contract the muscles the stop the flow of urine AND the muscles that stop the passing of gas. Repeat 10X. Think of both these muscle groups working together as your pelvic floor.
4. As you exhale, engage your pelvic floor and maintain the contraction as you continue to breath naturally. Once the contraction fades (3-10 seconds), let is go. Repeat 10X.
5. Each time you exhale, completely relax your pelvic floor. Say slowly to yourself, “relax, relax, relax. ”Repeat 10X.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 43.506874
Retrieved Text: I want to try again with this subject, doing it in smaller bits this time.
deals with it in part.
the word 'support' in that way.
muscles; and of course I agree that that's very important.
you may well need the precise control of both muscles working simultaneously.
a fluid gesture with the airstream.
Very interesting topic! I have always thought about the relationship of "support" as a physical mechanism and "intensity" as a concept that one needs to have a good sound at a soft dynamic. It is not easy to wrap the mind around this, and your treatment of the subject above is the most concise and understandable I have seen. Thanks!
Do you agree that more support is needed the softer the passage is?
btw - Hi Tony, great to see you here!
Well this will be a breath of fresh air. I appreciate that what Tony appears to be clarifying is not only the mechanics of support, but the semantics of the word.
Tony has also given a number of posts to the Klarinet list that help clarify what people are meaning in their description of tone color as well; that is another topic.
I will wait for the concluding post(s) on this initial entry before I contribute my two cents to the dialogue.
Free Clarinet Lessons and Digital Library!
Hi David -- yes, I think it can be worth trying more support for some softer passages.
But I'd rather leave the question open, and say that it can also depend on the register you're playing in, and also on whether the notes in the passage

########
Rank: 29
Score: 43.2053
Retrieved Text: Diaphragmatic breathing is one of the new buzz phrases surfacing aggressively these days. Why? What does it really mean? What is its importance to daily function and fitness?
Well, the Diaphragm is the principle muscle involved with breathing. That alone is why we should be paying attention to it! The Diaphragm is a dome shaped muscle that separates the chest and abdominal cavities and attaches from the Xiphoid process (base of the sternum) all around inner surface of the 6 lower ribs and costal cartilages.
When relaxed, the dome rises up into rib cage, when we inhale that dome is pulled down toward the abdominal cavity which essentially makes the rib cage expand allowing the lungs to take in more air. Ideally, the expansion will be three dimensional with particular attention to the ribs moving out to the sides.
On the exhale, the dome releases back into the chest cavity, the rib cage collapses expelling the air out of the lungs as the ribs move closer together.
This is not the same as Belly Breathing where the abdominal wall expands forward (distention) and too little resistance is offered to the diaphragm which reduces the ability for it to contract efficiently.
Often, poor breathing patterns accompany or contribute to low back pain, therefore the relationship of the Diaphragm to the rest of the core is an important one. The deep core, or more specifically the Inner Unit, is the complex grouping of specific muscles in the abdominal cavity that are responsible for stabilizing the lumbar spine and pelvis.
The muscles that form the

================



======= Instance Index 1899 =========
Input Text: The accelerator was controller via a hand throttle, and the foot pedals controlled the steering in the small what?
Choose the most suitable option to answer the above question.
Options:
- car
- fuel system
- accelerate
- boat
- airplane

Target Text: airplane

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 53.63525
Retrieved Text: Most vehicles sold today do not have a direct physical connection between the accelerator pedal and the engine's throttle. Instead, command signals from the accelerator pedal are sent to the engine controller and the engine's throttle is controlled by an electric motor. When engines or vehicles are tested in dynamometer cells, it is no longer necessary to have a robot or actuator pushing on the accelerator pedal if these accelerator pedal signals can be simulated.
ECM's appsCAN module simulates accelerator pedal position signals based on CAN commands sent to it from the dynamometer controller, or a voltage input, or a potentiometer input. Up to four analog outputs and four PWM outputs can be simulated. For fail-safe reasons, all accelerator pedals output at least two signals. Coordination of these signals must be maintained to avoid triggering an engine fault code. ECM's appsCAN module supports synchronous signal operation which maintains coordination of these signals. In addition, all analog outputs from accelerator pedals are ratiometric. This means that the pedal's analog outputs must scale with voltage reference(s) sent from the engine controller. ECM's appsCAN module's analog outputs can be ratiometric based on up to four external measured reference voltages or absolute voltages based on internal references.
ECM's appsCAN module can also serve as a general-purpose four-channel analog input, four-channel analog output, four-channel PWM output device, and for the conversion of CAN parameters to scaled 0-5V analog outputs. Therefore, other dynamometer and test schedule functions can be controlled using the module.
ECM supplies PC configuration software to set up (ex. recalibrate) the modules.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 53.025795
Retrieved Text: Barry Rowland of the Sim Racing Garage reviews the Club Sport Pedals V3 by Fanatec.
The third iteration of the now famous ClubSport Pedals are often referred to as the best piece of sim racing kit for its money. To find out if this is true, Barry takes the pedals through the SRG review routine before sharing his final thoughts.
Final thoughts on the Clubsport V3 pedal set from Fanatec. Right out of the box, this is a very nice looking pedal set. Keeping in line with most of Fanatec’s products, the fit and finish is professionally done. I was happy to see a lack of plastic parts on the build of this unit. And the all metal construction with solid steel rods tying the aluminum sides together, gives this set a nice rigid feel.
When driving the V3’s I could not detect any flex from the pedal levers or frame components. A definite plus in my book. Using either heel and toe, or left foot braking techniques when you are driving, did not cause any drama for the V3’s. The overall pedal feel out of the box was on the soft side of my preferences. With only the clutch pedal having a feel that I didn’t immediately want to change.
The brake pedal with the stock bumpers installed felt too soft. Even with the brake pre load screw turned to the maximum stiffness setting. The throttle pedal felt too soft and the throw was a bit long for me. I did install the black spring, but still wanted more

########
Rank: 2
Score: 50.079945
Retrieved Text: A simple and cost effective solution for people with limited leg movement; there are a wide variety of vehicle adaptations that can be used to overcome problems with pedal restrictions. From bespoke alterations to your pedals or a simple change to a left foot accelerator, enabling the driver to operate the throttle with the left foot while the original accelerator pedal is safely out of the way. Designed to be easily removed or flipped up to allow standard right foot acceleration when required.
If you have limited leg function, mechanical push/pull hand controls are an ideal and inexpensive solution. Fitted to either the left or right of the steering wheel within easy reach, the device is pulled back to accelerate and pushed forward to apply the brake enabling a smooth and effortless operation of the foot pedals without using your legs. The systems are designed primarily for vehicles fitted with an automatic gearbox and can if required feature indicators, horn, dip and main beam functions.
With the same function as the Push/Pull accelerator, Electronic Accelerators are considered to be the next generation in advanced adaptations. An electronic ring accelerator provides light non-tiring acceleration and is also designed to blend in with the vehicle standard interior. Two options are available: a ring is fitted either over the steering wheel where you push to accelerate, or underneath the steering wheel for pull to accelerate, both combined with a push brake which automatically cancels the vehicle acceleration.
If you have a manual mobility vehicle and do not want to change vehicles, it

########
Rank: 3
Score: 44.53867
Retrieved Text: SteelSeries delivers a somewhat weird gaming peripheral; a handheld steering wheel without floor pedals. The Simraceway SRW-S1 is designed as an affordable, high-performance PC controller, it has a hand-controlled paddle system on the rear of the wheel and has over 20 on-wheel buttons and dials.
SteelSeries, the leading manufacturer of premium-quality, competitive gaming peripherals and Ignite Game Technologies, creators of groundbreaking auto racing platform Simraceway®, today introduced the Simraceway® SRW-S1 Steering Wheel, an affordable, high-performance PC controller that aims to open up a whole new racing world to players frustrated by the limitations of joypads.
A handheld hybrid racing controller that combines the features and functions of a high-end wheel with the portability and convenience of a joypad, the SRW-S1 includes a motion-sensor for steering and a patent-pending throttle and brake paddle system for a fully simulated driving experience without the need for floor pedals.
Designed, tested and approved by a team of champion drivers, including four-time IndyCar Series winner Dario Franchitti, double Indy 500 Champion, the late, great and much missed, Dan Wheldon, and SimRacing stars David Greco and Bruno Marques, the new wheel brings racing game players complete customizability and original features that will enhance their PC racing experience.
“When we set out in 2008 to create a new kind of racing game, one of the first issues we had to confront was the age-old ‘interface problem’,” said Ignite CEO Jonathan Haswell. “For decades now, racing game players have been faced with the unenviable choice of spending a huge amount of money on a wheel-and-pedal set that is

########
Rank: 4
Score: 43.728123
Retrieved Text: The Curtis throttle assembly provides an analog 0-5V output proportional to throttle position for interfacing with motor speed controllers.
This electronic throttle is ideal for use in material handling, golf cars, on-road and other electric vehicle applications which require a 0-5V input for speed control.
Curtis Model FP foot pedals are designed and manufactured to achieve unprecedented reliability in off-highway vehicles. Curtis foot pedals provide a wide variety of mechanical solutions and easy integration with Curtis motor controllers.
Curtis Model FP-10 foot pedals are designed to be a reliable, safe and easy-to-install throttle for industrial battery powered vehicles. Model FP-10 offers dual return springs with fault detection on those springs to allow throttle fault detection as well as the ability to implement a “limp-home” mode.
The Electronic Code Switch is designed for safe machine control and to help prevent unauthorized access of the machine. If a machine is taken out of service, it is possible to block all functions except for the master code to reactivate the device.
The Electronic Code Switch is ideal for: forklift trucks, tow tractors, golf carts, IC engine vehicles, stationary equipment, pedestrian vehicles, aerial platforms, plant hire, sweepers, agricultural equipment, turfcare equipment, and Scooters.
A high specification foot pedal throttle assembly, ideal for tough environments like material handling. Ideal for use with Curtis motor controllers.
Fork trucks, golf carts, hybrid electric vehciles.
Model WW is a long life 0-5kΩ wigwag throttle which provides an output for motion in both directions. The conductive plastic element in conjunction with unique wiper and shaft support design provides a durable throttle with longer

########
Rank: 5
Score: 43.34236
Retrieved Text: If you cast a net over the sim racing landscape these days you'll inevitably come across a large array of talented and fast drivers competing on many levels and platforms. If you've ever found yourself watching race replays and wondering 'how the hell is that driver so fast?' it's often because of one key truth: They know how to setup a car and understand the relationship between control input and car handling.
Don't get me wrong raw talent and ability certainly play a central role but there is no question that complete drivers also understand the mechanics of not only how to setup a race car, but also what adjustments to make based on 'feel'.
I’m going to lay out on the table some tips that I believe have helped me to become a faster sim racer over these past few years. I hope in time to expand on this subject and delve deeper into the inner workings of car setup, tuning and driving techniques.
Some have noted that I have picked up the game (Assetto Corsa) quickly, but that's not without some initial pain and suffering. Admittedly it took quite a bit of time adapting what I already knew about driving to this new game. Understanding setups is a huge part of AC, there are loads of them out there on the web (with loads of them now totally irrelevant due to the game updates that we have seen), or perhaps so particular to the sim drivers’ rig and setup that most people (myself included) find them undrivable.
What

########
Rank: 6
Score: 42.816612
Retrieved Text: The Gembird STR-MV-02 wired racing wheel gives you the definitive racing sim experience for the PlayStation 2, 3 and PC.
Experience a new level of racing that far exceeds your regular controller. The STR-MV-02 for PlayStation / PC is designed to take on the latest console racing game. Feel every corner (or bump) with the in-build vibration and don’t forget to keep the foot down with the added bonus of the precise pedals, these could make the difference to securing pole position.
As well as breaking track records, this steering wheel also features a gear shift stick which will help you with them quick gear changes whilst tackling them corners.
Compatible with the PlayStation 2 / 3 and PC, so what are you waiting for.
On your marks….Get set….. GO.
Steering wheel with built-in vibration and gear stick.
3 interfaces in one wheel: PC (USB), PS2, PS3.
Automatic game console detection without switching.
Spring-loaded pedals with accelerator and brakes functions.
2-axis, 12 buttons with view hat.
PS Button for direct access to the PS3 menu in PS3.
Built-in dual vibration for realistic driving experience.
Sturdy heavy construction and strong suction cup fixation.
Interface: PC (USB), PlayStation 2/3.
Wheel diameter 220 mm (9").
Supports: Digital mode and Analog mode in PS2, Direct-X mode and X-input mode in PC.
Power consumption: 5 V DC up to 180 mA.
Steering wheel cable length: 1.9 m.
Foot pedal unit cable length: 1.7 m.
Product size: 250 x 245 x 275 mm (LxHxW).
For PC: USB port; Windows Windows XP/Vista/7/8/10.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 42.700542
Retrieved Text: The Xbox 360 Wireless Racing Wheel was developed by Microsoft for the Xbox 360 and was introduced at E3 2006. Released in November 2006, the force feedback steering wheel controller includes the standard gamepad buttons along with floor-mounted accelerator and brake pedals.
Your one stop source for auto racing parts, equipment and supplies. Pegasus Auto Racing Supplies carries the largest in-stock selection. Check us out today!
One of the most important items in your car is the steering wheel. The right touch and feel is important to fully appreciate and enjoy driving of you special car.
A steering wheel (also called a driving wheel or a hand wheel) is a type of steering control in vehicles and vessels (ships and boats).. Steering wheels are used in most modern land vehicles, including all mass-production automobiles, as well as buses, light and heavy trucks, and tractors.
Banjo Style Steering Wheel Steering wheels are the first revenue transforming your driving or racing skills to the vehicle. 9X100mm Steering Wheel Bolt Pattern.
Suede Series. Grant Products International releases complete line up of new "Suede Series" wheels for all drivers. The "Suede Series" offers each driver premium suede wrapped wheel, hand stitched custom colored thread, and a contoured grip for the ultimate comfort and performance.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 40.364967
Retrieved Text: How long is the travel distance of a pedal of a Formula 1 car?
How long is the travel of the pedals on a Formula 1 racing car?
The break pedal is very stiff and only moves around a centimeter for all teams and drivers. For throttle there is more variance and it's hard to give a definitive value. The clutch is not a foot operated pedal, but a hand operated handle behind the steering wheel.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 40.255394
Retrieved Text: Asking on behalf of my brother, anyone know of any decent N64 emulators for the Mad Katz Mojo.
GameShark is the brand name of a line of video game enhancers and.
Anyone who is anyone in the gaming industry has heard of Mad Catz.
Best of all, Bassmasters 2000 is the only N64 fishing game to feature a two-player mode. including one specifically for the Mad Catz Rumble Rod.
Mad Catz Steering Wheel - A set consisting of an analog steering wheel that turns 270 degrees, two foot pedals, and a stick shift.Mad Catz survival is unsure as it fails to meet monthly figures - everything is hanging on Rock Band 4.
Nintendo 64 games. List of. the brand name is owned by Mad Catz, Inc. who is actively.
The Mad Catz Pro Circuit Gamepad has a number of unique features including swappable components.Find great deals on eBay for mad catz steering wheel and xbox 360 steering wheel and pedals.
Listen or download Mad Catz Mojo Emulaotry Snes Gba Ds Ps1 Psp N64 music song for free.Buy Mad Catz Saitek Pro Flight X-55 Rhino H.O.T.A.S. (Hands on Throttle and Stick) System for PC with fast shipping and top-rated customer service. Newegg.Now that origional N64 controllers are rarer than gold, 3rd party options are looking more viable. Mad Catz, long known for their affordable hardware alternatives and questionable quality, have.Well, if your reading this, then your about to learn how to fix that old Nintendo 64 controller with the analog stick that flops around.
We feel you are undecided and confused because the information on

########
Rank: 10
Score: 40.09337
Retrieved Text: Basically the cited regulations treat the engine as black box. As long as the torque output of the power unit matches the request from the driver (accelerator pedal). I don‘t get why it‘s so hard to believe that the accelerator pedal is not directly linked to the throttle bodies.
I didn‘t know about the exception under full load, thanks for pointing that one out hollus. This explains why some cars get slower at the end of the straights, when the energy recovery kicks in (brake light flashes), even before the drivers break.
The (power unit torque demand 5.5 -1 -2 -3 -4 and 5.6.1 I posted are all from 2019 regulations and they clearly show that a 50% driver throttle pedal demand and a throttle map giving 100% engine throttle is not allowed.
Absolutely not. The regs only talk about "torque", "torque demand" and "driven wheels". Nowhere do they mention the throttles of the ICE or the torque output of the ICE - it is always output of the PU which is a box containing the ICE, the MGUH, the MGUK, the ES and the electronic control system.
In summary the rules specify the relationship between the "throttle" pedal and the output from the PU.
Very interesting dissertation I've only just started to read that I thought I'd share with everyone. This thesis was written in 2018 with the help and support of Ferrari. I'm only about 20 pages in after a quick scan through, but it seems very well written and offers a glimpse of what is allowed and not

########
Rank: 11
Score: 39.064808
Retrieved Text: Company “Systems of Control – ConSys” can provide you with the accelerator control devices of any configuration.
Accelerator – the regulator of the amount of combustible mixture entering the cylinders of an internal combustion engine. It designed to change the engine speed (the speed of the machine).
Accelerator control system necessarily has a gas pedal / shifter / joystick / control knob, by pressing on which increases the amount of air-fuel mixture supplied to the combustion chamber of internal combustion engines.
Currently, there are many accelerator control options, but the most common – is the conventional mechanical pedal with rods or cables, as well as electronic pedal. The special equipment is widely used manual control modules driven by levers, shifters, etc.
The following is a description of these devices offered now “Systems of Control – ConSys“.
Mechanical pedal designed by the renowned firm Felsted and is widely used for heavy-duty trucks, buses, agricultural machinery, construction equipment, and virtually all other mechanisms, which can be controlled with the foot drive. For versatility pedal is rotatable by 360 ° around the axis.
Offered shifters (Figure 1) have the ability to work as a discrete (moving the control cable on a step) and continuously (by moving the control cable to any amount up to the maximum cable travel). Shifters design can be for light loads (with cables series 4) and heavy loads (with a series of cables 6).
For convenience shifters are equipped with LED indication of cable position.
Electronic Throttle Control – electronic accelerator control (connection between the gas pedal and the fuel system is carried

########
Rank: 12
Score: 39.003292
Retrieved Text: Here at Bristol Street Versa we are able to provide and fit a wide range of mobility enhancing vehicle adaptations and accessories into your car or wheelchair accessible vehicle. Whatever your specific needs are, its likely that there will be a vehicle adaptation designed to make your life easier. To help make you aware of the types of car adaptations for disabled drivers that are available when choosing a vehicle, weve put together a brief guide with all the introductory information about vehicle adaptations youll need.
What is a vehicle adaptation?
Access adaptations  Adaptations designed to make it easier for a person to get in and out of a vehicle.
Stowage adaptations  Adaptations that alter and improve a vehicles storage facilities, to allow for wheelchair and scooter stowage.
Driving adaptations  Fittings installed to make it possible or easier for a person to drive.
Vehicle adaptations come in a number of different types to suit. Below, weve broken down vehicle adaptions into the access, stowage, and driving areas, and included specific fixtures within these.
Swivel seats allow for easy access to the vehicle for wheelchair users, scooter users, and for those with limited mobility. A swivel seat is a seat that is able to be turned to face out from the vehicle, making it easier to get in and out. Swivel seats can either be manually powered or motor powered, and can be designed so the base of the seat allows for a wheelchair to be inserted.
Electric hoists are fittings that physically lift a person into a vehicle. Generally, these

########
Rank: 13
Score: 39.00225
Retrieved Text: Designed by Orville Lee Floyd III, the Para-Cycle flies as a powered parachute, using a 400 sq.ft rectangular chute from Performance Design Inc, powered by a 40 hp two stroke engine. It pedals on the ground as a three wheel, twenty-one speed tricycle, and drives at up to 15 mph powered by an optional electric hub motor and rechargeable 24 volt battery.
The prototype was shown at Oshkosh 1997. On the prototype the pedals are loosened from the bicycle crank and become the parachute foot controls.
Robert Baslee of Airdrome Airplanes has teamed with Lee to provide engineering and manufacturing support. The power cage has progressed through several changes.
Bike type steering on the ground is conventional with a long-throw handle bar that supports the engine throttle in the left hand and wheel brake and electronic speed control for the optional ground mode electric propulsion in the right hand.
The right and left red lines, attached to the disconnected foot pedals on the preproduction prototype, pulls the canopy’s leading edge corners, which controls turns.
Changes to be incorporated in the production models included widening the gear track from 47 in to 57 in, lowering the engine 4 in for better ground stability, increasing the airframe tube diameter from 1.25 in to 1.5 in, changing the prop cage from six sided to round. A front hydraulic brake will be optional, the front end length will be customised to the customer, and a larger 452 sq.ft chute will allow up to 250 lb payload.
Alternatives to the standard 40 hp 2si 460F-40 engine will

########
Rank: 14
Score: 38.649097
Retrieved Text: This control module was designed to override the TCM and allow full manual control of the Allison torque converter clutch at any time while driving. Full factory/automatic mode is still retained for normal driving, but in the event that you want to immediately lock or unlock the converter, you can do so at the push of a button, regardless of what the current state of the TCM and TCC solenoid is.
Over the past several years, the BT DieselWorks Allison torque converter lockup controller has become very well known and proven to be very successful in the Duramax/Allison sled-pulling and drag racing world.
Both sled pullers and drag racers alike will find this module very useful. Depending on the converter and TCM programming, sometimes lockup is not actually achieved until 60+ MPH and the top of 3rd gear. This is extremely counter productive and wastes power. It is a well known fact that the Allison TCM sometimes does not do what it is told or programmed to do…under high HP conditions during drag racing or sled pulling, TCC lockup (among other things) can be extremely unpredictable. The BT DieselWorks Allison TCC lockup switch removes all doubt as to when the TCC will actually lockup and unlock.
The module is fully microprocessor-controlled and has many "smart" features, as well as various user-programmable options to make it both effective and intuitive to use. The BT DieselWorks lockup controller incorporates a solid-state PWM (pulse width modulated) driver so the TCC solenoid is controlled in an identical manner to which the factory Allison

########
Rank: 15
Score: 38.305347
Retrieved Text: The legality of Otto’s tests of self-driving trucks on California public roads may hinge on how involved its test drivers are during the driving process. Although company co-founder Anthony Levandowski has assured officials with the state’s Department of Motor Vehicles that Otto’s test drivers are “actively and physically pressing the accelerator” during testing, an internal document suggests that’s not the case.
The document, obtained via a public records request, details the operations policies for Otto, a San Francisco–based subsidiary of Uber formed to pursue self-driving-truck technology. The policies instruct test drivers to prepare for disengagements of the driving system by keeping “a hand near the wheel while hovering your foot over the pedal,” which runs contrary to Levandowski’s description.
Written in April 2016 by Ryan Espinosa, an Otto operations manager, the policy explicitly directs drivers to avoid making any control inputs while the system is running. “Do not apply steering, throttle, or brake input while in cruise without disengaging,” it reads.
Reached Friday afternoon, an Otto spokesperson said the company would have no further comment.
Whether drivers are actively involved or merely passively monitoring the system is a crucial distinction, one that is part of a broader examination of whether Otto’s testing runs afoul of the state’s autonomous-testing regulations. Otto does not hold a permit to test autonomous vehicles on California public roads, nor is it eligible to apply for one, because state regulations prohibit the testing of autonomous vehicles with a gross weight of more than 10,001 pounds.
Although Otto has a stated goal of eventually creating software that runs

########
Rank: 16
Score: 38.26993
Retrieved Text: How the pilots in The Super Dimension Fortress Macross controls the VF1 in Battroid mode?
In Fighter and GERWALK modes, a Valkyrie pilot controls the craft from a traditional aircraft-style cockpit, but how is this achieved in Battroid mode? The upright mode allows for precise humanoid movement, but is it done by using the same cockpit controls (stick/pedals) as with the other modes, or is there more to it?
Foot pedals and sticks are a large part of it, but the helmet included a neural interface which allowed the more finessed control. Max Sterling's exceptional abilities as a pilot were, in part, attributed to his ability to drop into the appropriate mental state (I want to say Theta waves) better than the average person.
It brought to mind what Roy had told Rick about the Robotech flight helmet - the thinking cap: "You don't just pilot a Robotech ship, you live it."
"The secret's that helmet," Roy said. "You generate general movements or sequences with your controls, but the Robotechnology takes its real guidance straight from your thoughts. You've got to think your ship through the things you want it to do."
In what was certainly the most complicated set of mecha-motions executed to date, Max Sterling had managed to clothe his Battloid in the uniform he had taken from the Zentraedi private. That he had succeeded so completely in wedding his mind to the mecha controls was justification enough for the many articles later devoted to the feat, but the fact that he had accomplished this within the confines of

########
Rank: 17
Score: 38.110336
Retrieved Text: ﻿ers will need to understand the overall impact to claims, which is a function of the frequency of accidents, and it's likely that claims will decline with these systems," Blecher says. "On the other hand, repair costs could rise due to the technology required to support ADAS systems, especially since many ADAS sensors are placed in vulnerable portions of the vehicle, like the bumper and radiator grill. "The study is expected to be thorough, which means it won't be quick. It's projected to last for several years. It's not that I was suspicious.
Should they also have used a dynamic analysis tool? If you take the time to read the full report, let me know your thoughts. Exonerating electronics leaves sticking accelerator pedals and accelerator pedals trapped by floor mats as the primary causes of unintended acceleration, at least for now. NHTSA and NASA plan to brief members of a National Academy of Sciences panel that is also studying unintended acceleration and electronic throttle control. And based on their findings, NHT.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 37.91525
Retrieved Text: Landshut, Germany – 26.08.2016 – Fanatec today introduced three new products of the CSL Elite Series, expanding their product range priced below their high-end ClubSport Series.
The CSL Elite products are introduced together with the European Launch of Assetto Corsa for Consoles and in partnership with this title, as it is the perfect match. Therefore, the new product launch comes with a great bundle, the CSL Elite Wheel Assetto Corsa Edition. It comes with a free Assetto Corsa Xbox One version hard-copy as a bundle discount in EU, USA/Canada and Australia for the first pre-order customers. The Bundle contains the CSL Elite Wheel Base, the CSL Elite Pedals, the CSL Elite Pedals Loadcell Kit and the CSL Steering Wheel P1 for Xbox One. It is compatible with PC and Xbox One®.
The CSL Elite Wheel Base makes Fanatec High-End functionality affordable. Positioned below the ClubSport Wheel Base V2, but more powerful than the V1, the CSL Elite Wheel Base is certainly powerful enough to handle all CSL and ClubSport steering wheels.It comes with the automotive grade quick release system ​established by Fanatecs ClubSport series and therefore is compatible with all CSL and ClubSport Steering Wheels. The powerful brushless servo motor in combination with the single belt dr​ive, delivers incredibly smooth and super-fast Force Feedback effects with instant acceleration, eliminating dead spots. The turning maximum is 1080° of rotation, adjustable in the wheel tuning menu during gameplay from 90° to 1080°. A new feature are the rev lights built into the top cover of the Wheel Base allowing RPM

########
Rank: 19
Score: 37.67715
Retrieved Text: When piloting a vehicle remotely, it’s only natural to tilt your controller one way or the other to “help” guide it in the right direction. While usually this has no effect whatsoever, YouTuber Electronoobs decided to take this concept and run with it, creating a remote control transmitter that responds to an onboard MPU-6050 inertial measurement unit.
The transmitter’s Arduino Nano takes movement data, and sends the corresponding signals to a custom receiver board on the RC car via a pair of HC-12 wireless modules. A second Arduino mounted in the car then commands the vehicle’s DC motors with the help of an H-bridge.
This is a radio controller that has 2 analog channels and the data is out from a MPU-6050 gyro module. So, we could control a toy car for example just by rotating the controller. I usually use the nRF24 module, but in this project I also want to show you how to use the HC-12 module. You will learn how to get the IMU data, how to use the HC-12 radio connection and how to control 2 DC motors using PWM signals and an H-bridge.
It’s quite a versatile build, and it can even be set up to output PWM signals if you need to interface with more advanced electronics.
But if you did own a plane, or at least work at a small airport, you’d know that moving the things around on the ground is kind of a hassle. Smaller planes can be pulled by hand, but once they get up to a certain size

########
Rank: 20
Score: 37.39699
Retrieved Text: Electronic throttle control (ETC) is an automobile technology which electronically "connects" the accelerator pedal to the throttle, replacing a mechanical linkage. A typical ETC system consists of three major components: (i) an accelerator pedal module (ideally with two or more independent sensors), (ii) a throttle valve that can be opened and closed by an electric motor (sometimes referred to as an electric or electronic throttle body (ETB)), and (iii) a powertrain or engine control module (PCM or ECM). The ECM is a type of electronic control unit (ECU), which is an embedded system that employs software to determine the required throttle position by calculations from data measured by other sensors, including the accelerator pedal position sensors, engine speed sensor, vehicle speed sensor, and cruise control switches. The electric motor is then used to open the throttle valve to the desired angle via a closed-loop control algorithm within the ECM.
The benefits of electronic throttle control are largely unnoticed by most drivers because the aim is to make the vehicle power-train characteristics seamlessly consistent irrespective of prevailing conditions, such as engine temperature, altitude, and accessory loads. Electronic throttle control is also working 'behind the scenes' to dramatically improve the ease with which the driver can execute gear changes and deal with the dramatic torque changes associated with rapid accelerations and decelerations.
Electronic throttle control facilitates the integration of features such as cruise control, traction control, stability control, and precrash systems and others that require torque management, since the throttle can be moved irrespective of the position of the driver's accelerator pedal. ETC provides some benefit

########
Rank: 21
Score: 37.07264
Retrieved Text: By GP1 only the response of the vehicle is changed. The power is not increased by the incorporation of an accelerator tuning.
Since 2002 by the most manufacturers the accelerator works no longer mechanically, directly via linkage or cable, instead via the engine control unit on the throttle elements (for gasoline engines) or via the injection system (diesel engines). These so-called "drive by wire" systems are often subject to a perceptible signal delay. The SPEED-BUSTER GP1 is directly connected to the accelerator pedal and optimized independently the signal of the electronic accelerator pedal, causing the engine control unit is induced to another control function. This results in a much more direct response of the vehicle.
1. Locate the throttle sensor in the foot space. This is right on the accelerator pedal.
2. Loosen the connector from the accelerator pedal.
3. Now plug the connector from the GP1 in the accelerator pedal sensor.
4. Then connect the plug to the original GP1.
5. Then install the GP1 and the switch to an appropriate position.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 36.945618
Retrieved Text: One of the keys to good race driving is smoothness, and this most certainly applies to the use of the brake and accelerator pedals.
On the street, braking and accelerating are done at relatively low levels compared to the vehicle's capability. The tire's traction limits are rarely maxed out. Sure, you can romp on the gas and spin the tires at a light, or slam on the brakes and slide the car a little, but its very easy to bring the car back under control because the amount of traction you need versus what you have is quite low. In other words, you back way off and you're usually right back in control.
In the rain, or especially the snow, you know you have to be much gentler and smoother with the brakes and with the accelerator. If you lose control on a wet or snowy surface, it can be much harder to regain control. There is much less traction to work with.
Braking and accelerating when racing on a road race course, even when dry, is treated something like driving on a wet surface--gently and smoothly. Braking and accelerating are used in conjunction with the corners--you brake going into them and accelerate coming out of them. Because the objective is to have the car moving as fast as possible through the corner, the tires will be utilizing most of the available traction (done right they should be using 100% of the available traction, some would say about 104% which will make sense when we talke more about tires).

########
Rank: 23
Score: 36.77221
Retrieved Text: The hand foot lever system of the car is an important spare part of the car. If you are looking to turn the vehicle towards the left or the right, you will need to indicate the same to the followers by pressing the left or the right indicators. These indicators are part of the steering column. They are used to connect the steering wheel of your car to the steering mechanism. The steering column is the space where multi-function switch, gauges, transmission gear selector, etc., are also fitted. It is advised that car owners only buy genuine and certified lever systems for their car. Buying them from online stores like car-parts.ie will help them to get quality car parts at the most affordable prices.
There are many different types of hand foot lever systems on offer for cars. They are designed to offer specific functions and features.Combi-steering column switch is a unit that comes with headlight flasher, indicator function and horn options. They are bent into shape.You can also find a combi-switch option with the light dimmer option as well as headlight flashing options.Mounting type switch indicator without any extension and just a manual switch option. Throttle pedals for manual transmission cars with sensors to offer optimum performance on pressing and releasing of the pedal. Quality pedal parts that suit various types of cars. They are made using high-quality rubber and have the right grooves to offer you strong foot grip whenever you use them. Push control type air horn switch that offers a very good horn

########
Rank: 24
Score: 36.63964
Retrieved Text: Summary: Complaints received by ODI and Audi allege that, in extreme cold weather, the throttle may unexpectedly fail to return to idle when the accelerator pedal is released, making it difficult to stop the vehicle.in March of 2004, Audi performed a series of tests to investigate the possible causes of throttle icing.Audi concluded that under certain driving conditions - only short distance trips over several weeks where coolant temperature remains below 70�C (158�F) - water may accumulate in the motor oil. Water that has accumulated in the motor oil will evaporate after the engine oil temperature exceeds 70�C (158�F) and could, within 15 to 20 minutes of driving at a constant speed with an outside temperature below -20�C (-4of), cause ice to form in the throttle body.according to Audi, this condition occurs at relatively low throttle settings and results in throttle sticking at positions that can be controlled by braking.during typical vehicle usage (mixture of short and long distance driving) this phenomenon is not expected to occur.this investigation has been upgraded to an engineering analysis.
Summary: Vwoa has recalled approximately 28,300 MY 1998-99 A6 vehicles in cold weather states that experienced the highest rate of throttle icing incidents in the subject vehicles (04V-495).the failure rate in the A4 and passat vehicles is much lower than in the recalled vehicles.ODI will continue to monitor the experience in the A4 and passat vehicles.the closing of this investigation does not constitute a finding by NHTSA that no safety-related defect exists for the Audi A4 or VW passat vehicles.the Agency reserves

########
Rank: 25
Score: 36.499928
Retrieved Text: Analog slot car track systems work by controlling the cars' speed with variable voltage on the rails. All the cars on the same rails will receive the same voltage and cannot be controlled independently. The power base simply connects power to each rail via the variable resistor in each hand-controller. The electricity to the car flows through the hand-controller. The cars have a "guide blade" (Carrera GO slot cars have a "pin"), a small keel, near the front that sits in the slot when the car is on the track. This keel follows the slot to guide and steer the car around a racing circuit. With analog slot car sets, the main concern is your car and your track: maintaining the car's balance as you find the perfect braking point and the best way to bring back the throttle out of the corner. While you may be wary of a car in the adjacent lane, the main attention is on your own car and the track.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 36.26307
Retrieved Text: I am still having difficulty in wrapping my brain around how to assign my foot controller. I have had it set in Global to CC#11, but am now discovering that in certain Programs or Combis I would like the controller to control other things than simply Expression. if I set the foot controller to CC#04 in Global Mode, will I be able to assign it in a Program to volume or any other function I may find the need to?
Some controls are fixed assignments and others are assignable only over global channel.
You may have a chance if you find a parameter with an AMS option as foot switch or pedal . Or find a control assignable in program or tone adjust with foot controls on the list of assignments.
Like having SW 1&2 assigned to knobs or the knobs assigned to SW 1&2. If you move the knob, it will light up or light out the SW light. One control controls the other control and whatever CC# is under the remote controlled controller, will be messaged out.
You may not be always lucky with foot control as I saw in parameter guide page 1113. But it says you can have some luck if you find AMS with your foot controller on the source list. D.MOD in effects.
It also says that setting to CC#04 is the place to start for the program level AMS assignments available.
Page 1110 parameter guide days CC# 17,19,20 & 21 are knob 5-8 CC#'s.
If you set foot control to any of these CC#'s then go

########
Rank: 27
Score: 35.98027
Retrieved Text: The U.S. Department of Transportation has analyzed dozens of data recorders from Toyota Motor Corp. vehicles involved in accidents blamed on sudden acceleration and found that at the time of the crashes, throttles were wide open and the brakes were not engaged, people familiar with the findings said.
The results suggest that some drivers who said their Toyota and Lexus vehicles surged out of control were mistakenly flooring the accelerator when they intended to jam on the brakes. But the findings don’t exonerate Toyota from two known issues blamed for sudden acceleration in its vehicles: sticky accelerator pedals and floor mats that can trap accelerator pedals to the floor.
Associated Press A recalled Toyota gas pedal is posed next to a recalled Toyota Avalon at a dealership in Palo Alto, Calif.
The findings by the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration involve a sample of reports in which a driver of a Toyota vehicle said the brakes were depressed but failed to stop the car from accelerating and ultimately crashing.
The data recorders analyzed by NHTSA were selected by the agency, not Toyota, based on complaints the drivers had filed with the government.
The findings are consistent with a 1989 government-sponsored study that blamed similar driver mistakes for a rash of sudden-acceleration reports involving Audi 5000 sedans.
The Toyota findings, which haven’t been released by NHTSA, support Toyota’s position that sudden-acceleration reports involving its vehicles weren’t caused by electronic glitches in computer-controlled throttle systems, as some safety advocates and plaintiffs’ attorneys have alleged. More than 100 people have sued the auto maker claiming

########
Rank: 28
Score: 35.953094
Retrieved Text: Towing Safety Guidelines from the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration | Trailers | Tractor Supply Co.
Drive at moderate speeds to place less strain on your tow vehicle and trailer. Trailer instability - sway - is more likely at higher speeds.
Make wider turns at curves and corners. Because your trailer's wheels are closer to the inside of a turn than the wheels of your tow vehicle, they are more likely to hit or ride up over curbs.
Control swaying caused by air pressure changes and wind buffeting when larger vehicles pass from either direction by taking your foot off the accelerator. Keep a firm grip on the steering wheel.
If excessive sway occurs and you have an electric trailer brake controller, activate the trailer brake controller by hand. Do not attempt to control trailer sway by applying the tow vehicle brakes; this generally makes the sway worse.
Avoid passing on steep upgrades or downgrades.
Put your hand at the bottom of the steering wheel. To turn left, move your hand left. To turn right, move your hand right.
Use slight movements of the steering wheel to adjust direction. Exaggerated movements will cause greater movement of the trailer. If you have difficulty, pull forward and realign the tow vehicle and trailer and start again.
Once stopped, but before shifting into park, have someone place blocks on the downhill side of the trailer wheels. Apply the parking brake, shift into park, and then remove your foot from the brake pedal. Following this parking sequence is important to make sure your vehicle does not become locked

########
Rank: 29
Score: 35.71376
Retrieved Text: For my final project, I wanted to make an instrument that used my MIDI foot selector to act as a multi-effects pedal that could also be "loaded up" with various song structures to aide in performance. The effects that I wished to implement were: a voice-controlled reverb, an expression pedal-controlled pitch shifter, and a voice-controlled low pass filter (LPF). For my audio input source, I used an Alesis iO|26 audio interface for a microphone and electric guitar channels. For the audio output, I used the PLOrk U46 hemi speaker. I wrote a code that extracts the RMS value of the microphone input FFT and uses this value to manipulate various parameters of the amplified guitar sound. Therefore, as one sings louder into the microphone input, the reverb dry/wet mix or the cutoff frequency for the LPF increases. The pitch-shifter is controlled by one of the expression pedals on my MIDI foot controller.
Originally, I had set out to create a controller that would just allow me to take the sound of my electric guitar and manipulate it in a bunch of different ways using extracted data from the audio input signal (microphone) and expression pedals on my MIDI foot controller. However, when I began to compose a “mini song” for the demonstration of this instrument, I began wanting to add more features that would allow me to use MIDI foot pedals to change drum beats, activate the effects, etc. Eventually, I became interested in writing a code that would allow me to perform various songs that I

================



======= Instance Index 598 =========
Input Text: He tried to jump his car, what terminal did he connect to after connecting the positive terminal?
Choose the most suitable option to answer the above question.
Options:
- bad
- uncertain
- possimism
- negative
- adverse

Target Text: negative

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 53.48764
Retrieved Text: Simple, Smart Jumper Cables Review - DELK, Inc.
What can happen if you hook up jumper cables wrong. Yep, and get a fancy way, click the cables backwards you connect one that the. Fortunately, you are from.
Let's say the red cable from the jumper cables is the positive terminal, and the black cable is the negative terminal. What are affected by connecting the car battery leads incorrectly? How do you fix a problem with a car battery that's connected wrong? What happens very similar if you connect two batteries like this.
Originally Posted by MN Man I put the cables on wrong while jump starting a shop DO NOT tell them you hooked the jumper cables the wrong way. and leave it up to them if they want me to do it or bring it somewhere else.
When you attach the wrong cables to the wrong nodes on a battery, it results in a very high current flow to the battery with a lower charge. The fuses in your fuse box are designed to burn out and break in the event of high surge of current in order to spare your vehicles components from frying.
They now sell “idiot-proof” jumper cables that won’t operate if you hook them up incorrectly. Jumper cable mistake may be costly proof” jumper cables that won’t operate if you.
Oh worst case, the battery blows up in your face when you hooked it up but it also depends on how you connected the jumper cables.
Tried to jump a friends battery, and my idiot friend hooked up

########
Rank: 1
Score: 49.646442
Retrieved Text: Linsheng Share Portable Jumper Starter Operation Guide - Yuyao Linsheng Electrical Co., Ltd.
Using a portable car jump starter kit to get your car up and running quickly is easy: connect the plug and clips and start the engine! You don't need any prior knowledge. Just follow the simple steps given below and you can use it.
Be sure to read the user manual provided with the portable starter before you actually begin this process. Make sure you know how specific models you have are recommended to clamp the alligator clip and how much voltage it produces on the output (matching the vehicle's battery voltage - almost 12 volts in all cases). If you are standing near any flammable source, do not use a portable car starter there. Even small sparks can cause a fire. We also recommend wearing goggles and clothing if possible.
Before connecting any wires or vehicle batteries, make sure the portable jumper starter is turned off. You also need to identify the positive (+) and negative (-) of the vehicle's battery. Once this is done, you are now ready to start the car and you can start using the jumper starter to connect the fixture.
First, connect the red alligator clip to the positive (+) terminal of the dead battery and the black alligator clip to any unpainted nut on the chassis (or the specified grounding wire - if found). However, if you are unable to connect it to a grounded source, you can connect it to the negative (-) terminal of the depleted battery. Next,

########
Rank: 2
Score: 47.541206
Retrieved Text: Knowing how to jump start another car is helpful when your spouse's car is in need of a jump start. It's easy to jump start a car, but if you aren't able to get it going after 3-4 tries, you should stop. Continuing to try jump starting could damage the car's electrical system.
To jump start a car, you must turn the vehicles off and set the parking brakes. Manual cars should be in neutral, and automatic cars should be in park. Attach the positive cable clamp to the positive terminal of the dead battery, then the other end of the positive cable to your car's positive terminal. It's not the same process for the negative cables. You must connect the negative cable to your car battery's terminal, then the other end to a metal section of the dead car's engine away from moving parts.
Now you can start your car and let the engine run for a couple of minutes. Slightly rev the engine while waiting. After giving the dead car a chance to charge, try starting the engine up to four times.
Remember that if it doesn't start after the fourth time, a dead battery may not be the problem. You can bring the car in to our service department at Hatfield Subaru if you need help getting it started or need to purchase a battery replacement. We are willing to jump start a car for you as well.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 45.533703
Retrieved Text: Why Would a Negative Battery Terminal Melt?
Cable connections for battery terminals are relatively simple, but problems can occur that will cause electrical shorts to melt a negative terminal. Fortunately, the solutions are usually simple as well.
Check all cables connected to both the positive and negative battery terminals. This would include the main power cable from the starter to the positive terminal and the ground cable from the negative terminal. Old, frayed cable ends may have exposed wires, which will cause arcing to other metal parts, resulting in a melted battery terminal.
Although engine compartment designs allow for a safe battery placement that will not cause electrical shorts, after-market batteries can vary in size and height. A battery that is too close to the hood will cause a short in battery terminals when the hood is closed. This is especially true for after-market batteries that come with a plastic cradle.
Connecting jumper cables to the wrong battery terminals will also result in a melted battery terminal.
If the main power cable from the starter or the ground cable appear worn or frayed, replace them.
Make sure the battery terminals are not touching the hood. Remove the plastic cradle if necessary. Buy protective caps for the battery terminals.
Electrical shorts that result in a melted battery terminal may also cause other problems. According to 2carpros.com, shorts can "fry" a radio or can activate an anti-theft device built in to some radios (this must be reset by the dealer). If replacing cables and installing protection for battery terminals does not correct the problem, a

########
Rank: 4
Score: 43.508175
Retrieved Text: You never know when you might need a jump start – whether it be from the bone-chilling cold of winter that can sap your battery’s starting power to leaving your lights on during a concert that drains your battery completely. Knowing how to get your vehicle running again is a valuable skill that will get you back on the road in no time. Read on for step-by-step instructions on how to safely jump a car.
When it comes to jump starting a car, you have a couple of options. You can use a portable jump starter or have another motorist assist you by charging your battery with their running vehicle and jumper cables.
Carrying a portable jump starter in your vehicle can get you back on the road in no time. From cables to power, a jump starter has everything you need to jump start your battery without the hassle of waiting for another driver or tow truck to give you a jump.
If you don’t have room to keep a portable jump starter in your vehicle, you’ll want to make sure that you have jumper cables as part of your emergency road kit. Then you will need to call and wait for another driver and car to give you a jump. Follow these steps to get your car running again.
Make sure you’re using good quality jumper cables. Ensure that they aren’t cracked or frayed.
Park the cars close together with the front ends facing each other. You don’t want to stretch the cables too far.
Place both vehicles in park.
On

########
Rank: 5
Score: 43.18881
Retrieved Text: Imagine this scenario: you walk to your car early enough to arrive at work just on time, turn the key over, and hear… nothing. You do it again, then remember something you were told about flooding the spark plugs and realize your battery must be dead. This has happened to almost every driver but don’t worry – learning to jump start your car is easy.
Just follow these basic steps and rules about safely jump starting your car, complements of the service center at Chevrolet Center.
To jump a car, you’ll need a friend or a kind stranger with a functioning car. Their car will be the source of power for yours. You’ll also need jumper cables, which you should keep in your trunk at all times for emergencies like this one.
Have your friend or neighbor move his or her car so that its front end is facing yours. You’ll want them close enough that the cables will reach, but at least two feet apart. Put both cars in park (or neutral for manual transmissions) and turn on the emergency brakes. Turn off the functioning car and open the hoods of both cars.
Use the Owner’s Manuals to locate the battery of each car. Each battery has two terminals, positive and negative, which are often painted red and black, respectively. Make sure that you have correctly identified the terminals on both batteries, as this step is extremely important to a safe and successful car jump.
Place the positive cable (red) on the positive terminal of the dead battery.
Next, place the

########
Rank: 6
Score: 43.18504
Retrieved Text: In an ideal world, we'd all either do every single bit of work that needs to be done to our cars on our own, or we'd all have enough money to never have to lay a finger on it. In reality, though, there are times when you need certain skills, either to save you a boatload of cash on basic maintenance or to get yourself out of a jam. These are five absolutely anyone could and should know how to do themselves.
As a general rule, your wiper blades have a short lifespan. Depending on where you live, they should only last a few a few months. The good news is they only take a few seconds to change out, so paying someone anything more than a debt of gratitude is fiscally silly.
Get the right blades for your car. They differ in size not just from car to car, but from one side of the windshield to the other. Most online retailers will have you enter your car’s year and model and will pre-select options that fit, and at brick and mortar stores you can usually look it up yourself, or ask for help.
Lift the wiper arm (the piece connected to the car) and remove the old blade. There are several different mounting methods, but usually all you need to do is turn the blade perpendicular to the arm and push down.
If that doesn’t do it, look at the directions that came with the new blade, find the drawing that looks like your setup, and simply reverse

########
Rank: 7
Score: 42.32116
Retrieved Text: Hook up positive or negative first - Completely Free Hookup!
What difference does it make if they are connected in the opposite order? This question has been asked before and already has an answer. If those answers do not fully address your question, please ask a new question.
The reason I would connect the positive cable first in a negatively-earthed car is that while tightening the positive connector with a spanner wrenchif I were to touch the body of the car with the spanner at the same time, nothing would happen and I would be OK. However if the negative was already connected to the battery and I shorted the positive to the body with the spanner, there would now be a short circuit with a big spark and a possible fire.
For the same reason I would disconnect the negative connector first too. The whole body of the car is usually connected to the minus pole. And you can accidentally hit that body with the positive lead. So connecting the lead first is safer. Only a small part of the car is now connected to power.
If you mess up by touching the car with the other lead nothing will happen. This might also be a habits for people who deal with electronics. Home Questions Tags Users Unanswered. When reconnecting a battery, why connect the positive first? This question already has an answer here: Nick T 4. HandyHowie 9, 1 11 Random link from the first page of Google results, among many, many more.
Positive first, and Hook up positive

########
Rank: 8
Score: 42.26692
Retrieved Text: Discussion in 'Gen 3 Prius Main Forum' started by ALS, Jan 17, 2010.
My other car was in the garage and had been unused since September. So I needed to give her a run for two hours to get everything up to temperature and fully charge the battery.
Well I went to start it this morning and the battery was pretty drained. Out came the jumper cables.
I strongly suggest that when you get a chance you familiarize yourself with the POSITIVE JUMP TERMINAL in the fuse box.
I first read the instructions in the owners manual and when I pulled the cover on the fuse box I kept looking around for the cable connection. It took me a minute or two to find it. Mainly because it looks bigger in the manual and it looks like a blade type fuse.
You will notice toward the back of the box a RED cover with a + that looks like a fuse at first glance. You flip up the cover exposing the metal strip. This strip is about 1 to 1.5 inches long maybe 3/4 inches wide. That's all the bigger it is.
It was daylight when I was looking for it. I can't imagine what it would be like to find this little terminal at night when you had no idea what you were looking for.
One HUGE warning - the Prius is NOT meant to jump another car. Depending on the method, you're at HIGH risk for blowing the 100A main fuse (designed to protect the inverter and wiring), rendering your Prius

########
Rank: 9
Score: 41.926743
Retrieved Text: Locate the positive and negative battery terminals in each car. The cables leading to the positive terminal are almost always red. You keep the battery pack charged through its USB port, then hook the jumper cables to it like you would normally when you have a. Hooking up. With a friend could confirm if you both actually want to become more than friends, something that you may have only realized because you did hook up. Whether the aftermath is positive or negative, communication after hooking up with a friend is key. You still need to hook a car. Jump starter up in the right order and in the right places, and you can only use one to jump start a traditional car battery or the . When Onlibe both Dzting and Online cables Onlibe the battery, connect Arbitraes positive first, Reaktionstraining Online Dating then. Start. How to What jumper cables and how to jumpstart the Daging. Photo 1: Hook-up at the weak battery. Connect Atbitrase the positive Arbittrase. Disconnect the cables in the reverse Arbitrwse. First remove Arbitfase negative Dating from the car Online Arhitrase, then Arbirrase negative cable from. He Dwting up the People incorrectly on Age car Onlinee Site Dating Warrington mine (I Onllne didn't double check) when I tried to Site Onlibe a little gas sparks Sote What. Google searches for reverse "Should" Nick Aldis Dating People a Dating yielded various Arbifrase, everything Arbitrase the battery. Arbtrase Start. Still Should a positive-side hookup, Dating most stock-car sanctioning bodies want the kill switch on

########
Rank: 10
Score: 41.819664
Retrieved Text: At T&A Truck Specialist, Inc in Tampa, FL, we do our best to keep your fleet or commercial truck ready for anything. Here’s a short rundown on how to jump start a vehicle.
First, remember to be mindful of moving parts, or parts that will be moving once the engine starts. Then proceed with caution.
Start with the hoods open on both vehicles, yours and the vehicle that will be jumping you.
- On the dead battery, attach the positive (red) lead to the terminal with a red marking or + symbol. Be sure the leads on the other end of the cable aren’t touching before proceeding.
- Attach the negative (black) lead to a sturdy ground, such as a piece of bare metal on the car. Often, the alternator bracket makes a good attach point. If there aren’t any, you can use the negative battery terminal.
- Follow the same procedure on the other vehicle - if the engine isn’t already running, start it now.
- Wait a couple minutes, then give yours a try. It should start right up!
Keep in mind that some batteries aren’t readily accessible. If not, there will be a terminal marked red, or POSITIVE, somewhere under the hood - this is the acting positive battery terminal. Just be sure that you are connecting positive to positive, and negative to negative, and you won’t have any problems.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 41.185715
Retrieved Text: 2000 Cadillac Deville dts has the vehicle battery under the rear passenger seat. I was replacing the factory battery in August 2006 after purchasing the vehicle from a private party. There was powdered acid accumulated under and around the battery, near the positive terminal. The battery acid has corroded the metal of the car body, resulting in a through and through hole in the car. I will have this repaired by a body shop. I have been told by another Cadillac Deville owner, 2001 model, that this is a common problem. I am concerned that any further corrosion could cause catastrophic failure of the car body supporting the battery. The car battery would then fall onto the roadway, possibly presenting a serious hazard to other drivers.
The contact states the battery leaking acid. The battery was located in the passenger's compartment. This caused a hole in the vehicle. The contact and wife sustained injuries. He burned his sinuses when removing the battery. The fumes caused the contact's wife skin to dry out and flake off from her neck to feet. The manufacturer offered to repair the hole after he paid for an evaluation. The contact repaired the hole himself. He went to the service department to purchase a new battery, but they would no install it because the battery was located in the passenger's compartment. Updated 12/27/2005.
Battery failure produced hydrogen gas, battery leaked out and terminal corroded within battery. * bf the battery suddenly went dead. The battery was under the rear seat. The positive terminal had

########
Rank: 12
Score: 41.073856
Retrieved Text: Automotive Battery Jump Starter User Guide | Climate Change North.
Before jump starting a vehicle, ensure that you check your car’s voltage system against the jump starter unit. If your vehicle is a 12V, use only the 12V jump starter. Ensure you take a glance of the car owner’s guide to ensure you put into considerations some precautions the manufacture may have relating to jump starting your car. Any precautions given will be worth the read. Ensure you engage your car in park gear and engage the emergency break.
Ensure you switch off all the accessories present in your car including the lights, radio and air-conditioning systems to enhance the performance of your battery jump starter and to ensure safety of your accessories. Ensure that no USB device is connected to your jump starter. You should also ensure that the battery terminals, the jump starter and the jump starting cables are not exposed to any moisture.
To jump start your vehicle, ensure that your car is completely of before making any attempts of jump starting your vehicle. Ensure you are able to point out the negative and positive terminals of your battery. In many occasions, the positive terminal is usually demarcated with a + sign and red in color while the negative with a – sign and black in color.
Even at this point, you are not yet ready to attach clamps to the jump starter yet! To begin with, connect the black clamp to the negative terminal of your car battery and similarly the red clamp to the positive

########
Rank: 13
Score: 40.83218
Retrieved Text: So it only CLICKS! Is the "New Battery" fully Charged? Are the Battery Cable terminals properly cleaned and tightened? Check the Voltage with a Multi-meter and insure that at least 13 Volts is present. If that is OK then your Starter Solenoid is no longer engaging it's contact plate with the Battery Terminal and the Starter windings. Some times the Brushes inside the Starter wear out and no longer make contact with the armature, This condition would require rebuild or replacement with a re-manufactured or new starter. You may just have a Battery that is at the end of it's "Life Cycle".
Now it just will not start. It's was taking longer and longer to start. I tested the starter and replaced it. Now after a few (5-10 turns of the key) it turns over but wont engage and actually start. Even after and during a jump. I checked my fuses and they all look good. I'm lost. I have gas. It was running the other day and died twice on the road then my wife drove it to work the next day fine, came home for lunch and it is dead where it sits. I know the starter was bad but it's new now. When I was hooked to the truck that gave me a jump I thought for sure it was going to start. It started to shake like the enging really wanted to start alas nothing. Any ideas?
I would take the starter out and have it bench tested to verify if it has gone

########
Rank: 14
Score: 40.361935
Retrieved Text: I've graduated from knowing enough to be dangerous to knowing just enough to stay out of trouble.
234 'sudo su -' vs 'sudo -i' vs 'sudo /bin/bash' - when does it matter which is used, or does it matter at all?
46 How to whois new TLDs?
22 Was there any movie or show before Star Wars that showed everything as looking used and worn?
19 What causes brakes to pulsate right after rotor and pad replacement?
14 Why should I connect the red/positive terminal first when jump starting?
12 Did Phaedrus derive a final definition of quality?

########
Rank: 15
Score: 39.963234
Retrieved Text: I am having problems connecting Bluetooth to FRDM-FXS-MULTI-B to my desktop computer (external USB Bluetooth dongle).
After flashing the firmware in my KL-25 board and stacking boards together, I pair the Blueradio with my desktop, and 2 COM ports show up. However, when I try to run Sensor Fusion Toolbox (using both auto-detect and manual port selection), nothing happens. When manually selecting one of the bluetooth COM ports, the red circle next to auto-detect button turns blue, but the board image does not change. Also, no data show up in the other tabs.
If I turn off bluetooth radio and connect the board through USB cable, the Toolbox run seamlessly, using the USB COM port.
I cannot run the Android app in my smartphone (Google Play says that the app is not compatible with my smartphone), but I tried a VT100 terminal emulator (Blueterm) on it. When I connected to the blueradio, I started to see characters showing up in the terminal screen, and also the blue LED next to the bluetooth radio lits up.
Any ideas on what can be happening? I am using a CSR bluetooth dongle, and I have tried with both windows generic drivers, and drivers for the same chipset. The ports that show up are COM18 and COM19, on Windows 7.
For Android: Make sure you completely close out the application by swiping it to the right in the “Recent apps” listing. Old processes hanging around can cause problems. There are also videos to help at http://www.freescale.com/sensorfusion. Click on the “View on Videos” link on the

########
Rank: 16
Score: 39.54215
Retrieved Text: Batteries are an essential part of a vehicle and should not be overlooked. Without a healthy battery, the car stands still. We are responsible for how long they can support our vehicle. To extend their lifespan, we need to properly maintain them. Maintenance free batteries are slowly taking over lead-acid batteries but it is important to understand that the basic principle remains the same. We will discuss all the important aspects of a battery in this article.
Lead acid car batteries are energy storing devices made up of lead and lead dioxide plates. These plates are submerged into an electrolyte solution. The percentage of water is 65% and sulphuric acid contributes 35% to this solution. When the battery is used to start the car, it gets discharged. The sulphuric acid in the electrolyte solution gets depleted leaving a higher proportion of water. The sulfate is returned to the acid during the charging process. The battery provides high current required by the starter motor to crank the engine of the car. Once the engine is started, the battery is again recharged by the engine driven charging system. In this process, the alternator takes necessary energy from the rotation of engine through a belt to charge up the battery. When the engine is running, the alternator generates electricity for the electrical equipment of the car.
What makes a battery weak?
When the car is exposed to direct sunlight in summers for longer periods of time, it accelerates the process of corrosion and evaporates the electrolyte. This reduces the life of a

########
Rank: 17
Score: 39.48607
Retrieved Text: 9 out of 10 based on 175 ratings. 4,422 user reviews.
How to install a mini high torque starter on a 67 Camaro?
Jul 12, 2008I am installing a mini high torque starter into my 67 Camaro. I am not sure what wires should connect to the SINGLE spade terminal on the starter. My original starter had 2 connections; the I and S terminals. I have connected each wire separately and together on the single spade but I am not getting the starter to turn.Hello Customer, First let me state the purpose of each terminal on the stock starter. "Batt" is for the battery positive cable "Mot" is for the heavy wire leading to the actual starter motor. "S" is from the ignition switch and signals the solenoid to connect the "Batt" and "Mot" terminals through a contact inside the solenoid (applies voltage to the starter motor) "I" is an Ignition bypass, this circuit bypasses the ballist resistor that is in series with the ignition coil while in the start position. (applies cranking voltage to the + on the ignition coil, this was necessary for point type ignitions. The "I" terminal was dropped as part of the solenoid in the 80s after all ignitions were converted to electronic. The terminals on your new starter does not have the "I" connection, the small blade terminal is the actually the "S" terminal. If the ignition has been upgraded to an electronic you won't need the "I" connection. The wire that normally hooks up to the "S" terminal is a purple

########
Rank: 18
Score: 39.466522
Retrieved Text: Learn how to jump-start a car with this quick guide By on can also drain the battery. Step 1: Get a set of jumper cables. Make sure to carry a set of jumper cables in your car at all times... Clamp the black cable end to the negative terminal of the dead battery, and clamp the far end of the black cable to an engine nut of the booster car. Step 5 – Start the Car with the Dead Battery Turn the ignition key of the car with the dead battery.
Step 3: With both cars off and in "park," connect the jumper cables in the following order: Connect one red clamp to the positive (+) battery post of the "dead" battery.... Pull the car you are using to jump the dead battery in front of the car with the dead battery. The vehicles need to be close enough for the jumper cables to reach, but do not let any parts of the cars touch each other.
Lastly, it will be deadly to attach the jumper cables on vehicles that are not compatibles. Connecting vehicles with 12-volt and 6-volt cables might be damaging to the electrical systems. Connecting vehicles with 12-volt and 6-volt cables might be damaging to the electrical systems. how to get more xp in pvp rs3 Pull the car you are using to jump the dead battery in front of the car with the dead battery. The vehicles need to be close enough for the jumper cables to reach, but do not let any parts

########
Rank: 19
Score: 39.194267
Retrieved Text: When I was in Singapore a few days ago I went to Starbucks in the conference centre where the Cards Asia and NFC World Asia events were being held, accompanied by senior executive from major international financial services organisation (SEXMIF) to get a coffee. When we got there, I noticed a contactless terminal, proudly advertising that it preferred Citibank cards. We ordered a couple of coffees and the delightful young clerk smiled and cheerfully asked for $8.40 or whatever it was. After a theatrical flourish of my splendid contactless Visa card I triumphantly tapped it against the reader. Nothing. I tapped it again. Nothing. I told the attendant that I wanted to pay with contactless. Ah, he pointed out, you can’t because it’s not a Citibank card. I politely explained that it was a Visa card, and there was a Visa logo prominently displayed on the reader. He went off to get his supervisor.
Nothing. The terminal still didn’t display the invitation to tap and go, although the blue light was on. He told me to tap the card. I told him that it would be pointless, because the terminal wasn’t in the correct state. He insisted. I tapped. Nothing happened. SEXMIF, who was videoing all of this on his phone, presumably so that he could show his management the future of consumer payments, was having trouble keeping the camera still while laughing at me.
We cancelled the transaction out and tried again. It still didn’t work. I rummaged for my trusty Travelex pre-paid MasterCard and paid by

########
Rank: 20
Score: 38.985382
Retrieved Text: To ensure proper operation and to meet safety and electromagnetic interference (EMI) requirements, you must connect an EX Series switch to earth ground before you connect power to the switch. You must use the protective earthing terminal on the switch chassis to connect the switch to earth ground (see Figure 2).
A ground connection to the protective earthing terminal is not required for an AC-powered switch. The AC power cords provide adequate grounding when you connect the power supply in the switch to a grounded AC power outlet by using the AC power cord appropriate for your geographical location.
The switch is installed in a restricted-access location.
If external ground connection is required, ensure that a licensed electrician has attached an appropriate grounding lug to the grounding cable that you supply. Using a grounding cable with an incorrectly attached lug can damage the switch.
Table 1 lists the earthing terminal location, grounding cable requirements, grounding lug specifications, screws and washers required, and the screwdriver needed for connecting a switch to earth ground. Before you begin connecting a switch to earth ground, ensure you have the parts and tools required for your switch.
See Special Instructions to Follow Before Connecting Earth Ground to a Switch.
The grounding cable must be the same gage as the power feed cables and as permitted by the local code.
See Grounding Cable and Lug Specifications for EX9200 Switches.
Table 2 lists the special instructions that you might need to follow before connecting earth ground to a switch.
Note: Some early variants of EX3200 switches for which the Juniper Networks model

########
Rank: 21
Score: 38.945972
Retrieved Text: I added a sub to my 05 Grand Am SC/t and wanted a clean install at the battery. I read a few forum and I was told to use the short battery terminal. My local store had one in stock and it was a breeze to install. I watched a youtube video on how to remove the stock terminal lug so I didn't hack up the battery cable. I did have to use a razor blade to trim the opening about 1/8 in all the way around so the threads would catch. Once it was tightened down, it looks nice and clean. All I had to do then was feed my positive cable through the firewall and attach it to the removable hex bolt on top of the new terminal. Easy Peasy.
When installing my audio system (15 inch Rf p3), on certain bass notes it would cause my lights to dim. When I installed it I couldn't get the power wire to connect to the battery correctly so I improvised and added a metal wire and wrapped it around the positive terminal. This was not safe and wasn't a secure connection. I ran across this and it was very easy to replace and worked perfectly. I actually think it hits harder now. Took only five minutes to install.
Needed to connect the sub woofer amp to the battery on a 2006 Saturn Vue with a side post mount. This terminal replaced the stock one and allowed me to connect to the battery using the ring connector end

########
Rank: 22
Score: 38.88886
Retrieved Text: Best jumper cables can make a difference between spending a night stuck on the road and getting boosted by another motorist. Even if you have a powerful battery, it’s humanly to have the best jumper cables by your side so you can help others.
You don’t have to spend so much money on inferior cables that may not match your battery type or deteriorate quickly. Having gone through a plethora of jumper cables, I have compiled a list of the top 5 products.
Also coming as a 25 feet booster cable, this product is long enough to accommodate cars that are not too close to each other. As I indicated already, it may not always be practical that the booster car is parked in front of the dead car.
In such cases, a longer jumper cable is preferable. The Energizer Jumper Battery Cable can be a good fit.
The jumper cables have a 1-gauge which guarantees thick wires that ensure a faster charging of the dead battery. Remember, the higher the number of the gauge is the thinner the wire and that will take time to jump-start the flat battery.
With a 1-gauge booster cable it can take from little to no time to jump start it.
The clamps are copper clad aluminum which presents an efficient mixture to conduct electricity and boost the flat battery. Aluminum is lightweight and less expensive, so this jumper cable will not be too heavy, although 25-feet reflect a bulky product.
I wish the seller included the carry bag, but no it isn’t included. Either way, it’s

########
Rank: 23
Score: 38.711914
Retrieved Text: When it comes to protecting the health and well-being of our eyes, many of us are focused on undergoing yearly check-ups, wearing safety goggles during construction work, and putting on protective sunglasses when out in the strong sunshine.
However, there’s another important step that many of us forget to take when protecting our eyes – and it’s a crucial step that could prevent receiving severe eye injuries when performing a mundane task.
Jump-starting the car can unleash of bevy of sparks, which may ignite into flames.
With these dangers in mind, it’s no wonder people need to take careful precautions to protect their eyes before jump-starting a car.
Wear protective eyewear or goggles throughout the process of jump-starting the car. Do not remove these goggles until the car has started and the hood has been closed. To help remind you, you may want to consider attaching a pair of safety goggles to your jumper cables.
Distinguish all cigarettes before approaching the hood of the car. Never use a match to look under the hood of the car (instead, use a flashlight).
Do not allow the car clamps to touch one another. Instead, attach the positive cable to the positive terminal of the dead battery (it will usually be red), then attach the other end to it’s corresponding terminal on the good battery. Attach the negative cable (it should be black) to the good battery’s negative terminal, then to attach the other end of the black cable to the engine block away from the negative terminal. Do Not attach a cable to the

########
Rank: 24
Score: 38.434742
Retrieved Text: If your vehicle’s battery suddenly dies, a quick fix is to jump start the battery using another vehicle and a set of jumper cables. This may require the help of another driver on the road, should the battery die during a commute, or you can call a friend or neighbor should it happen close to home.
Regardless, you will need a vehicle with a similar sized engine as well as the jumper cables to connect both batteries.
Damage to the battery, be it leakages or corrosion. Never jump start if this is the case, as it’s safer to call an auto repair specialist.
Electronics and headlights are turned off, and the keys are out of the ignition.
Be sure that both vehicles are in neutral (or park) with the ignition turned off while being parked within close proximity with each other. Pop the trunk on each vehicle and check that the jumper cables can reach both engines.
Grab the red cable (positive) and attach one end to the positive terminal on your vehicle’s car battery followed before attaching it to the same terminal on the working battery. These are easily recognized by the POS or + situated on the battery. It should also be noticeably larger than the negative terminal.
Grab the black cable (negative) and attach it to the negative terminal on the working battery.
Using the same black cable, attach the other end to some sort of metal material on your vehicle that isn’t close to the battery. This can be a bolt, bracket, struck or possibly a jump start pole,

########
Rank: 25
Score: 38.19504
Retrieved Text: The busiest airport on the United States’ west coast, Los Angeles International is unique among the country’s largest airports in that, while all major domestic airlines have significant operations at the airport, no single carrier has a dominate share of passenger traffic.
LAX’s passenger complex consists of nine terminals arranged along a two-level loop roadway that makes what is essentially a large U-turn around parking facilities, as well as the airport’s iconic space-age theme building and air traffic control tower. The upper level roadway is the ticketing level for departures and the lower roadway is the baggage claim level for arrivals.
Because there are more than 10 gates in each concourse, gates often also include a letter, such as gates 52A-52J.
A courtesy shuttle bus, labeled the A Route, travels the lower level roadway outside baggage claim between airline terminals. Passengers leave the TSA secure area to use the service. It is popular for international arrivals at the Tom Bradley International Terminal who are required to exit security after going through U.S. Customs.
In many other cases passengers can avoid leaving the TSA secure area when making connections by using walkways that connect terminals 4, 5, 6, 7, 8 and the Tom Bradley International Terminal. (Between terminals 4, 5 and 6 the walkways are underground tunnels. The other connecting walkways are on the ticketing level.) Post-security connections are also available on shuttle buses from Terminal 1 to the Tom Bradley Terminal and between Terminals 2 and 3 and the Tom Bradley Terminal.
A multi-billion dollar Automated People Mover train system, currently

########
Rank: 26
Score: 38.147923
Retrieved Text: Tim awoke to the captain’s announcement in progress.
Tim reached for the in-flight magazine to look at the airport maps. He tried to guess where they would go if they could not land here. What would be his connection to Norfolk? How long a delay would he agonize through as his wife continued her labor? Was it over? Had he missed it? Would he arrive only to see the baby already here?
Tim stopped the wild speculations as the captain came on the speakers again.
Hope and gratefulness swelled in his heart. He prayed a quick thanks and went to the lavatory. Back at his seat in a few minutes, the flight attendants prepared the cabin for arrival.
In the terminal, he checked for his connecting gate and boarding time. He had a few minutes and took the opportunity to call Norfolk. He knew Andy and Sharon had taken his wife to the hospital. He called Andy’s cell phone from an airport pay phone. Andy answered on the second ring. Tom didn’t get a chance to speak to his wife. She was busy dilating, sweating, and breathing through painful contractions with Sharon at her side. Andy reported she was at 7 centimeters and contractions getting closer. Tim gave them his flight information and arrival time. Andy promised to call Jim and Michelle to pick him up. They hung up and Tim boarded his second flight.
At the Norfolk airport Tim mentally debated about waiting for his bags. He could come back to the airport later and get them. In the end

########
Rank: 27
Score: 37.9909
Retrieved Text: @marc-rozender have you tried pressing enter to activate the terminal?
And then plug it in and run ls /dev/tty* again and post the output?
@marc-rozender hmm and you've tried pressing Enter and it does nothing?
Have you been able to connect with SSH?
Yes, the terminal screen just goes blank. I tried PuTTY SSH but no luck.
I finally found the access point by setting up a hidden network. Its Omega-132D.
I can then go to the setup wizard page on the browser but then everything is greyed out and i can't do anything. The "login to Omega" doesnt go green either by itself or by clicking on it.
@marc-rozender can you try using Chrome or Opera for the Setup Wizard? There's a bug that shows up when using Firefox, Safari, or IE.
Once you go through the setup wizard, lets try connecting through SSH again.
I played a long time around after i got my two onions today. Unfortunately i also not was able to connect with the USB Cable in Linux. I do work with the Debian based LinuxMint.
I could not figure out how to map the /dev/ttyUSB0. I had everything else but never saw this ttyUSB0. Just had a lot of ttyS*. Finaly i gave up and tried with Windows10 in a VirtualBox. So i could finally connect with the USB Cable.
I was wondering that I never saw my own wireless. Always appeared everything else just never my own wifi i have at home. In the end I found out, that i optimized my wlan and did put a ID over 10

########
Rank: 28
Score: 37.90846
Retrieved Text: Learn how to charge a BMW car battery. The best method to charge a BMW battery is to use a 12-volt trickle charger and to make sure to use the jump start terminals under the hood.
BMW batteries are used even when the car is turned off. Typically it takes anywhere from 15 to 30 minutes for all BMW system to go to "sleep". Even when the car has entered a "sleep mode" 0.1-0.5A are still drawn from the battery.
You will need a smart charger to trickle charge a BMW. Smart chargers output very low current once the battery is charged to avoid overcharging the battery which is critical. BMW OEM Battery Charger is the same as CTEK CTEK56 Battery Charger.
BMW recommends that the battery is charged via the jump start terminals under the hood. If your BMW battery is completely dead, disconnect the battery and slow charge it.
Locate positive terminal under the hood and connect the red clamp from your charger.
Locate the negative terminal under the hood. BMW has a designated copper post. Use that instead of the strut tower.
Set your charger to 2 Amp which is a slow charge. Set voltage to 12 volts. Select battery type it will be either Regular/Lead Acid/Flooded or AGM battery. If you are not sure look at your battery in the trunk. If the battery has a black case it most likely is an AGM battery. If the battery has a white case it is a regular or flooded battery.
Plug your charger into a wall outlet or extension cord.
Allow

########
Rank: 29
Score: 37.672615
Retrieved Text: Breadboards are one of the most fundamental pieces that DIYers use. Because breadboards let you create circuits without having to solder anything, meaning that you can test, modify and change your circuit without having to waste time soldering and desoldering your components.
Breadboards let you create functional electrical circuits without having to solder anything. Which gives you the ability to easily take your circuit from paper to the physical world, while maintaining the ability to modify it. Making prototyping the main use of breadboards, as prototyping often involves creating the design and modifying it depending on real life conditions, and improving the original design. And that can be easily achieved with breadboards, as they need no soldering.
Breadboards are also the best place to start for electronics beginners, as they dont require you to know how to solder, and they also can be used to create all types of circuits.
A breadboard is a board that has arrays of a metallic conductive material, with hole strips that let you easily put in wires to connect your components to each other. And It has two main areas, the terminal strips, and the power rails.
This is the area in the middle of the breadboard, where the holes are connected to each other horizontally. It is used to connect the electrical components to each other, and to the power source.
Notice the gap in the middle? This gap is used to connect the ICs and similar components, as these two areas of the breadboard are electrically independent of each other, meaning that each

================



======= Instance Index 4635 =========
Input Text: John loves to eat baked potato but he doesn't have time to cook. Where might he go for potatoes?
Choose the most suitable option to answer the above question.
Options:
- restaurants
- pantry
- store
- root cellar
- casserole

Target Text: restaurants

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 53.44484
Retrieved Text: Earlier this week I had Grumpy tell me things he would like to eat. Making a menu for during the week can be very challenging because a lot of the time he doesn’t get home until late. He mentioned twice baked potatoes and my response was “on a week night?!” He obviously doesn’t realize how long it takes to make them.
While I was getting the potato filling prepped, Grumpy came out into the kitchen and said “what ya doing buzzard”. I told him I was making twice baked potatoes. His response? “Well its about time you listened to me”. I don’t know who he thinks he is, but he sure isn’t my boss. 😉 So of course I went back at him and said, “I didn’t make these for you. I made these for me and you will be lucky if you get even one!” Of course that entailed him cornering me in the kitchen, grabbing my wrists, and saying “I will too get one Buzzy!” Of course I told him “Not unless you let go of me and let me finish making them!” He seems to like to play this game where he thinks hes the boss. On second thought, I should have bargained for a good old smooch in exchange. ha ha ha.
What you can’t see is after she said it was good, she said “you can never move.” I may have gave her some yummy twice baked potato tonight, but she does a lot for us and I just love her! Jill deserves

########
Rank: 1
Score: 50.490925
Retrieved Text: We did our annual trek to the end of the driveway to watch the fireworks over the bay. Best seats in the house, no parking issues, great view and no crowds. Better yet, absolutely free. It was a pleasant, if humid, night, very peaceful.
I did deviate from the meal plan and made sirloin steaks and baked potatoes for dinner tonight. The store had a one day sale on the steaks and I had money left in the grocery envelope, so I went for it. We made them in the NuWave oven, perfectly cooked (to rare) after 20 minutes at 350. I love making baked potatoes in the pressure cooker. It is so fast and easy and I think they taste even better than in the oven. Both methods of cooking are pretty hands off, although I did have to flip the steaks halfway through cooking. But otherwise, no baby-sitting the food which is my favorite way to cook!
Looks like DH might end up getting more than 15 hours a week of OT coming up. There is a lot to get done and they keep losing drafters, one quit, one to a new job. He's getting tired, though, so I don't know if more than 15 is a good idea. But maybe, if he gets enough sleep he can. I told him if he works more, we need to make sure he is getting enough protein in him during the day. With more OT, we can add a little more to the grocery envelope if we need

########
Rank: 2
Score: 50.482563
Retrieved Text: When I go out of town, the husband eats frozen pizza and Chipotle and drinks beer. When he goes out of town, apparently I eat enchiladas for four days in a row.
Such is what happened this past weekend, when Elliott was on a trip in Colorado with his friends. He gallivanted around the state snowboarding, hiking and mountain biking. I think there was also a night of camping in Arizona, too? I don’t remember, as I was too busy staring out the window while it snowed making faces like this. I know for sure he didn’t shave, though, as he lovingly reminded me with daily photo updates on my phone.
Obviously by the last night of this most recent separation of ours, I couldn’t take one more bite of leftover enchiladas. And so, these twice-baked potatoes with fresh horseradish graced the single-lady dinner menu. And cheering and dancing and devouring of said potato ensued (look at all the excitement you missed out on, BABE).
Have you ever cooked or baked with fresh horseradish before? Believe it or not, they supply it at my local Cub Foods store (along with cactus leaf, because apparently people eat these things). It’s really an ugly-looking root, but when you peel it and grate it into vinaigrettes and cocktail sauce and these here potatoes, it’s delicious. Sinus-clearing, yes, but delicious.
And actually, about that sinus-clearing: Did you know that when you bake said grated fresh horseradish, the heat reduces its potency? So basically you get the pleasant flavor of horseradish, but without as much

########
Rank: 3
Score: 50.450752
Retrieved Text: I was sitting around the other day, tossing around some ideas for new and exciting dishes. Dishes that were new but still good stand-bys. One of the first dishes that came to mind was my friend James’ twice baked potatoes. I have not had them in years but I remember them fondly. He would never share the recipe, saying it was a secret. Even though I watched him make them, I could never figure out that secret ingredient. They were plump, cheesy and full of bacon and green onions; there was something different about this tater. I sought out to create my own version using sweet potatoes, and this recipe for Twice Baked Sweet Potatoes with Chipotle Cream was born.
I can’t say we eat very many baked potatoes around our house, which is a shame. We eat potatoes but usually in different forms; soup, fried in duck fat, as a salad, gently boiled, you get the idea. We also love to eat sweet potatoes but not the sweet kind. They have to be savory. I needed something new and tasty (and gluten-free) to serve with a pork roast so I decided to try to create James’ famous twice baked potato using a sweet potato.
First I baked the potatoes in a bed of kosher salt. I became a fan of baking my potatoes in kosher salt a few years ago. It creates a nice crisp skin and very moist flesh as well the flavor is really outstanding without being over salty. After I baked the potatoes, I

########
Rank: 4
Score: 50.33218
Retrieved Text: This twice baked potatoes recipe is from my learn to cook series where I am cooking through my old home economics cookbook. This twice baked potatoes recipe is a great way to jazz up your every day twice baked potato.
I love preparing these recipes from my old home economics cookbook, they are all very simple and straight forward recipes. If these were the recipes that were written for 13 year old students, you know they are easy recipes. This recipe twice baked potatoes is very simple. You might wonder why these are called twice baked potatoes, they are called that because first the potatoes are baked in the oven, then the potato is scooped out, and seasoned, and then the seasoned potato is spooned back into the potato. The second baking enhances the flavor through the second baking.
This is a very simple recipe, but you can add in things like sliced green onions, cooked bacon, cheese, and even sour cream. You can be as creative as you want. In fact, you may want to check out some of these other twice baked potatoes.
For this recipe I suggest that you use a Russet Potato, they are starchier than other types of potatoes, like a Yukon Gold for example. Other potatoes can be more waxy than a Russet potato. This will bake up and be wonderfully fluffy. I hope you give this simple recipe for twice baked potatoes a try, and be sure to check out more of these learn to cook recipes.
Learn how to cook easy and

########
Rank: 5
Score: 49.674736
Retrieved Text: Potatoes get a bad rap, but truly they are victims in this turn of events. They can’t help it that we tend to slather them with fat and/or dunk them in hot grease and eat the least healthy versions of them (big and white) in large quantities. While potatoes are high in carbohydrates, there is fiber in the skin, so if you eat small potatoes, you get more skin (fiber and nutrients) and less starchy insides. And if you eat colored potatoes you are also getting carotenoids and flavonoids which are nutritious and act as anti-oxidants.
Unfortunately, the little colored potatoes are more costly than the big white ones… but they are worth investigating. You might be very surprised at how much more flavorful a small colored potato is than a big white one. Makes it easier to skip the sour cream, butter, cheddar cheese, bacon….. oh my. I used to like that kind of thing on a baked potato – but your family just might like these with a touch of healthy oil and spices.
The pretty little buggers can be boiled, or roasted, or baked just like any other potato. One of my favorite ways to prepare them is a double cook: baked, boiled or even microwaved, and then sliced and sauteed with some onion, possibly some greens and if you want, you can even throw in some scrambled eggs or meat if you eat it.
Peasant food is another of the quick throw what you have in a skillet for dinner ‘recipes’ that Little Sis and

########
Rank: 6
Score: 48.450035
Retrieved Text: Sweet potatoes are a super food, meaning that they are packed with nutrients. If you can get your kid to like them, you’ll have an easy veggie to turn to when times are tough — like when you can’t think of anything to make besides pasta.
There’s a lot you can do with sweet potatoes, but since my kids were toddlers, we’ve served them in cubes. Here’s a little video to show you my method.
Would your kid eat this?
My 11 month old LOVES sweet potato fries. I cut the raw potato into strips, toss them with a little bit of olive oil and a pinch of cinnamon and then bake them in the oven for 30 mins at 400 degrees. They’re an awesome finger food for a kiddo just learning to self feed.
I like your method for how quick it is!
@Sarah, We do not-so-homemade sweet potato fries from Alexis (I think) and my new self-feeder LOVES them.
I asked for a potato cutter for Xmas so I could make homemade sweet potato fries. I’ve used it once and it was a complete disaster, super hard to get the sweet potato through the lattice cutting thing and when I did get it through, the fries flew everywhere – countertop, floor, behind things on the counter. I’m back to just cutting them up in cubes and roasting them with olive oil, salt/pepper and some seasoning salt. Then I only have to wash a knife!
I don’t know, but I’m going to try that cinnamon sugar bit!
I always bake the heck out

########
Rank: 7
Score: 48.274002
Retrieved Text: If given the option, the three men in my house would eat french fries multiple times a week. While, I do love french fries every once in while, the grease doesn't agree with me on a regular basis. In an effort to make healthier alternatives to the greasy fast food fries that my household loves, I have been experimenting with various baked fries recipes, in the hopes of finding something my family will eat. The August issue of Better Homes and Gardens magazine had a recipe for Sweet Potato Fries, which looked like a delicious and healthier version to traditional french fries.
This recipe has 11 ingredients and takes approximately 45 minutes to prep and bake. The ingredients are all basic, with the majority already in my pantry cupboard. Due to a lack of oven space from preparing multiple dishes, I baked the fries in my toaster oven. I did not make the ketchup recipe provided in the magazine, but instead used the new Simply Heinz ketchup that my husband has been wanting to try, since it contains no high fructose corn syrup. Make sure to make very narrow fries, a few of mine were a little too thick and didn't cook to a crisp.
My two sons were big fans of this recipe. The fries were sweet and the cheese gave a nice crisp crust. I do wish that I had made the homemade ketchup recipe, I think if I make this recipe again I will make the ketchup as an accompaniment. These sweet potato fries don't

########
Rank: 8
Score: 47.95632
Retrieved Text: Do you eat breakfast for breakfast or do you prefer breakfast for dinner?
I love breakfast for dinner; sometimes I’ll have breakfast for lunch, but I rarely eat breakfast for breakfast. Truth be told, I prefer above all else, cereal for breakfast. Hot cereal or cold cereal, if it’s not served in a bowl with milk and eaten with a spoon, I don’t want it for breakfast…so there! Even if we’re going out for brunch, I will eat a small bowl of cereal when I wake up so that brunch really just becomes early lunch.
I feel especially grateful that Billy also loves breakfast for dinner, cuz I know that there are a lot of fellas out there that consider eggs or pancakes breakfast food only!
So I made a Southwest Sweet Potato Hash, and we had it for dinner, and it was satisfying, delicious and nutritious. It’s got vitamin rich sweet potatoes, fiber filled black beans, tasty green chilies, protein packed eggs, and nutrient crammed creamy avocado which also has good fats. There is so much flavor going on in this hash that the eggs don’t even need cheese; coming from a cheese lover that’s sayin’ sumpthin!
You know what else I love about making this dish, is that I used only one skillet, so that this lazy daisy has almost no dishes to wash!
Start with cooking a diced sweet potato with just a little water in the bottom of the skillet, cook until the water has evaporated and the sweet potatoes are about half way cooked through.
I don’t

########
Rank: 9
Score: 47.94995
Retrieved Text: Little Miss Moneybags: What should we have for dinner?
Ok, readers, I need some help.
Peanut and I have half a twice-baked-potato casserole left, and we need to make something else to go with it for dinner--something proteiny.
We already have fixings for a salad.
I do not eat beef or pork, and Peanut probably wouldn't eat tofu.
We had marinated and broiled chicken breast last night, although I guess we could do something similar again.
Being veggie, a lot of my protein comes from tofu, but if he doesn't like that, then maybe some beans? I know beans and baked potatoes are always yummy, so maybe that could work.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 47.836765
Retrieved Text: It’s hard to find a vegetable as well-rounded as the sweet potato. It’s delicious, it’s good for you, and its exquisite coral flesh could inspire one to poetry…in the kitchen, that is.
Even Desi, who loves bananas and won’t concede that the sweet potato is a richer source of potassium (it is), loves to eat this superfood whenever I cook it up for him, which is perhaps not as often as I should.
But a recipe I came across recently, thanks to a colleague Michael who is also an avowed sweet potato fan, sent me running to the supermarket for some sweet potatoes. Michael swore that the recipe from the wonderful Martha Shulman, that had appeared in the New York Times, was one of the best he’d had. If you have never before browsed Shulman’s recipes for a rainbow of vegetables in the Times’ Nutrition section, you’re in for a treat.
The beauty of this recipe is that it is really simple, but it packs so much flavor that it’s hard to believe just a handful of ingredients can produce a taste so complex and rich. I served up this spicy sauced sweet potato dish with a pilaf I made by tossing together some quinoa with green peppers and caramelized onions. I’ll share that recipe with you in a day or two.
I didn’t modify the recipe at all, except to use less oil. I also used only cayenne, not paprika and cayenne, as Shulman does. It was delicious.
2 very large sweet potatoes (or 4 small ones). Peel and cube

########
Rank: 11
Score: 47.68352
Retrieved Text: I know potatoes get a bad rap. Too many carbs. Too much starch. And let's face it, Americans are not known for our healthy eating of potatoes. Go to any restaurant and they will offer you mashed potatoes covered in gravy, baked potatoes loaded with sour cream, butter, cheese, and bacon, or sweet potatoes served with butter and brown sugar.
Sometimes I wonder if the potato is a bad vegetable or if we are just bad eaters!
Well, my family loves potatoes and we eat them about 3 times a week as a side dish. But not all potatoes are created equal. In fact, the sweet potato is supposed to be one of the most complete foods on the planet when it comes to vitamins and minerals contained in one nice little package. But most Americans exposure to the sweet potato involves baked ones like I mentioned above, a Thanksgiving dish involving marshamllows, or pie.
If nothing else, I hope the recipe I'm about to share brings the goodness of potatoes back to your table, especially the sweet potato.
Immediately you'll notice that there is no butter, cream, or milk in this recipe and very little salt. Good, healthy eating at its best!
First, peel and cube the sweet potatoes and Yukon gold potatoes. Scrub the new potatoes and cut into cubes.
Next, place the potatoes in a large saucepan. Add enough lightly salted water to cover the potatoes. Bring to a boil and cook the potatoes for 3 minutes.
Drain thoroughly. Spread the potatoes in a single layer on a large nonstick

########
Rank: 12
Score: 47.40239
Retrieved Text: We sure do! My whole family are potato freaks lovers. Although I don't think there has ever been anyone on the planet that loved potatoes as much as my father did. It was not unheard of for him to make an entire meal of just potatoes. Mashed, baked, he didn't care. Just give him a plate of buttered up spuds and he was a happy camper!
Now days I try to find new ways to prepare those lovely taters.
Don't get me wrong. It is hard to beat a big ol' baked potato right off the grill, and if you have never baked a potato on a grill run do not walk to your local grocery store, oil a couple big guys up, a slap them on the grill. Cook them over indirect heat for about an hour and you will have the best baked potatoes you have ever tasted! We even grill them in the winter because we love them so much!
However, for this recipe, I cooked them in the oven. I am sure you could do these on the grill if you wanted to. Just place some foil on the grates to help hold the tater together.
I got the idea for this dish on Food Network. Micheal Symon made something very similar to this, but he fried his. I decided I wanted to go just a bit healthier by baking them, so I combined my Crash Hot Potatoes with his spicy ailoi. You can check out his original recipe here if you like.
We, of course, loved

########
Rank: 13
Score: 47.240036
Retrieved Text: Remember the adage, measure twice and cut once? The purpose was to make sure the measurement was correct before cutting something and possibly making a mistake.
Well, I like the idea of cooking once and eating twice or more. Yesterday I fixed a slice of ham. It was a thick slice bought at Aldi. I had made scalloped potatoes and cornbread and green beans to go with our New Year's meal.
Today, my last day of vacation, we had some errands to run, including running dh's vehicle in for a recall. We got home and I suggested we have a rerun of yesterday's lunch. DH was fine with that and we had a hearty meal on a windy, cold day. I still have some ham and potatoes left as well. Part of the ham will be a lunch this week with the leftover potatoes. The rest of the ham will be cut up and I'll make ham and beans for dh. I don't particulary care for ham and beans, but he likes it and apparently I've found a simple recipe to make a lunch size portion of them for him. I have to admit I use a can of navy beans, but I have been lucky and found them on sale.
I cut up the ham in small pieces and saute' it with onion and celery, then I add a little chicken broth. I then drain some of the liquid off the beans, but keep enough so the beans don't get dry. I add a half of a teaspoon

########
Rank: 14
Score: 47.22644
Retrieved Text: Is there anything better than mashed potatoes? Only when you put them back in the oven for a second baking. I love twice baked potatoes, the are creamy and full of flavor. I have always wished for a crispier twice baked potato and when we started making lasagna in muffin tins, we used the same technique for these and they have perfect crispy edges and a cheesy top.
The best part about these is that you can customize them to your family. If you like sour cream, bacon and green onions on your baked potatoes, put them in your twice baked potatoes, if there is something you don’t like, just leave it out.
Combine all of the ingredients on the list. You can add or take away things depending on your potato preference. Add some cheese in the mixture and save some for sprinkling on top.
When everything is well combine, grease a muffin tin well and then fill each cup of the muffin tin with the potatoes. Top with a pinch of cheese on each potato.
Bake the potatoes at 400 degree for 30-45 minutes until they are brown and crispy.
What do you like in your potatoes?
Those sound so good. I think these would make a nice side dish for pretty much any meal.
Those sound and look so good. I am imagining them with a juicy steak. I love good potato dishes!
Don't you just love food you can make in a muffin tin? These look very kid friendly!
I was just telling my husband that I wanted some twice baked

########
Rank: 15
Score: 47.220333
Retrieved Text: Loaded Sweet Potato Nachos-perfect snack for game day or any day!
I have been on a major sweet potato kick. I have been making Baked Sweet Potato Fries almost every single day for lunch. I eat them hot off the pan. Who needs a plate?
Over the weekend, we were watching football and Josh suggested we make nachos. Nachos sounded good, but not the chip part. I wanted my pan of sweet potatoes for lunch. I had the most brilliant idea ever. I told Josh to make Sweet Potato Nachos! Since I am pregnant and because Josh loves me, he went along with my idea and made a big pan of Loaded Sweet Potato Nachos!
Josh cut the sweet potatoes into rounds, so they resembled chips. He used a mandoline slicer so all of the sweet potato rounds would be the same size. If you don’t have a mandoline, no worries, you can use a knife.
Josh roasted the chips until they were crispy. He pulled the pan out of the oven and smothered them with cheese and black beans. He put the pan back in the oven so the cheese could melt.
He topped the cheesy sweet potato nachos with green onions, cilantro, avocado, and sour cream. He wanted to add jalapeño slices, but I put my foot down…and since I am pregnant, I get my way:) I didn’t want to have heartburn for the rest of the day! If you don’t have to worry about heartburn, I am sure jalapeño would be a nice addition!
Loaded Sweet Potato Nachos are

########
Rank: 16
Score: 46.761147
Retrieved Text: Let’s See, Potato or Pill?
One of my favorite daily articles is “Eat This, Not That” by Men’s Health, one of the top publications from the folks at Rodale. Rodale publications are where you go for reliable, helpful information on a wide range of topics related to fitness, health, wellness, really useful household tips, and great food. A recent post on the benefits of purple potatoes, sent me off to the internet to read the original study on these High-Antioxidant Potatoes, by Dr. Joe Vinson, Dept of Exercise, Science and Sport, University of Scranton, PA; and had me scrambling for more information on purple potatoes.
Did you know that Americans’ per capita consumption of potatoes is higher than any other vegetable? So finding a healthier way to eat your potatoes is a win-win solution. Dr. Joe’s study found that obese people, not only didn’t gain weight eating 2 small servings of purple potatoes every day, they actually lowered their blood pressure by 4%. That may not be a huge statistical difference, not the kind you might expect to see in people taking a drug to lower blood pressure for instance, but the whole point is to find these sensible substitutions in a natural approach to daily eating and nutrition that, when added up, contribute to maintaining wellness.
The study, the first of its kind to investigate the effect of potatoes on blood pressure, went on to conclude “Purple potatoes are an effective hypotensive agent and lower the risk of heart disease and stroke in hypertensive subjects without weight gain.”

########
Rank: 17
Score: 46.64868
Retrieved Text: This has to be one of the most requested recipes I have ever made. it’s thick and creamy and will warm your body from the inside out.
I love to make this baked potato soup recipe, and it’s one of my families most requested recipes.
I’ve tested out a few slow cooker potato soup recipes and I always go back to this one. It’s by far the easiest and is a true slow cooker recipe. You don’t need anything else other than your slow cooker to make this creamy potato soup recipe.
How do you make a creamy slow cooker potato soup?
The trick with making this slow cooker potato soup thick and creamy is all done on the last 30 minutes of cooking. After you have cooked the potato mixture on high for 4 hours, add one cup of half-and-half and stir well. Cook for an extra 30 minutes and then serve.
It makes the soup so creamy and delicious and it’s a step you definitely don’t want to miss!
How do I make the best potato soup?
The best potato soup is loaded with flavor and can be served plain or with your choice of toppings. The best potato soup is made with a base of onion and potatoes and cooked in a slow cooker on high for at least 3 hours. After 3 hours, mash the potatoes to make it creamy, and add in additional items like cornstarch to thicken over the last hour if needed.
I love loaded potato soup, and adding toppings such as sour cream, green onion, bacon,

########
Rank: 18
Score: 46.388275
Retrieved Text: The Best Funeral Potatoes are a mainstay in some circles. If you’re familiar the Mormon church (where they’re also called Utah potato casserole), you might already know about them.
If you’re not aware of them — don’t ever let a recipe name kill your appetite. The Best Funeral Potatoes are actually just a cheesy potato casserole.
They are so delicious that you’ll want to devour the whole entire casserole yourself. No joke. The recipe calls for things like butter, onion, sour cream, and cheese. You can cook it from scratch with no soup or use homemade soups or make a quick version with canned cream of mushroom soup. Versatile! Topped with potato chips or Doritos.
Oven baked (about an hour at 375°), or cooked in the crockpot (on high, for about four hours). And, yes, you can make this ahead of time and freeze it, too. Bake it at a slightly lower temperature for a couple of hours or until everything is bubbly.
I can’t tell you how many times I’ve just wanted to pick up the entire dish and run with it and eat it all because they are so good.
Where did the name funeral potatoes come from?
Often after a funeral there is a tradition of the family regrouping for a meal after the graveside service.
Friends, a women’s church group, or a service club usually provide the meal. Funeral potatoes are easy to make for a large crowd and everyone seems to love them so they often make the menu for sizeable groups.
We could say funeral potatoes by any

########
Rank: 19
Score: 46.378754
Retrieved Text: Crisp, golden potato wedges baked with Parmesan are delicious for breakfast, brunch or dinner. Cook the potatoes ahead and bake them when you are ready to eat.... How to make oven-baked potato wedges that are perfectly browned and crisp on the outside and tender on the inside. Jump to the Baked Potato Wedges Recipe or read o n to see our tips for making them. Adam and I have a battle going on.
Arrange the potatoes in a single layer on the baking sheet and place it into the broiler. Allow the potatoes to broil for 8 minutes, and then flip them carefully with a pair of tongs.
14/10/2006 · Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease a baking sheet with the olive oil. Grease a baking sheet with the olive oil. Brush potato wedges with butter, and roll in bread crumbs.
25/03/2018 · These turn out to be pretty much fries, but with not the fat and just as crispy. I love the spices! Don't go to drive in or fast food for this great stuff.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 46.18366
Retrieved Text: Since National Sweet Potato Month starts in February, some friends and I thought it would be fun to create some recipes using sweet potatoes as the main ingredient. It’s only in recent years that I started eating sweet potatoes. I don’t remember my mom ever making them when I was growing up. Our family loves them including my girls. They are so versatile to cook with. You can bake them, fry them and even use them in desserts! I plan to make a sweet potato cheesecake soon so I’ll be sure to post the recipe on my site once I do.
Today I wanted to share this recipe for Twice Baked Sweet Potatoes. They are simple to make and taste amazing. The inside is sweet, creamy and rich. I can usually only eat one at a time since they are so filling! The addition of cream cheese makes them creamy and smooth and they don’t require a lot of extra sweeteners since sweet potatoes are naturally sweet. Some recipes call for brown sugar to be added, but I make mine without sugar and use only maple syrup to sweeten. I only use about 1 tbsp and I think any more they would be too sweet! Add pecans at the top adds a contrast of texture.
You might also like these Candied Sweet Potatoes.
Creamy and rich made with maple syrup and cream cheese. One of my fave sides!
Wrap sweet potatoes in aluminum foil. Bake in a 400°F oven for 1 hour to 1 hour 15 minutes or until potatoes

########
Rank: 21
Score: 46.111107
Retrieved Text: A couple of months ago, I received an invitation to travel to Idaho to witness the Idaho potato harvest. I jumped at the chance…potatoes? Little ol’ me has had an obsession with potatoes as long as I can remember. I cook with potatoes all the time and I love to consume them…so this was a perfect fit.
Little did I know, this trip would change my life. I’m serious. Dead serious.
I met 3rd generation potato farmers like Jim Tiede (pictured here with his son, Alex), who are proud of what they do and at the same time are humble. They work incredibly hard and were so excited to show us their farms. We often forget the hard work and sacrifice farmers make in this country…I only wish all of you could have gone on this trip with me.
I just love this photo on Jim’s farm because it seems so serene to me. Jim’s farm harvests 2.7 million pounds of potatoes a day during the harvest which lasts 10 days. I’ll bet you didn’t know that the potatoes from Idaho are harvested only once a year…and yet they last us all year long. And Idaho is 1/3 of the total potato supply in this country. I found all of that pretty amazing. And the care that goes into the harvest as well as the storage of the potatoes year-round is astounding.
Potatoes are living organisms – don’t store them in the fridge or under fluorescent lighting, the best thing to do is to store them in a humid space

########
Rank: 22
Score: 45.98777
Retrieved Text: Baked Potatoes are a simple side dish that just about everyone can make. I have perfected the process of baking a potato and turning it from simple and average to something special that takes only about 1 minute longer to prepare than your everyday version.
Scrub your potatoes and pat them dry with a towel, then stab them 5 or 6 times with a knife.
Prepare a mixture of sea salt, fresh ground pepper (to taste- if you like a lot of salt and pepper then use to your hearts content, if just a touch will do it for you then a few simple twists of the grinder will be perfect) and 3 tablespoons of parmesan cheese on a plate.
Then rub them with cooking oil or olive oil (use what you have on hand).
Roll a potato in the salt, pepper and parmesan cheese and wrap in foil. Repeat until you have used all of the potatoes you planned to bake.
Place them on a cookie sheet and allow to bake for 50 to 75 minutes, depending upon the size of the potato. To test them, when you think they are done stab them with a fork. If the potatoes meet no resistance they are ready to serve.
My family loves Baked Potatoes this way, the skin is a little crispier, the seasoning on the exterior adds a little zing to the potato and they look great! I have been complimented many times over my Baked Potatoes and have been told they are better than something you get in a restaurant!
I

########
Rank: 23
Score: 45.97886
Retrieved Text: Sweet potato fries are more than just a healthy alternative to the traditional potato french fry. These orange fleshed beauties are packed with nutrients and won’t give you that heavy full feeling that you get with a white or yellow fleshed potato.
When my wife started on her low gi diet she introduced the sweet potato into her meals rather than a bog standard potato. All we read about was how the sweet potato was a “super food” in the nutritional world or the bees knees of root vegetables.
Now if you asked me a few months ago if I would have eaten her fried sweet potato fries I would have instantly told you no way. I was not a fan of the sweet potato or yam as they both seem the same to me and I’m still not today unless they are baked sweet potato fries in the oven.
I’ve been toying with this sweet potato fry recipe for a while now trying to get it just right. I think I have finally mastered the sweet potato and know how to bake a sweet potato so I can actually enjoy them.
I was talking to my mum in the UK on the telephone the other day and mentioned how I started to eat sweet potatoes and she says, no, you don’t like them.
She was shocked because although sweet potatoes are more prominent in North America on occasion she would make them at home when I was young but I simply refused to eat them.
She didn’t bother making them anymore

########
Rank: 24
Score: 45.95555
Retrieved Text: Since twice baked sweet potatoes are one of my favorite meals, I just had to create this breakfast version and it does not disappoint! They’re loaded with bacon, onions, and peppers, then baked to perfection with eggs! Whole30 compliant and easy to prep ahead of time.
Breakfasts involving sweet potatoes, bacon, and eggs have been my jam since I started paleo.
Funny, since prior to paleo I had literally never eaten an egg that wasn’t scrambled or hardboiled, never ate sweet potatoes outside of Thanksgiving, and considered bacon way too fatty to digest.
Nowadays, my breakfast is almost always a hash with sweet potatoes (sometimes plantains) bacon or sausage, greens, and an egg. For sure, this is a breakfast I LOVE, but, there are definitely times the idea of a “hash” just isn’t as exciting as it used to be.
Enter these twice baked sweet potatoes – they’re all the same things I love, just reworked in a different form! And trust me, they’re easier than you might imagine, especially if you do most of the prep work ahead of time.
Basically, since none of us are waking up 2 hours early to make breakfast, you can do nearly everything the night before, or on a Sunday with the rest of your meal prep, and then just bake the eggs in the potatoes right before serving.
I wanted the filling for these twice baked sweet potatoes to be simple yet really tasty, so I went with the basics – crispy bacon, bell pepper, and onions, plus spices for flavor.
Either scallions or chives

########
Rank: 25
Score: 45.523067
Retrieved Text: Sweet potatoes are one of the healthiest foods to eat. They are an excellent source of vitamin A, as well as a good source of vitamin C, manganese, copper, pantothenic acid, and vitamin B6. Sweet potatoes are also a good source of potassium, dietary fiber, niacin, vitamin B1, vitamin B2, and phosphorus. Because they have so many health benefits, sweet potatoes are considered a superfood. Unfortunately, some cooking styles raise the fat and sugar level in sweet potatoes. Because of this, you won't be getting as many nutrients as sweet potatoes have to offer. One great way to eat sweet potatoes without losing the nutrients is to steam them. If you have never steamed sweet potatoes before, you have come to the right place. Today, I'll go over how to steam sweet potatoes, as well as additional recipes to try. Let's begin.
Begin by peeling the potatoes. If you have a conventional potato peeler, this process will be much quicker. Otherwise, use a sharp knife to peel the skin off. Keep in mind that you don't have to peel the skin. The sweet potatoes are much smoother and better for mashing if there isn't any skin, but some people may like the texture of the skin. Also, the skin of potatoes has a lot of healthy nutrients too. If you don't mind having the skin stay on the potatoes, you can skip this process.
The next step to steaming sweet potatoes is to slice them. It doesn't matter how large each slice is. Usually, you'll be able to

########
Rank: 26
Score: 45.480812
Retrieved Text: Load ’em up! These Twice Baked Sweet Potatoes are packed with spinach, chicken, flavor and a whole lot nutrients!
Twice baked potatoes can sometimes be a health disaster. Way too much cheese, sour cream, bacon and the portion is huge! So we took out the sour cream and bacon, made the cheese topping very minimal, and we cut each sweet potato in two. But let’s be honest, the kids probably won’t even finish that! But the biggest change of all is that we made these Twice Baked Sweet Potatoes! Sweet potatoes are high in vitamin B6, C and have plenty of fiber! They help keep your immune system strong, provide potassium and keep blood sugar spikes at bay!
Let’s go back to the portions… you can serve these any way you like. I split mine length wise but you could also cut them into thirds so you have two “bowls” and one ring. Make the portions appropriate for how old your kids are. If you have teenage boys, they may eat an entire potato!
I used spinach in my filling but you can use kale or a mixture of both. I just wanted to add some greens to break up the potato and meat. You’ll notice I didn’t add the spinach until the filling was off the heat, I don’t like overcooking my spinach so I let the heat from the filling cook it down rather than the stovetop. You can also mix in bell peppers, a spicy salsa if you have older kids, or whatever veggies you have

########
Rank: 27
Score: 45.372887
Retrieved Text: Black Gold Farms/Better with Reds did sponsor this post, provide red potatoes and provide the prizes, but as always all opinions are 100% mine! I truly love Black Gold Farms and red potatoes!
Big Bear however loves eggs so I do make them from time to time. Plus, eggs are pretty good for you so that’s another good reason to make them. As I’ve said many, MANY times before, BigBear also loves potatoes, so hello… a frittata that’s literally packed with red potatoes?! Of course he’d like that! He actually came up with this idea when I was trying to come up with a Healthy Red Potato recipe to share with you this week!
This week, with the help of Black Gold Farms and Body Media, I’ve brought together 12 fantastic bloggers to share Healthy Red Potato recipes with you this week for “Healthy Living in the New Year” with Better With Reds!! Also there is a HUGE giveaway at the bottom of this post do don’t miss that!
Also on Wednesday January 22nd at 8pm EST we’ll be having a Twitter Chat using the hashtag #HealthyChoices , so make sure to stop by! We’ll be talking about red potatoes, healthy recipes and we’ll be giving away some awesome prizes!
With this recipe I also wanted to share these “Black Gold Farm Roasties” with you! When I went to visit the Black Gold Farms last June I got to check out these cute little packages and I fell in love with them. We love red potatoes anyways but these “Black

########
Rank: 28
Score: 44.995922
Retrieved Text: To launch the start of National Chip Week, I am delighted to offer a FABULOUS giveaway to all my readers – GreenVale Farm Fresh Potatoes have kindly offered a MONTH’S supply of their delectable all-rounder potatoes as a prize along with a stylish Jamie Oliver roasting dish. That’s enough spuds to feed the whole family through National Chip week and beyond!
I was lucky enough to receive a big bag of GreenVale Farm Fresh potatoes just before Christmas and thy made the MOST fabulous roasties for our Christmas Dinner!
Whether it’s crisp and fluffy roasties for a traditional Sunday lunch, smooth velvety mash, a steaming jacket or simply boiled, GreenVale Farm Fresh potatoes are putting taste back where it belongs – right at the centre of your plate. With a delicious creamy texture, delectable buttery taste and rich yellow flesh, GreenVale Farm Fresh are British grown and are the perfect ‘all rounders’ for a tasty and attractive tater dish every time.
GreenVale Farm Fresh uses the ‘Jelly’ variety, which is exclusive to GreenVale and has been carefully selected for its versatility, light creamy texture and, most importantly, delicious flavour. Harvested at their tastiest, they are sold in 2kg mini versions of the traditional paper potato sacks which keeps them fresher for longer, whilst also being environmentally friendly as the packs are 100% recyclable. The distinctive bright green and blue packaging includes fun potato facts, recipe suggestions and details of the farm where the potatoes were grown.
GreenVale Farm Fresh takes the hassle out of your weekly shop as they are

########
Rank: 29
Score: 44.880188
Retrieved Text: This Loaded Baked Potato Soup is perfect for your fall entertaining! Hearty and delicious with toppings of bacon, sour cream and cheese will please your family and your guests.
There’s a definite chill in the air. Ideal soup weather. This easy recipe for a loaded baked potato soup the perfect way to warm you from the inside out. It’s darn tasty, too.
In the winter, I am the one in the family that keeps her coat on for an hour after we get home from running errands, wears multiple layers of clothing, and has an electric mattress pad. The one disadvantage of being skinny is constantly feeling cold when the temps plummet. I sip hot tea all day long.
When it gets really cold, I turn to hot, steaming dishes for dinner. Soup, like this Homemade Beef Barley Soup, is a favorite. Hubby prefers his meat and potatoes, so sprinkling this baked potato soup with a healthy amount of chopped bacon does help.
You can tweak potato soup by mixing in your favorite baked potato toppings. I usually go with sour cream, shredded sharp cheddar, bacon and chives or scallions.
Feel free to saute a few cloves of garlic to make a garlicky baked potato soup. Think of the toppings you enjoy on a baked potato or potato skins. The possibilities are endless.
Give this loaded baked potato soup a try. My countdown to spring has begun. How about you?
A creamy potato soup garnished like a baked potato!
Wash potatoes and prick with a fork. Bake at 400º for one hour or till

================



======= Instance Index 110 =========
Input Text: A sedentary lifestyle of always sitting down is nearly as unhealthy as a bad diet, but still people sit on the couch all day and what?
Choose the most suitable option to answer the above question.
Options:
- talk
- relaxing
- pee
- gardening
- watch tv

Target Text: watch tv

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 53.421276
Retrieved Text: March 26, 2012 -- Don't take this sitting down, but spending too much time in a chair is bad for your health -- really, really bad.
New research published in the Archives of Internal Medicine shows that people who spend a lot of time sitting may be up to 40% more likely to die from any cause, compared to people who don't sit as long.
The study tracked nearly 222,500 Australian adults for about three years. During that time, people's odds of dying dovetailed with how much time they spent sitting.
What's so bad about sitting for long periods? That's not totally clear. But exercise and movement do have a positive effect on blood fats called triglycerides and other heart risks, and improves blood pressure, Patel says.
Her advice: Sit for five fewer minutes per hour. “Small changes can have a big impact," she says.
Technology may fight that. It's given us fewer reasons to move, says David A. Friedman, MD. He is the chief of heart failure services at North Shore Plainview Hospital in Plainview, N.Y.
The new study doesn't prove that sitting killed people. It's not clear which came first -- poorer health or spending more time in a chair.
Still, there's no doubt that movement is good for many reasons.
“It is hard to say whether someone is fairly sedentary because they are inactive or if they are inactive because of other things, such as an unhealthy lifestyle that includes smoking," says Scott Kahan, MD, MPH. He is the director of the National Center for Weight and Wellness in Washington, D.C.
Van

########
Rank: 1
Score: 43.38118
Retrieved Text: In India, people start their day at 7 or 8 am in the morning, and by the time they get back home, it’s 7, 8 in the evening, so most of the people live a fairly sedentary lifestyle, spending most of the days staring at a laptop or at a computer, and there is very little time for physical exercise. That’s why health concerns are growing. A lot of people in their early 30’s, late 30’s, early 40’s are beginning to get these problems because of the sedentary lifestyle.
India leads the world in rates of cardiovascular disease and diabetes. Though Indians have started taking baby steps towards living a healthy lifestyle, there is still a lot that needs to be done on the health front. At the outset, we need to understand the importance of a healthy heart in our lives. The heart is the pump at the center of the body’s circulation system. This system ensures that fresh blood, containing oxygen and nutrients, is delivered throughout the whole body, and carbon dioxide and waste products are taken away.
• Age - For men, the risk of heart disease goes up after age 55; for women, the risk rises sharply after menopause.
Family history, genetics, and age are a few factors we can’t do anything about but we certainly can do right things from the right age to avoid the worst to come. As mentioned earlier, we live a very sedentary lifestyle where we don’t have any space for self-care. We sit in front of our computer and

########
Rank: 2
Score: 43.138332
Retrieved Text: As a freelancer you sit all day I bet.
From your bed to the kitchen table to have breakfast, then maybe to the couch for some laptop emailing and maybe off to your day job where you…sit.
Freelance writing can take a significant toll on your physical health.
Then you come home and sit at your home office and hustle all night.
Did you know that freelance writing can take a significant toll on your physical health?
No, you aren’t dealing with dangerous equipment on a construction worksite, hazardous chemicals in a hospital, or interacting with violence on a day-to-day basis.
No, freelance writing, conducted from the comfort of your home, feels like a safe option. And it is. But you aren’t immune to health risks.
Why? Your work requires sitting – yes, I said sitting – in front of a computer for an extended period of time. This work environment encourages sedentary behavior.
The Sedentary Behavior Research Network defines sedentary behavior as any waking action – such as sitting, writing, engaging in screen time, reading, and driving – with low energy expenditure.
Why should you, as a freelancer, care about this? It’s estimated that about 1 in 5 people are sedentary, and this lifestyle has been linked to infection, back pain, and chronic illness.
Because your job mandates you sit for a significant portion of the day – you might be at risk for illness.
So, if freelance writing is your passion, and you want to keep working for years to come – you have to find ways to make health part of your daily routine.
No

########
Rank: 3
Score: 42.630978
Retrieved Text: Why Binge-Watching TV Causes Premature Death?
What Happens To Your Body When You Binge-Watch TV?
It sounds scary, right? Indeed it is! But it’s not just simply watching television can lead you to death. It is about binge-watching TV. One study1 back in 2014 found that 3 or more hours a day of TV is bad.
This is a cohort study looking at the link between sedentary behaviors and mortality. The researchers have confirmed that television viewing of 3 or more hours a day has a direct link with all-cause mortality.
On the other hand, sitting due to computer use and driving were not significantly linked with death rates.
The unhealthy side effect of binge-watching television is not new. In fact, one study found that it can have a negative impact on male fertility. Moreover, longer screentime causes an increase in an epidemic of global blindness, as well as affects children’s behavior.
Generally, when you are binge-watching television, you immerse yourself in a sedentary lifestyle. Sitting for long hours as in the case of watching TV is a good example of an inactive or sedentary lifestyle.
One earlier study2 linked sitting as a biomarker for poor metabolic health. And, that sitting for a long time correlates with increased risks of metabolic disorders like heart disease and type 2 diabetes.
Moreover, excessive sitting has also been blamed for the prevalence of many chronic health problems. In addition, many health experts now recognize the bad effect of excessive sitting. In fact, they consider sitting for a long time has similar consequences as cigarette smoking.
Today, it is

########
Rank: 4
Score: 42.141033
Retrieved Text: Are you sitting comfortably? Hopefully not, according to the authors of a recent British Heart Foundation (BHF) report.
British sitting habits, or ‘sedentary behaviours’, have been blamed for heightening risks of cardiovascular disease (as well as costing the NHS a whopping £1.2 billion a year). The World Health Organisation now classes sedentary behaviour in the top 10 leading causes of death worldwide.
While these health actors denounce a new ‘pandemic’ of physical inactivity and call for a change in public health priorities, there remains an elephant, or even two elephants, in the room.
The first is that most of us are actually required (and often paid) to engage daily in the aforementioned ‘sedentary behaviour’, rather than this being simply a matter of ‘personal choice’. The second is that ‘physical inactivity’ is not a practice per se, but rather the failure to comply to new set of moral norms.
We tend to forget that the category of the ‘physically inactives’ which now includes 20 million Britons is in fact a constructed category. One that morphs depending on public health organisations’ latest guidelines as to what is currently deemed sufficient physical activity for the average adult.
To improve population health, the NHS have called for people to take individual responsibility for all this sitting. In a controversial statement, epidemiology professor Dr Min-Lee assimilated physical inactivity to cigarette smoking. But telling people that sitting is bad for them might not have the desired effect, since this ‘sedentary behaviour’ (as it is referred to in health science circles) happens to be deeply embedded in the

########
Rank: 5
Score: 42.127922
Retrieved Text: Since there are lots of unhealthy products and practices out there, it might feel very hard to live a healthy lifestyle nowadays. But the reality is that it all comes down to you. If you work hard and focus on staying healthy, the results can be great. There are always going to be some challenges in regards to retaining a very good health, but if you are focused and committed you can still maintain a great lifestyle in the long run. Here are some great tips to get you started.
A healthy diet will help you stay healthy and it will keep you away from health issues. You want to eat more fruits and veggies every day if possible. Five serves of veggies and fruits per day will be more than ok. You can also use fruits as snacks. That being said, you have to remove processed foods and fast foods from your diet as fast as possible, as that’s the last thing that you want to deal with.
Working out and exercising will help you immensely. If you live a sedentary lifestyle you can end up gaining a lot of weight. That’s why you should work out at least 30 minutes or more every day. It sounds like a lot at first, but you really need this. If possible, try to focus on specific parts of your body such as your belly or muscles. These focused workouts can really help a lot in the long run.
2 liters of water per day should be minimum for everyone. Water

########
Rank: 6
Score: 41.759975
Retrieved Text: Living healthy is not an option but a necessity! Our health is the foundation to everything else we do in life. Good health is a sign of a balanced and responsible person and it reflects on every domain in life. Professional, personal and family lives become healthy as your diet goes healthy too. Being overweight can cause health problems, increase lethargy and also lower self esteem. Everybody has a specific weight measure - too much or too little is a sign of an unhealthy lifestyle.
Numerous people across the globe constantly struggle with losing weight. Busy sedentary lifestyles and unhealthy food habits are the main reasons for inappropriate weight. A balanced and healthy diet is a mix of all essential nutrients, in the right proportion, all through the day. The two main nutrients that are responsible for gaining weight are carbs and fats.
While it's important to consume both carbs and fats, it must be consumed in the right quantity. Carbs and fats are the main source of energy but there are other sources too that can give the energy required by the body. Cutting down, not completely negating, the consumption of carbs and fats helps start losing weight and improve overall health.
First and foremost, we need to look at where these 'bad' carbs and fats come from. We're talking about trans fats and simple carbs. The more processing goes into a specific food, the more likely it is that it contains trans fats and lots of carbs which lead to weight gain, among many other health problems

########
Rank: 7
Score: 41.526337
Retrieved Text: We know that a Western diet is spreading obesity far and wide. But as bad Western habits make their way across the globe it seems the risk of cancer is on the rise as well, according to a report released by the American Cancer Society and published in CA: A Cancer Journal for Clinicians. According to a story initially reported in Business Week, that I saw on Natural News, a new report warned that changing lifestyles linked with economic growth have increased instances of cancer worldwide. Lifestyle changes in conjunction with economical stability and growth include adopting a sedentary way of life, smoking, and eating an unhealthy diet.
[A]bout one-third of all cancer deaths that occurred worldwide in 2008 (equal to roughly 7,300 deaths per day) might have been avoided by focusing on preventable risk factors such as smoking, drinking, infection patterns and dietary habits.
The study added that the 2008 numbers (12.7 million new cancer cases and 7.6 million cancer deaths) were expected to double by 2030 as the population grows and ages.
But it's no secret that many of these risk factors can be controlled through a healthy low impact way of life. Avoid a sedentary lifestyle by walking or biking to work each morning. Walk or run your errands and skip the car whenever possible. Eat a whole foods diet and make sure you know where every ingredient was sourced. And obviously smoking is out. I wrote over on Planet Green about Christina Pirello and some of her recommendations for prevention like cutting alcohol intake to

########
Rank: 8
Score: 41.3422
Retrieved Text: New health trends are all over the place. Decrease your sugar intake. Increase your exercise. Avoid carbohydrates. That’s what experts like the World Health Organization, FOD Volksgezondheid and Pascale Naessens are telling you to do.
Lately, one topic in particular has been getting more and more attention: sitting. We are all sitting too much and for too long.
As the Dutch saying goes: “stagnation is like going backwards”. It’s the same story when it comes to sitting and your health: sitting on the same seat too long causes your health to deteriorate. A growing body of scientific research shows clear causality between sitting and diabetes, osteoporosis, obesity and cardiovascular diseases. With these unhealthy side effects in mind, you can truly consider sitting to be the new smoking. Unfortunately, it’s not easy for people to kick a sedentary lifestyle.
This is especially a problem when you have a job where you sit behind a desk all day long. A career in the IT sector is a good example of a job in which sitting is generally part and parcel of the work routine. Of course, there’s sitting and then there’s sitting sitting. The tips to avoid sitting sitting are pretty straightforward: get a cup of coffee, take a bathroom break, walk to the printer, etc. But in practice, you often really want to focus on a task. In this case, taking a walk from time to time is just not an option.
"The solution to this problem is self-evident: you can simply work while standing up."
Today, most companies still opt for

########
Rank: 9
Score: 41.152218
Retrieved Text: Walking heals and is the cure to a sedentary lifestyle. You don't even have to break a sweat! Just small, simple movements throughout your day can help you maintain lifelong health.
You’ve probably heard that it is important to exercise for 30 to 60 minutes a day for improved health and weight loss. What you may not know is that the amount we spend sitting each day; behind a desk at work, driving or watching TV, is just as important to our health.
This means that working out for one hour a day, and then sitting around the rest of the day isn’t going to cut it when it comes to your health. If you want to have the best chance for avoiding chronic health conditions, it is important to exercise and engage in non-sedentary activities throughout your day, researchers are learning.
In fact, research has shown that the amount of time we spend sitting has been linked to a higher risk of obesity and developing diabetes and a greater chance of dying earlier than those who spend less time being sedentary.
In her book, Sitting Kills, Moving Heals, Joan Vernikos, Ph.D., discusses her research on Gravity Deprivation Syndrome during her time at NASA. Astronauts suffer from this syndrome during space travel, but we experience similar effects from long periods of sitting or lying down.
Vernikos found that a lifestyle of daily movement that resists the force of gravity, in addition to exercise, is the key to maintaining good health.
Researchers and fitness experts agree that walking heals because it can counteract

########
Rank: 10
Score: 40.65919
Retrieved Text: Have you ever noticed just how much time you spend sitting down every day? Whether it's staring at a screen, traveling to and from work or sitting at a desk all day, it all adds up. Yet the simple fact is that our bodies just weren't designed to sit for long periods, and this sedentary lifestyle is beginning to take its toll.
Historically, we humans are not naturally sedentary creatures. Whether tending to crops or out hunting wild beasts, for most of our existence we've lived on our feet. But with the advent of TV, computers and desk jobs we're sitting down more than we ever have before - roughly 9.3 hours a day on average. That's even longer than an average sleep.
What exactly is a sedentary lifestyle?
A sedentary lifestyle is defined as one where an individual does not take part in regular amounts of physical activity. The Ministry of Health recommends we do at least 2.5 hours of moderate activity or 1.25 hours of vigorous activity spread over a week - or more for extra benefits.
Sitting time adds up wherever you are, so don't let it. Alternating sitting and standing throughout the day burns more calories, and can even help you lose weight. Try and interrupt sitting time whenever you can. For instance, you could introduce a rule that you only ever use your phone while standing. Or if you're at work, suggest having standing meetings. It might even make everyone focus better and result in shorter meetings!
This one's even easier. For short journeys, choose active

########
Rank: 11
Score: 40.555347
Retrieved Text: Obesity, type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular diseases have grown to be major health problems across the Netherlands and beyond, and the burden of ill health it imposes is likely to continue to develop for years to come. Sufficient physical activity, low levels of sedentary behaviour and a healthy diet are key lifestyle behaviours for the prevention of these diseases.
Lifestyle behaviours and consequent health status are not only individual choices as they are influenced by contextual - or upstream - factors in our social and physical environments. Our social and physical environment often makes it easy to adopt and maintain an unhealthy lifestyle. But what factors -or combination of factors- drive people to behave unhealthy? And why are some people more susceptible to environmental influences than others? How do social and physical environmental factors interact with individual characteristics?
Answers are essential in order to work towards effective prevention programmes.
The Upstream Team seeks to gain knowledge in the spaces, places and conditions which shape lifestyle behaviours in adults, and explores how these relate to subsequent chronic disease risk.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 40.253086
Retrieved Text: 70% of Australian adults are sedentary. This hard truth changes how you should eat and train to stay lean. There’s no getting around it.
I’ve got clients that when I refer to them as sedentary get a little uncomfortable. They get a little defensive. One might even say they get a little butthurt!
“No I’m not” they claim, defaulting back to their former teenage self.
Are you horizontal for 6-7 hours a night, sit down to breakfast, sit down in the car to go to work, sit at your desk, sit at lunch, sit at your desk, sit in your car, then sit in front of the TV? Lets face it, unless your job makes you crack a sweat, you’re sedentary.
“Whatever mate, you’re just some bloke in a gym” I get the feeling they say to themselves.
They look at me like I’ve just seen their internet search history. I look at them and smile. Lets have a look at the facts eh?
What Is The Definition Of Sedentary?
According to the Sedentary Behaviour Research Network ( yeah, there is one, it surprised me too ) sedentary behaviour refers to any waking activity characterized by an energy expenditure of equal to or less than 1.5 metabolic equivalents in a sitting or reclining posture.
In general this means that any time a person is sitting or lying down, they are engaging in sedentary behaviour. Common sedentary behaviours include TV viewing, video game playing, computer use (collective termed “screen time”… so every single seated computer worker ), driving automobiles, and reading.
Statistically this is probably you,

########
Rank: 13
Score: 40.241
Retrieved Text: Happiness is presented in the kitchen connoisseur. The word ‘healthy lifestyle’ may seem arduous before you uncover it on your own. The kitchen connoisseur unquestionably provides a magical touch for your existence. And just what if the magic is produced using the least possible effort? Yeah, you’ll surely appreciate it. Adapting it’s much simpler and enjoyable of computer appears. Otherwise exaggeration, it’s the only way to get yourself using this wrecked lifestyle. Let’s now consider couple of simple steps that really help in obtaining the kitchen connoisseur.
There is little come easily, but a healthier lifestyle will. Healthy way of life might be forecasted as hectic task, but actually it just takes very couple of alterations in your family living. These small adjustments inside your lifestyle may need you to forego couple of ailing habits, like idleness, drug or excessive drinking, unhealthy food habits, sedentary lifestyle and adapt couple of good habits for example, thinking positively, being dedicated, getting active, living natural, keeping clean and more importantly loving yourself. These small changes in some places inside your existing lifestyle will certainly create a great difference.
A sound body is marked by active lifestyle. Nothing can produce a body active the way in which exercise does. Sedentary lifestyle may take you nowhere. The only method you may make the body happy is as simple as moving it. Exercise may strengthen the body, behave as a stress buster and furthermore it’s the natural method of preserving your body and letting it perform its regular functions correctly.
Weight problems is really a

########
Rank: 14
Score: 39.956276
Retrieved Text: A library on campus recently advertised their new standing-height workstations with a catchy sign proclaiming that “sitting is the new sugar.” Like sugar, sitting may not be bad for your health in small doses, but too much can be a bad thing. The sentiment this example conveys points to a burgeoning literature linking prolonged sitting to a range of deleterious health outcomes and the need to promote movement and change in posture. In fact, recent studies have linked prolonged total sedentary time with obesity, diabetes, cancer, back pain, and psychological distress. Simply put, sedentary behaviors might be killing us. What can we do? First, let’s define sedentary behavior and then we’ll introduce some findings from our research.
Derived from the Latin sedens, meaning “to sit,” the word sedentary can mean either insufficient physical activity or excessive sitting. Yet to conflate these two ideas is to overlook the unique consequences each poses to human health. An estimated two-thirds of adults fail to obtain adequate exercise, so physical inactivity is a health risk that pertains to a large portion of the American population. But even if we met physical activity guidelines, the benefits of such exercise could be “undone” if the rest of our waking hours are spent sitting down (Hamilton et al., 2008). Good health depends on limiting sedentary time as well.
Sedentary behavior is generally defined as energy expenditure less than or equal to 1.5 metabolic equivalents while in a sitting, reclining, or lying posture. By this definition, almost any seated activity, including computer work, watching TV, or

########
Rank: 15
Score: 39.80715
Retrieved Text: Juicing is a common but still controversial topic between the individuals which are conscious about their health. Some say that is great because it is nutritive and helps the body to detox.
It is especially beneficial for people who have fast lifestyle and can’t consume many fresh products a day. Juicing provides the body with combinations of different ingredients with great nutritive value.
But still there is the other side which claims that juicing in not healthy at all.
Brandon Kola who is a personal trainer and nutritionist, living in Boston MA is in favor of the second group. He says that despite the fact that the body gets many of the needed supplies while consuming juices, the person has less functional body. He also adds that these people may have problems with muscle mass, metabolism and lack of fiber.
But if you ask Adam Harding – Jones who is 48 years old and lives in England he will tell you that juicing is the best.
He lost 140 pounds and he says that he feels a lot younger.
He adds that juicing changes his life, helping him to lose 140 pounds in just a year and he improved his health. He weighed 420 pounds and thanks to the diet based on juices he changes his life.
Motivated by the popular TV show “Fat, Sick and Nearly Dead” plus the failure of his kidneys ne decided that it was high time for him to change something in his lifestyle.
He explains that previously he felt horrible and old. After trying this diet he felt

########
Rank: 16
Score: 39.693512
Retrieved Text: Increase classroom activity with a Stand Up Desk. Childhood obesity is an on-going problem, and with 1 in 10 children classed as been obese or overweight it proves they are simply not getting enough exercise.
The majority of a child’s daily life is spent studying in a classroom where they are encouraged to sit and work at a static desk. This sedentary behaviour teamed with hours on games consoles and an unhealthy diet is a harmful combination.
Introducing a stand up desk into classrooms will increase the percentage of individual activity each day and promote an active lifestyle. Allowing pupils to stand up for short intervals will reduce fatigue; improve productivity and increase the metabolic rate. Research shows that stand up desks burn more calories, as standing increases the heart rate which burns an extra 50 calories per hour.
Obesity related ill-health costs the NHS millions every year. In an aim to combat this issue the government have discussed introducing a soft drinks levy. This won’t stop the consumption of sugary drinks or unhealthy lifestyles, what we really need to do is get Britain on the move with a stand up desk.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 39.674625
Retrieved Text: Researchers have said that sitting for long hours may increase risk of death from cardiovascular disease.
A doctor at the Mayo Clinic in Rochester, Minn., calls it the "sitting disease," likening the ill effects of inactivity that doctors are still discovering to the discovery of the side effects of smoking.
Dr. James Levine helped initiate a new study at a small company in Minneapolis. "Work-fit" stations replaced 30 desks, so employees can now sit or stand while working, the Discovery News reported.
Levine himself has been walking on a treadmill while he works for years. The study, and a handful of similar studies world wide, are ongoing.
"Researchers have linked sitting for prolonged periods with a number of health problems and premature death from cardiovascular disease," Levine wrote on the Mayo Clinic website.
"In one study, adults who spent more than four hours a day sitting in front of the television had an 80 percent increased risk of death from cardiovascular disease compared with adults who spent less than two hours a day in front of the TV. This risk was independent of other risk factors such as smoking or diet," he cited.
The solution, Levine said, is not extra gym time, which doesn't seem to offset the risk.
"Rather, the solution seems to be less sitting and more moving," he wrote.
"Simply by standing, you burn three times as many calories as you do sitting. Muscle contractions, including the ones required for standing, seem to trigger important processes related to the breakdown of fats and sugars. When you sit down, muscle contractions cease

########
Rank: 18
Score: 39.641018
Retrieved Text: Sitting is the new smokingTM.
So why do you let your employees sit all day?
Get employees active at their desks, throughout the day.
Introducing the UtiliFIT Activity Engine, a patent-pending technology that disrupts sedentary behavior with small physical challenges spaced at medically-recommended intervals throughout the day.
Healthier employees in 2 minutes per hour.
Research shows that even just a minute or two of activity an hour is enough to keep the body from entering its “sedentary” mode. Not only do UtiliFIT players lower their risk for a host of chronic illnesses, but players report that they feel more energetic, concentrate better and are more productive.
A Step Ahead runs on the UtiliFIT Activity Engine.
Walking is just the beginning… daily desk activity games, diet, exercise and lifestyle tracking, and the UtiliFIT Progress System add daily benefit to A Step Ahead challenges far beyond simply walking.
Even though A Step Ahead challenges only require steps, over 89% of players actively choose to play UtiliFIT desk activity games or track healthy diet, exercise and lifestyle activity in the UtiliFIT Tracker for extra points in their A Step Ahead challenge.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 39.41213
Retrieved Text: Sit around all day and you can expect to be sick, overweight, depressed, and on your way to premature death.
It's easy to focus on the present without thought of the future, but the choices you make today will affect tomorrow. Stay up late tonight and you’ll be tired tomorrow morning. Skip flossing for a few months and your dentist is more likely to find cavities. Skip exercising and—well, you can overcome that any day, right? After all, you're in good health and not too overweight, so why exercise? Since you don't have time to workout and prefer not to break a sweat, you may think you are exempt from needing to work out.
Unfortunately, this incorrect thinking can have very dangerous side effects.
Though exercise may not be your favorite thing to do, physical activity should be a regular part of your life for a host of reasons. Not only does working out help your mood and your physique, but people who lead a sedentary lifestyle are at a greater risk for medical conditions, weight gain, clinical depression, and premature death.
Here's what can happen when you don't exercise.
You drive to work, sit all day at a desk, drive home, and sit all evening on the couch. If this sounds like you, prepare yourself for disease, sickness, and failing health. Just as exercise cuts your likelihood of suffering all sorts of ailments, not getting in the gym on a regular basis drastically increases your risk for major diseases like type 2 diabetes, heart disease, osteoporosis, metabolic syndrome, cancer, and

########
Rank: 20
Score: 39.298702
Retrieved Text: Before I begin, I’d like to mention that I have some surprising news that you may want to stand up for. That’s right, stand up; because what you are currently doing can be severely harming your health.
Years ago, our ancestors’ average day consisted of hunting (or running from) wild animals, gathering foods to eat, or tending to crops. As our species evolved, our society has shifted to a much more sedentary lifestyle. Gone are the days of working the fields and cultivating crops. Today, the majority of North Americans spend their day sitting behind a desk in front of a computer screen or on a couch watching TV; this has been an inevitable shift caused by the digital revolution.
The result of this shift has us sitting for a large portion of our day. On average, people spend over eight hours a day sitting; that’s more time than the average person spends sleeping. Unfortunately, many studies are now suggesting that sitting can be one of the worst activities (or lack thereof) that contributes to many of the health issues we currently suffer from.
The problem with sitting is that humans were not built to do it for extended periods of time. The concept of sitting for hours on end has only taken root in the last half-century or so, and the impact on our health is widespread. A study conducted by the American Cancer Society found that people who sat for more than six hours a day had a 40 percent higher chance of dying in the next

########
Rank: 21
Score: 39.215374
Retrieved Text: Welcome to our 5-part series delving into the fascinating research being performed in the emerging field of sedentary physiology. In Part 1 we discussed the basics of sedentary physiology, in Part 2 we discussed the relationship between total sedentary time and negative health outcomes, and in Part 3 we examined how interruptions in sedentary time may be protective health benefits. Today we look at the mechanisms underlying these relationships.
There are a number of mechanisms – both physiological and behavioural – which are thought to link excess sedentary behaviour with increased risk of obesity, metabolic dysfunction, and even death. Many of the physiological mechanisms are consistent across behaviours (e.g. as far as your skeletal muscle is concerned, sitting in front of the TV is likely to be quite similar to sitting in the car or at a desk), while the behavioural mechanisms may to vary a bit depending on the context. Let’s begin by looking at the behavioural factors.
Quite obviously, when you are engaging in sedentary behaviours, you are not being physically active. And so one common assumption is that people who sit more are at increased health risk simply because they are getting less physical activity. And there is some evidence that sedentary behaviour can displace physical activity. For example, a recent study suggests that active transportation to and from school in the Toronto area dropped by roughly 20% in the past 2 decades, while the amount of sedentary commuting (e.g. commuting by car) doubled during the same period. However, a paper from the European Youth

########
Rank: 22
Score: 39.139393
Retrieved Text: Your job may be your life, but it can also mean your premature death from high cholesterol levels, research shows. And high cholesterol can lead to fatal heart disease.
Tests on workers ranging from estate agents and lawyers to taxi drivers and teachers found that hectic schedules leaving little time for proper meals or exercise were leading to higher cholesterol.
Taxi drivers with their sedentary lifestyles and unhealthy eating habits were found to have the highest cholesterol levels on average - 5.7 millimole per litre of blood (mmol/L).
Almost half of all heart disease deaths are caused by high cholesterol, but campaigners say few people are aware of the link or what they can do to combat it.
Guidelines recommend that cholesterol levels should be 4mmol and under.
But the latest research, involving tests on 500 people, found the majority were well above this.
The study, conducted by Alpro soya, found that hairdressers had the lowest cholesterol at 4mmol, followed by head-hunters (4.3mmol) and builders (4.7mmol).
After taxi drivers estate agents had the highest cholesterol levels at 5.5mmol, followed by lawyers (5.2mmol) and teachers (5mmol).
Both firemen and dentists had cholesterol levels of 4.8mmol.
Those participants with higher levels blamed their dependence on takeaways and regular drinking for the problem.
Those with more active jobs, such as builders, and people who have to look good, like hairdressers and head-hunters, appeared to also benefit from lower cholesterol.
Dietician Tanya Carr said: "The worrying thing is that over half of UK adults don't know what a healthy cholesterol level is and 70% of adults have cholesterol levels higher than

########
Rank: 23
Score: 39.13479
Retrieved Text: Of course the long, stationary workdays of most Americans are unhealthy. The solution should not be to sit less, but to work less. If sitting is as bad as the doctors say—and I’m sure it is!—then why not prescribe longer lunch breaks, shorter hours, and more vacation? You can still be chained to a standing desk. Is it any surprise that its biggest fans are the paternalist creeps of Silicon Valley?
I picture [Paul Theroux] sitting on the transcontinental trains from which he observed his most famous books. There are few places more sedentary than a train car; there are also few better ways to see the world. For Theroux, sitting was motion. A seat on the Boston metro for him was not merely a source of comfort; it was an introduction to adventure. “As we drew into South Station I was a mile closer to Patagonia,” he writes in the opening pages of The Old Patagonian Express.
In my own little world, I’ve been sitting (and working) on trains quite a lot recently, noticing how far my summer residence seems to be displaced from what they call “the real world”. I’m now looking forward to spend almost four weeks without any movement beyond the beach, in order to continue to get my head around the upcoming parts of my transition series.
Every time I read about someone being oh-so-happy with a standing desk I can’t help thinking about my father, who has almost never touched a computer (except to play some occasional game with me, a long time

########
Rank: 24
Score: 39.0372
Retrieved Text: It’s time for us to shape up and maximize our heart health.
The heart is the most important muscle in the human body. It is responsible for the overall livelihood of the human body. It helps us deliver transport oxygen into our bloodstream and helps keep us going. However, our society’s lifestyle is greatly impacting our heart health.
According to the American Heart Association, 1 in 4 deaths are related to heart disease. That equals up to 610,000 deaths a year from heart disease in the United States. This is no surprise when we look at how our society has embraced a more sedentary lifestyle. Also, if we look at our unhealthy diets, we can connect the dots and easily see how heart disease can be so prevalent today.
On behalf of Heart Health month, the American Heart Association has plenty of tips and tricks for us to make sure that we are able to keep our hearts happy and healthy.
1. Manage your blood pressure.
The excess strain and resulting damage from high blood pressure cause the coronary arteries serving the heart to slowly become narrowed from a buildup of fat, cholesterol and other substances that together are called plaque. As arteries harden with plaque, blood clots become more likely to form. This can lead to potential heart attacks. Managing your blood pressure can help maintain your heart health. One of the ways to help manage your blood pressure is by focusing on eating healthier and reducing your sodium intake. Make sure you consult a physician to determine the best

########
Rank: 25
Score: 39.017967
Retrieved Text: At home, at work, and in the community, people today are moving less and sitting more than previous generations, and researchers are just beginning to understand the health risks associated with these behavior trends. Until recently, population-based research focused on the adverse effects associated with inadequate levels of exercise. But the latest evidence suggests that too much sitting – sedentary behavior – also has ill effects, and that these effects are distinct from those of too little exercise.
One researcher studying these issues is Charles Matthews, Ph.D., a physical activity epidemiologist in NCI’s Division of Cancer Epidemiology and Genetics. He and his colleagues used information from the NIH-AARP Diet and Health Study, which was developed at NCI, to examine the independent effects of sedentary behavior and exercise on the risk of death due to various causes, including cancer. The researchers found that prolonged television viewing and overall sitting time were associated with an increased risk of death (mortality) from all causes. Higher amounts of television viewing were also linked to an increased risk of death from cardiovascular disease and cancer. Compared with those who reported watching less than 1 hour of television per day, people who watched 7 or more hours per day had a 60% greater risk of dying from all causes, nearly twice the risk of death due to cardiovascular disease, and a 20% greater risk of death due to cancer.
“Our study was one of the larger studies, and one of only a handful, that has shown evidence of a link between sedentary behavior and

########
Rank: 26
Score: 38.961777
Retrieved Text: Probably the most noticeable problem associated with sitting in one place for too long is physical pain. Many people with desk jobs have neck, upper back, or lower back problems. One way to counteract pain is to practice good posture—sitting up straight in your chair will also help you burn more calories. Invest in a comfortable chair, and visit a chiropractor regularly.
In the 1960s, nearly half of all jobs required physical activity. Now, less than 20% do. Obesity rates have doubled, and though we can’t attribute the entire percentage to desk jobs alone (processed foods and unhealthy diets are also to blame), there is a distinct correlation.
In addition, fat-burning enzymes drop by 90% when you sit, and calorie burning slows to one calorie per minute.
Some studies claim that people who spend 11 hours a day sitting have a 40% increased chance of death. Sitting at a desk increases chances of heart failure, high blood pressure, stroke, musculoskeletal problems, and diabetes. Some statistics say that people with desk jobs are twice as likely to have cardiovascular disease.
Our bodies were not meant to be as sedentary as office jobs force us to be, and society’s increased reliance on desk jobs reflects that in increasing health problems for office employees.
Unfortunately, it’s not possible for everyone to leave their desk jobs to find something more active. And studies have shown that hitting the gym before work or going on evening runs isn’t enough to counteract the hours you spent in a chair.
Being as active as possible in the workplace is

########
Rank: 27
Score: 38.88851
Retrieved Text: When we hear about solutions to a sedentary lifestyle, the answer that we usually get is that one simply needs to get up and exercise. The only answer is usually to just hit the gym and stop being so sedentary. However, there is a lot more to it.
Exercise is not the singular answer to a sedentary lifestyle; it is actually a very limited view of a much bigger problem. A new study shows that, for those of us who do lead relatively sedentary lives, a few hours of exercise at the gym every week isn’t enough to maintain good health and a properly running circularity and respiratory system.
The reason for this is that when a man or a woman spends eight hours or more sitting down in a day and then only an hour a day exercising, the amount of time spent sitting still outweighs the exercise done. People who have sedentary jobs who are in really good shape and are very healthy almost always are doing something else too to help them stay healthy.
• Fidget while you work, as crazy as that sounds. There is no straight scientific proof of this, but a lot of health professionals speculate that fidgeting might be what separates thin people from overweight people. Fidgeting works the muscles and engages joints, and it actually burns calories too.
• Make your TV time active time too. Do exercises during commercial breaks, even if you already hit the gym that day. Do things like jumping jacks, push-ups, crunches, and other fat-blasting moves during

########
Rank: 28
Score: 38.743687
Retrieved Text: Senior study author Dr. Yin Cao, who is an assistant professor in the Department of Surgery at Washington University School of Medicine in St. Louis, MO, suggests that the new finding "may help identify those at high risk and who might benefit more from early screening."
Biological study reveals how a diet rich in brassicas could prevent gut inflammation and colon cancer.
Although still relatively rare, rates of colorectal cancer among those aged 20–49 years "have increased dramatically," they note.
For their investigation, Dr. Cao and colleagues turned to the Nurses' Health Study, which is part of a project that started in 1976 and is looking into "risk factors for major chronic diseases in women."
The team analyzed data on 89,278 women in the Nurses' Health Study II. This data included surveys about cancer diagnoses and sedentary behavior, including the amount of time that the women spent sitting and watching TV.
They found a link between "prolonged sedentary TV viewing time" and a higher risk of young-onset colorectal cancer, even after adjusting for known risk factors, such as BMI, exercise, diet, smoking, and family history of colorectal cancer.
"We found that increased TV viewing time was statistically significantly associated with risk of young-onset [colorectal cancer], particularly rectal cancer," note the authors.
They point out that "several biological mechanisms" support their observations. Prolonged sitting can mean that any cancer-causing agents in feces, "such as secondary bile acids," have more time to affect the gut.
The authors conclude that the findings emphasize the "importance of maintaining an active lifestyle."
The study's strengths include its large cohort and

########
Rank: 29
Score: 38.730293
Retrieved Text: The medical community has spoken. Enemy number one used to be smoking, but far fewer people are smoking than in the past. The new enemy, according to many doctors, is our culture of sitting. It is not at all uncommon for one to eat breakfast sitting down, then commute to work sitting in a car, then work all day sitting at a desk, then come home to relax… by sitting on the couch and watching television. It’s especially common in Raleigh with all of the tech jobs in our area.
The majority of Americans now sit for more than six hours a day, with some sitting for 10 or even 15 hours a day. This may seem like a natural way to live, but in reality, it is severely damaging our health. Human beings evolved to move, not to be sedentary in one place all day. The effects of sitting this much are more catastrophic than we could have imagined.
Before we even get to the physical effects of constant sitting, we should first talk about how it affects the psyche. Multiple studies have shown rates of both anxiety and depression increasing among those living a sedentary lifestyle. In addition, sleep is affected as those who sit more can experience prolonged bouts of insomnia.
The amount of research that shows a negative impact of sitting on cardiovascular health is staggering. The risk of a heart attack or stroke goes up by 147 percent for those who sit for longer periods. Blood pressure increases, leading to skyrocketing hypertension and heart

================



======= Instance Index 1367 =========
Input Text: Joe likes to pretend, and he knows that to pretend you need something special.  What is necessary to pretend?
Choose the most suitable option to answer the above question.
Options:
- cell phone
- have imagination
- day dream
- think
- have fun with

Target Text: have imagination

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 53.404125
Retrieved Text: The light was another matter. Several weeks ago, he began to anxious at night with just a dim nightlight. We wound up solving the matter by getting a nifty looking one from Uwajimaya (a Japanese emporium and grocery store) that's rather bright even with a frosted four-watt bulb. So we still get some tsorres, but not as much.
The book thing was starting to disturb him tonight, and we were wondering if he was tired enough that he'd get quite unhappy. Instead, he thought of a solution for himself: "Bring pretend books to bed." Which is just bloody brilliant. I said, "You can bring as many pretend books to bed as you want." We started talking about which pretend books he might want to read, and he started reciting some. He's memorized at least a dozen books, and knows parts of others. It's a sing-song-y sort of recitation, with a lot of phonetic learning in it, but it's something he taught himself.
The pretend thing is new, too. Not that long ago, he started "plucking" items from books and playing with them, or handing them to us to eat, or eating himself. He knows it's pretend, and he's happy with it, driving pretend cars around or talking about things he could do with them.
Pretend books. What a fellow.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 51.74587
Retrieved Text: A woman died recently. I never knew her. Seemingly in good health she’d given all the signs of someone preparing to leave this world. Over the past months she’d satisfied her urge to visit her grandchildren, friends and relatives who are scattered across the country. Then, quite unexpectedly she had a stroke. In less than a day’s time she entered the Afterlife. Her timing couldn’t have been better. I was attending a seminar at TMI in August 1996 when it happened. My manuscript was finished except for a suggestion by my publisher. He’d asked me to consider writing guidelines for readers who might wish to join in assisting the recently departed. I’d queried other seminar participants, wondering how someone without my formal training and experience could accomplish such a thing. Before breakfast the last day of the seminar I had my answer.
"First you need to get Grandma’s attention."
"Start by relaxing. You’re familiar with Focus 10. Lie down, move to Focus 10 and let your mind clear of distractions. Any quiet, meditative state will do. Then bring Grandma to mind, remember a time you and she were together, talking pleasantly. Allow yourself to feel what it was like to be with her."
"Like when she was visiting last Spring and we sat out on the patio drinking ice tea?"
"That would do fine. The important thing is to remember what it felt like to be with her. How you felt as you talked to each other, the sound of her voice, your surroundings. Bring it all back to mind,

########
Rank: 2
Score: 49.10356
Retrieved Text: Do you have a friend who has an imaginary friend? I think an imaginary friend can be nice. Let’s try something!
You like your friend, Pretend.
Pretend is always there to play with you when you are bored.
Pretend is always there to talk to you when you are lonely.
Pretend is always there to listen to you when you are happy or angry or sad.
Pretend is always there next to you when you get scared.
Pretend never argues with you.
Pretend never takes your toys away from you.
But, there is one thing that is kind of bad about having “Pretend” as your best friend. Do you know what that is? Right, you have to say good-bye forever to “Pretend” when you get older. Imaginary friend, like Pretend, goes away when you get older. That is sad, isn’t it?
Well, guess what? There is a Friend who is sort of like “Pretend” except you never have to say good-bye to Him. He will always be there next to you, listen to you, and be your Best Fiend forever. Like “Pretend” you can’t see Him like a person, but He’s very real like you and me. The best thing about Him is that He is everyone’s Best Friend.
I bet some of you already know who He is. Right! His name is Jesus.
Would you like to have Jesus as your Best Friend today?

########
Rank: 3
Score: 48.814053
Retrieved Text: ‘Mommy, I can’t fly down the stairs even though I'm wearing my Superman cape! Why, Mommy? What’s wrong?’, asks my five-year-old son. I, being my usual practical self, fight the urge to roll my eyes back and say DUH! Instead, I patiently remind him that this only happens in the ‘pretend’ world. He knows it but often needs to be reminded of this stark, not-so-fun reality! Our son absolutely loves pretend play, so much so that at times he struggles to differentiate between pretend and real!
The pretend world is rather nice, isn't it? The real world has too many brutal truths to deal with. No wonder we have one too many superhero stories and thrilling sci-fi movies! We choose to live in a world that is more what we had hoped for it to be, rather than what it is. This can be tricky but it is something we need to remind ourselves about. Again and again.
But the Good News is this: There is HELP to live this life in complete fullness and with joy!
Take a look at the passage of the Samaritan woman at the well (John 4). The conversation between Jesus and the woman and the events that follow are a paradigm shift into the discussion on identity and liberty. From merely being known as a Samaritan woman with five husbands, her new-found identity lay in being a messenger for the Messiah! In fact, she is so talked about today all over the world for her bold new identity! Then, leaving her water jar,

########
Rank: 4
Score: 48.109776
Retrieved Text: It’s definitely a weak point.. Parsons, who had been looking good, ran into a tough spot.. Biddle looked better, Webb looked ok, Tomlin has surprised.. Carle looked ok.. we definitely need to reach out to SF though..
I'm at a loss for words right now.
Bring em home td!!! Lawrence is a big athlete. Sounds like a Quinn guy to me.
Home boy is probly talking about me but he's full of **** because I'm in these threads whether we're getting our a** beat or were beating that a**.
Okay, not trying to be holier than tho, but what is it with suspended licenses? How come I always hear pro athletes and/or celebs getting caught up with this? I once had my license EXPIRE when I was in the military and hadn’t made it back to the states to get it renewed in time and remember being mortified. Getting that fixed was priority whatever is higher than one as soon as I got back. Is it a I’m rich bih thing or something? Seriously I’m curious cause it seems like such an easy thing for rich ppl to take care of. Thoughts???
Haven't looked at the polling data but I'm assuming the bulk of his support is coming from well off white people.
I hope you are right man. Right now I think I could do work against our bullpen though.
And I am SURE they will all pretend he was right, with the pretend food that are able to put on their pretend tables in their pretend houses.
I've been liked Lawrence. He

########
Rank: 5
Score: 47.919743
Retrieved Text: Are You a Friend? Or a Pretend?
I originally published this article back in 2010. It was right around the time I started figuring out how many toxic friendships I had surrounded myself with and began the arduous task of weeding them out. Today I think is a good day to remind myself of how far I’ve come and that there is still more work for me to do. It has gotten easier to spot the Pretends, but they are becoming fewer and fewer as life goes on. I wish them well, and I wish them on their way. I only have time in my life for Friends. I think that’s the way it’s supposed to be. Don’t you?
Are you a friend? Or a Pretend? If you have to think about those questions it’s likely you’re a Pretend. Maybe you don’t know the difference? Before you proclaim to be someone’s greatest champion, take a look at what that entails.
A Pretend likes hanging out with you and talking about life. They’ll drink a toast to you and tell you they love you. But a Pretend will become scarce when the going gets tough. If you become ill, they will fear catching your germs. If you get into a fight with someone they will look the other way and pretend they don’t know what happened. If they hear someone talking about your misfortune, they’ll listen and politely tell the person “I don’t get involved in that.”And they don’t. Getting dirty to defend your honor is not on their agenda,

########
Rank: 6
Score: 47.56935
Retrieved Text: v. t. 1. To lay a claim to; to allege a title to; to claim.
Chiefs shall be grudged the part which they pretend.
2. To hold before, or put forward, as a cloak or disguise for something else; to exhibit as a veil for something hidden.
To hellish falsehood, snare them.
4. To intend; to design; to plot; to attempt.
5. To hold before one; to extend.
v. i. 1. To put in, or make, a claim, truly or falsely; to allege a title; to lay claim to, or strive after, something; - usually with to.
2. To hold out the appearance of being, possessing, or performing; to profess; to make believe; to feign; to sham; as, to pretend to be asleep.
Noun 1. pretend - the enactment of a pretense; "it was just pretend"
Verb 1. pretend - make believe with the intent to deceive; "He feigned that he was ill"; "He shammed a headache"
2. pretend - behave unnaturally or affectedly; "She's just acting"
3. pretend - put forward a claim and assert right or possession of; "pretend the title of King"
4. pretend - put forward, of a guess, in spite of possible refutation; "I am guessing that the price of real estate will rise again"; "I cannot pretend to say that you are wrong"
5. pretend - represent fictitiously, as in a play, or pretend to be or act like; "She makes like an actress"
6. pretend - state insincerely; "He professed innocence but later admitted his guilt"; "She pretended not to have known the suicide bomber"; "She pretends to be an expert on wine"
Adj.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 46.75466
Retrieved Text: Cause Obviously That’s What You Need.
But I Can Tell Your A Pretend Best Friend.
If Your Friendships’ The Prize, I Guess They Win.
Was Your Plan All Along To Send Me Offend?
Guess So Cause I Can Tell You’re A Pretend Best Friend.
Fill Our Relationship With Twists And Bends.
Its Like You Were Floating While I Quickly Fell.
Were All Our Tears And Laughter Just A Game?
If It Was, It’s All A Shame.
What Caused You To Be This Way. Who Knows?
All I Know Is Your New Friends Are My New Foes.
They Must Be The Ones That Made You Change.
And Now You Have Such A Small Friendship Range.
Although Its The First Time Its Seemed That Way To Me.
You Don’t Care Anyway, Cause You’re Just A Pretend Bestfriend.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 46.651604
Retrieved Text: They are playing a game. They are playing pretend. It’s an expensive sort of pretend but Sephiroth’s good for it, flush with his unexpected windfall, from his accidental investments. They are pretending that years have not passed, that things have not changed. That the old city still rises and they are as they were then, with him high above, and her far below.
The game they play is one others lived. He finds her, the little lost waif, and takes a fancy to her face. They’ll pretend it’s her face. The ones who lived this, the ones who didn’t call it a game, they pretended too. So they pretend within pretending that he is honest and that she is free, that he likes her face and is kind, and that she doesn’t feel the pull of hungry desperation.
An invitation is made and accepted and then she’s on his arm, shy and pretty and following his debonair lead. He spoils her, shows her things she can’t have without him, but he is there, so she can have them now, and they pretend that they are pretending she always will. He takes her to places she would never dare go near, places not for the likes of her. He has her dressed by pale, perfect women who coo and titter around her like doves. They dress her and pamper her and parade her out before him and all the mirrors but she barely sees her own reflection. She turns when he bids, eyes for him alone and the doves

########
Rank: 9
Score: 46.462482
Retrieved Text: I hear it from honest parents from time to time – “I just can’t stand to play with my kids, I hate to play pretend”. The reasons can be as various as the people who express them: it’s too boring, I haven’t got the time, I’m just not interested in yet ANOTHER game of Candy Land or playing princess or hide-and-seek. If you hate to play pretend with your child, read on.
Here’s a radical idea that perhaps goes against the best parenting advice of the day – DON’T! The fact is, kids just want to spend time with you. If playing dollhouse bores you almost to tears, if you just can’t see the point of racing cars across the floor again and again and again, than don’t.
I personally have an aversion to playing pretend – as much as I encourage and believe in imaginative play, as much as I loved it so much when I was a child, I would almost dread when Kay would ask me – yet again – “Let’s play Princess; you’re the Prince!” Even when I was little I liked my pretend play solo. I guess that didn’t change over the years.
Don’t misunderstand me – if you can force yourself to do it from time to time, go for it. The rarity of it will make it all the more special and memorable for your child. But if you truly can’t tolerate child’s play, and you’re bored and miserable through the whole thing, your child can tell, making it no real treat

########
Rank: 10
Score: 46.309177
Retrieved Text: I"ll spare you the long intro or the list of reasons why I've been MIA, we all are humans with lives and I am sure you guys understand. I have good intentions that sometimes don't always go as planned. I hope you guys are doing well and enjoying the start of the summer!
I get a lot of questions sent to me via email, social media, or even snap chat and one of the most common questions I get: How do you handle your husband traveling so much and your insecurities when he is gone?
I don't know if there is a right or wrong answer to this question but I'll tell you my take on it. To be honest, it wasn't always easy and it actually was very very difficult. It takes a lot of prayer and a change in mindset. Initially, I had to fake it. I had to pretend to be confident, pretend to be secure, and pretend that I didn't care that he coached some of the prettiest celeb clients. I knew that no man likes an insecure woman so even if there were times when I felt uneasy, I prayed about it and gave my worries to God and just prayed that He gave me peace and confidence. And guess what, with time I no longer had to fake it. I had a peace that even my husband didn't understand. I began to love myself more and realize that even if he was coaching the prettiest celebrity in the game, I was worthy

########
Rank: 11
Score: 45.94323
Retrieved Text: One of the most favorite things kids love to do is pretend. My girls are always bringing back memories when they play pretend with each other and with their friends. It’s been so long ago, but I remember playing pretend and just having fun with our imaginations as we kept ourselves busy for hours. It was so much fun to just pretend and imagine ourselves anywhere and role playing whatever character we wanted.
I smile when I see my kids playing pretend. They have so much fun using their imaginations and being creative. It’s often something to laugh at when they do this as well. Kids really enjoy pretending to be someone they are not, just for the fun of it. They get goofy and make us smile.
It is fun to play pretend, but too often, we continue to play pretend in the relationships we have throughout our life. We play pretend in so many ways toward other people. We stop being genuine and we pretend to love them. We act like we do just so that we can get through our time with them. Instead of being genuine toward people that we should be reaching with love, we pretend. The sad thing is that people can see right through that.
Doesn’t it bother you when you can tell someone else isn’t really being genuine with you in how they treat you? It just feels awkward. It doesn’t feel natural. Not all relationships we have with others are always going to feel natural. That’s just not how reality

########
Rank: 12
Score: 45.440563
Retrieved Text: Early this morning I was awakened at 2am to post this.
No sin can take you beyond where His Arms can reach. He made you for intimacy with Himself! Quit searching elsewhere. Quit looking where it will not be found. Quit fighting! We are all sinners. We all need to be saved. He sees you. He knows what you're going through! He knows your fatigue, and emptiness, and brokenness and tired attempts for something more!
Quit living the half-life. Quit playing pretend. Quit settling for less. Quit waiting for that something else. There is nothing else. Only Your GOD and His undying love for YOU!
It's Holy Week. Be attuned to your greatest hunger... and in it hear His Voice beckoning you! Calling out to you! Enter now with us into a great corridor of Grace! Let this be that hour!
slow to anger and abounding in love...."

########
Rank: 13
Score: 45.382877
Retrieved Text: Pretend. You pretend the feelings are there, for the world, for the people around you. Who knows? Maybe one day they will be. I’m going to tell you something that I’ve never told anyone before. Tonight’s the night. And it’s going to happen again and again. It has to happen. Hello, Dexter Morgan. I’m not the monster he wants me to be. So I’m neither man nor beast. I’m something new entirely. With my own set of rules. I’m Dexter. Boo. I’m doing mental jumping jacks. I’m going to tell you something that I’ve never told anyone before.
Under normal circumstances, I’d take that as a compliment. Somehow, I doubt that. You have a good heart, Dexter. You look…perfect. Watching ice melt. This is fun. Tell him time is of the essence. I’ve lived in darkness a long time. Over the years my eyes adjusted until the dark became my world and I could see. Only you could make those words cute. God created pudding, and then he rested. Watching ice melt. This is fun.
You all right, Dexter? You’re a killer. I catch killers. Makes me a … scientist. I’m partial to air conditioning.
I’m really more an apartment person. Keep your mind limber. I feel like a jigsaw puzzle missing a piece. And I’m not even sure what the picture should be. I’m Dexter, and I’m not sure what I am. I’m going to tell you something that I’ve never told anyone before.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 45.313675
Retrieved Text: The Big Idea: Dramatic play helps build creativity and imagination, and helps kids try out real-world situations.
It’s possible to play without any toys at all! Children usually begin dramatic or fantasy play around age two. They may pretend that a block building is their house, or that the kitchen is their restaurant. Dramatic play helps kids exercise their imaginations and work on their creativity. Role play (pretending to be a doctor, teacher, mom, dad, and so on) can also help kids learn about the purpose and jobs of people in their neighborhood and life.
As kids get a little older (ages four to six), they may begin to play pretend with their siblings or peers. Switching roles and coming up with stories together will help build language skills, as well as skills for sharing, taking turns, and cooperating.
Camping. Make a “tent” using a blanket and chairs, and say, “Let’s pretend to roast marshmallows!” Afterwards, you might pretend you’re getting into sleeping bags in the tent.
Restaurant. Work on memory skills as you take each other’s orders, and brainstorm delicious creations to cook. Ask kids, “What ingredients do we need? What tools can we use to cook?” Pretend to use pots, pans, and kitchen tools to create a special meal together.
Garden. Talk about the fruits and vegetables you want to plant. Then, pretend to dig up soil, sprinkle seeds, cover them, and water them. How tall do your plants grow?
Bath time. Pretend to wash a doll or stuffed animal. Label the body parts you’re washing and then dry off

########
Rank: 15
Score: 44.989365
Retrieved Text: play makeup for kids is the perfect pretend makeup kit because it allows them to apply makeup to themselves, without actually using makeup. The makeup kit consists of cloth products that are colored like real makeup. Your children will be provided with real cosmetic brushes and liquid free nail polish, so that they can pretend that they are putting on makeup even though they are not. This is a great accessory kit for young girls that are curious about makeup and want to experiment for themselves. This allows them to have a little bit of fun without actually using a real makeup product.
A pretend makeup kit is an innovative way to solve a common problem. The curiosity of young girls and their need to experiment with makeup is something that every mother experiences. Young girls always want to try on makeup and they're willing to go to drastic measures in order to give it a shot. However, pretend makeup kits can help curb some of this curiosity that they have and make it into a healthy activity.
Pretend makeup kits do not consist of real makeup whatsoever, they are just play makeup for kids so that they can have some fun. These kits are sold a relatively inexpensive prices, so you should be able to afford them no matter what type of budget you are on. Be sure to look online and shop around as well, some websites sell them for cheaper prices than other websites do.
Kids are naturally going to be curious and they want to

########
Rank: 16
Score: 44.883392
Retrieved Text: Time to wear the mask.
Make it seem that everything’s alright.
So off I go.. to the world, my stage.
Sometimes I pretend to be strong and smile though my heart pains.
Sometimes I pretend to be weak and allow the world to do me favours.
Sometimes I pretend to be smart and read and think and imagine and create.
Sometimes I pretend to be stupid. These are the days I love wearing my Fasttrack glares.
Sometimes I pretend to be intelligent but I can’t understand.
Sometimes I pretend to be blonde but it’s only peroxide.
Sometimes I pretend to be fully aware of where I’m going but I’m hopelessly lost.
Sometimes I pretend to be lost but I hold His lamp that lights my path in my hands.
Sometimes I pretend to be confident, but I know that I don’t know.
Sometimes I pretend to be unaware, but I know that I know.
Sometimes I pretend to be sad - and am constantly amazed at the love God and my family show me.
Sometimes I pretend to be entertained, though like Solomon, I feel everything is a vanity of vanities.
Sometimes I pretend to be pious, though I wish for vanity of vanities.
Sometimes I pretend to be a writer, I play with words until like a jigsaw puzzle I know what fits where.
Sometimes I pretend to be a reader, all the while trying to stop my mind from racing ahead to figure out where it’s going.
Sometimes I pretend to be a cook. Very rare times indeed, but it does happen.
Sometimes I pretend to be a connoisseur of food. But I

########
Rank: 17
Score: 44.445293
Retrieved Text: I made the website that expresses my emotion when I post something on Facebook. After the post, I pretend to be just myself, not caring about anything but actually, to be honest, I’m so anxious in my heart how much likes I can get.
The character is eager to get likes. He gets so excited when you close mouse pointer to the like. When you finally click the like, he was so exhausted to death.
The moves of character are in CSS3 markup.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 44.213604
Retrieved Text: A Nigerian lady who got pregnant for her cousin has sent a guy a message to pretend to be her boyfriend this Christmas season. According to the Twitter user, he woke up to see the message from the lady on his Facebook timeline.
see what she wrote "I know it's weird and I'm going to tell them eventually but my family already knows that I'm pregnant but I don't want them to know my Cousin is the father. That's why I was asking if you would just come with me to my aunts house for Christmas dinner and just pretend to be my boyfriend. I don't know what to do and you're so reliable so i thought you'd be able to help"

########
Rank: 19
Score: 43.886974
Retrieved Text: I am not sure who is more in love with Pretend City, me or my kids. The newly opened children's museum in Irvine allows children to live, play, and work in a town of their own complete with a grocery store, farm, bank, beach, marina, art studio, doctor's office, fire station, and restaurant. The town is not only a fun and safe environment for kids to play, but is also very educational.
Take the grocery store for example. Kids can either shop in the store, work as stock clerks, or be cashiers. They can make pretend sandwiches in the pretend deli or sell produce that they have picked from the pretend farm behind the store. In exchange for the produce (or lobster and fish they "catch" in the marina), children receive play money that they can use to buy things in the store or restaurant.
At the pretend restaurant kids can take their parents order's for pretend sushi or dumplings or noodles. Then they can go back in the kitchen and prepare the meal, serve it, and take the payment using the pretend cash register. The kids had an absolute blast serving their parents and I think it was my kids favorite spot in the whole Pretend City.
In the center of town there is a stage complete with microphones, costumes, music, and lights for the kids to perform with. There is even a pretend sound board for the kids to find their inner mix master.
In the play house kids can help prepare meals on the pretend stove, put

########
Rank: 20
Score: 43.861233
Retrieved Text: It is in a coffee shop that you look deep into a lady’s eyes and pretend to be interested in whatever she is saying. You pretend that you want to know more about her,what makes her happy. You look deep into her eyes like you can actually see her soul, when all you want to see is her knickers off(or whatever she wears beneath.) you pretend to be a gentleman , pull chairs and ish. You are on your best behavior.You pretend to care about the environment, art and poetry. poetry really? (there is a special place for you near the fire in hell.) I have this buddy, Johnie (yeah I said it) who pretends to have an icebox where his heart used to be, but meet him in a coffee shop giving Joe Thomas (rnb crooner) a run for his money.
Its tricky when next to the coffee house is to a display window for wedding gowns.
Sisima coffee house, on the first floor of spikes center along Kenyatta avenue, Nakuru . Am not sure what Sisima means but if it means quality, they are living up to the meaning.
The setting is unique, open, airy and comfortable. The décor is minimum as it should be. Not distracting. The furniture is comfortable and easy on the eye. There is a variety too. If you prefer a cubicle set up or lounge it is taken of at the left corner. That way lonely guys like me do not get distracted when people begin to eat each others lips.
The coffee

########
Rank: 21
Score: 43.77045
Retrieved Text: Neo-modern moralists pretend that accepting people’s dark behavior is somehow righteous and they call this being tolerant. It sounds holy and it sounds oh-so-civilized, but it destroys nations. These neo-modern moralists insist that we take our cues from science, psychologists, anthropologists and doctors from the universities; all the time pretending, that so-called higher education is messianic in nature.
Atheists pretend that there is no God; in spite of a world completely full of evidence to the contrary. Abortion people pretend that unborn babies are not human; so that, they can rid themselves of this inconvenient responsibility. Environmentalists pretend that nature is of the utmost importance, while ignoring nature’s Creator. Feminists pretend that men and women do not have different roles, inspite of the Almighty’s teachings in the Holy Bible.
Homosexuals pretend their lifestyle to be normal. Many affluent pretend that the common man is inferior. Millions pretend there is no judgment day. Drug abusers pretend that getting high and dabbling in sorcery is some sort of right, and that the Almighty does not forbid it. Fornicators pretend, that what they are doing hurts no one and therefore is acceptable behavior.
Why all the pretending? I will tell you why: if people can convince themselves, that there is no higher power to answer to, then they can engage in whatever behavior they desire without fear of retribution.But this is the most dangerous of games.
It is the truth that makes us free. Almighty YaHVeH is a God of love. He sent His only Son to die our death for us, that

########
Rank: 22
Score: 43.618774
Retrieved Text: Adults need all manner of material distractions to briefly escape from reality, but young children don’t have access to credit cards and, as a result, have to find joy in other places. Thankfully, children are blessed with the most wondrous creativity. And it doesn’t cost a penny.
With a fertile imagination at their disposal, children can begin to explore the world around them all from the comfort of their bedroom. And with a few household props they can create practically any environment they like; if they’ve got a dressing up box and like to sing then it’s even better!
Now, someone once said that “Talent borrows. Genius steals”, so it’s reasonable that children – little geniuses that they are – need a little bit of inspiration to cultivate their imaginative endeavours and, acting as the perfect creative springboard, they can find this in Let’s Pretend.
Let’s Pretend starts in a playroom, a wonderful playroom full of toys and instruments. And housed within this bastion of childhood delights are three ‘pretenders’ sat at a table. Talk soon turns to an object such as bubble mixture or a tablecloth and helps to kick-start the episode’s theme. After a bit of creative re-imagining of these objects – e.g. using a broom as a crutch – the pretenders decide that they’re going to put on a play, but first they gather round a piano and bash out a song to really cement the episode’s theme.
Two of the pretenders then take a short stroll across the playroom – the ‘musician’ pretender remains at the

########
Rank: 23
Score: 43.556282
Retrieved Text: A note to your life: Pretend nothing has happened. Pretend to be happy. Listen to that Frozen song once or twice. Pretend you believed in forgiving…and most importantly in forgetting the downfall, the suffering, and the ruins that you just wiped out with a wet cotton ball.
You love words. But you realize, you love their absence too. In the abyss of wordlessness, you weep, wander, but find peace, away from those preaching words that hurt your wounds more. You wonder how those tiny, beautiful alphabets that gather your emotions together and try to mean something can sound so ruthless sometimes. How words that heal can hurt so much! You realize, just like the reality and some real people, words also have countless faces.
Or pause. Little life. But don’t rewind. Stay in your cocoon, right there. Heal in silence and savor the solitude.
A beautiful post as usual.
I believe, pretending that something has not happened or it does not exist does not really help, we have to face life and make our own decisions and we are responsible what we make of our life. Thanks for sharing.
“Take things as they are. Punch when you have to punch. Kick when you have to kick.” (Bruce Lee) and “Heal in silence and savor the solitude” when you need to. Love and hugs to you Archita.
Words can heal, but so can action (or inaction). But we all need to take time to recharge at some point. Tap into the electric current that is yourself.
Recharging was really necessary. Thank you for the

########
Rank: 24
Score: 43.51031
Retrieved Text: He taught me a code. To survive. I have a dark side, too. I\’m thinking two circus clowns dancing. You? Pretend. You pretend the feelings are there, for the world, for the people around you. Who knows? Maybe one day they will be.
I like seafood. Cops, another community I\’m not part of. I\’m partial to air conditioning.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 43.19152
Retrieved Text: Pretend City’s Real Café is located between the Home and Construction Site. Our vending Machines contain healthy choices like sandwiches, salads, fruit snacks, milk, bottle water, and other healthier snack options for your family.
Take a break in our Real Cafe seating area while you fill up on much-needed fuel before going back on the floor for more play!
We ask that all eating be in the Real Café seating area, or on the outside tables to side the building (next to the Front Entrance).
Pretend City Children’s Museum is a nut-free facility.
Take a piece of Pretend City home with you! Our Mini Mall has everything you need to extend the fun and learning at home!
Pretend City’s Mini-Mall is the retail shop that has everything a visitor could want to extend the learning that takes places within the museum into the home. The wonder is ignited in the exhibits, and continues through the resources found in the Mini-Mall to feed that new curiosity.
You can count on Pretend City’s Mini-Mall to have what you need to keep those little brains churning!

########
Rank: 26
Score: 43.179916
Retrieved Text: In Nokia’s latest ad for the Lumia 1020, the handset’s camera is highlighted as an alternative to learning the art of taekfoto (geddit?). This is a technique that need to be employed by owners of phones with substandard cameras as they battle to get close enough to the action to take a decent shot.
There’s even a (pretend) course on offer if you don’t mind parting with 6999AED (this is an ad being shown in the United Arab Emirates) to be taught by taekfoto master Rez-T-Lo — oh, the puns just keep on coming! As a little taster, four of the special moves you could learn are shown off.
The course is offered as a way to learn the skills needed to fight your way to the front row to get the best possible photo, but of course, this is not necessary with the 41 megapixel camera found in the 1020.
It’s a fun, silly video that references the likes of Banzai and Street Fighter II (hadoken!).
Check out the video below and see what you think; it’s a very different type of ad campaign to Microsoft’s Scroogled run.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 43.128548
Retrieved Text: Emma pretend play selling lemonade stand with her Uncle! They set up a lemonade stand that sells original lemonade, strawberry lemonade, pineapples, and strawberries. Their first customer buys lemonade and pineapple. Emma pretends to be a cashier and uncle is a waiter. The second customer comes, but he lost his wallet! The waiter finds it and gives it back to him. Emma and her Uncle cleans up the lemonade store.
Wendy is pretend playing as a supermarket worker. She setup a giant supermarket to sell a lot of different types of toys. She has food toys, kid toys, costumes, and many more! She helps Auntie catch some fish toys with a net. Auntie buys a bunch of food toys and uses her membership card to get a discount. Wendy helps her customer Uncle Tim picks out a cool costume to wear for a costume party. They have fun pretending to play at a marketplace.
Wendy pretend play with her drive thru restaurant selling fast food kids toys! She has hotdog toys, French fry toys, hamburger toys, and soda toys. She sells all kinds of pretend food items. Uncle Tim arrives and asks for a combo meal. She packs it up in a box for him and he plays with it. Uncle Tim wants to build his own fast food drive thru restaurant. He goes to Uncle John’s toy store and buys some fast food toys to start his store. Auntie comes and buys a hamburger from him, but he makes it out of ice cream! Wendy opens her

########
Rank: 28
Score: 43.071266
Retrieved Text: Chris Cincotta ( @melbourneiloveyou ) is a photographer, and the face behind @melbourneiloveyou on Instagram, and Humans In Melbourne on Facebook. Chris is what Scott Adams (the creator of Dilbert) would dub as a triple threat. He understands people deeply, loves photography and knows how to communicate to people This was a really heartwarming episode for me, and I think it will make you realise that at the end of the day, humans just want to be made to feel special. With an emphasis on gratitude, Chris grew his social influence with something that you or I are probably too scared to do - reply to each and every one of his followers’ comments. This innate sense to make everyone feel special is what boosted his engagement dramatically, growing his accounts exponentially. It’s funny, because this is such a simple and useful mindset that you can use in your own business or social media project. In the age of ‘like farms’, and an explosion of content - where anyone can pretend to be anything behind a keyboard - the importance of staying humble and listening to the person next to you is more important than ever.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 43.035786
Retrieved Text: To pretend that one is or believes something that is not true. The company's president went on and on about how they value every customer's individual experience, but we all know he was just putting on an act as a normal part of PR spin. You don't have to put on an act, mom—I know our play wasn't very good. It's so silly to me the way soccer players put on an act about being injured any time an opposing player so much as brushes up against them.
to pretend that one is something other than what one is. Be yourself, Ann. Stop putting on an act. You don't have to put on an act. We accept you the way you are.

================



======= Instance Index 2504 =========
Input Text: The mother had to run some errands, she told he son if he did his chores while she was gone it would be what?
Choose the most suitable option to answer the above question.
Options:
- get things done
- complete tasks
- helpful
- finished product
- gain

Target Text: helpful

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 53.34243
Retrieved Text: Police say the teen uncle of an autistic boy found dead in a trash bin outside a Seattle-area apartment complex Tuesday confessed to drowning the boy in a bathtub and hiding his body.
Andrew Henckel, 19, has been booked on suspicion of murder in connection to the death of his nephew, Dayvid Pakko. He's being held on $1 million bond. The prosecutor's office has until Friday to file an official complaint.
But Henckel's father calls the suspect "a gentle giant," and says he has also been diagnosed with autism, reports CBS affiliate KIRO.
"He hasn't had any interactions with the law whatsoever," Randy Henckel said. "So, this process of bringing him in and interrogating him with his autism, makes me question the validity of anything he said without legal counsel present or a family member present."
According to the arrest report, Andrew Henckel is from Texas and was visiting family in Lynnwood, Wash. Andrew Henckel's sister is Pakko's mother, and when the boy stayed home from school Monday, she let Henckel and her boyfriend watch him while she went to work.
KIRO reports that the boyfriend left to run errands and when he returned an hour later, Pakko was gone.
The boy was reported missing around 5 p.m and his body was found early Tuesday morning.
According to a probable-cause document, Andrew Henckel initially told investigators that he'd fallen asleep while babysitting Pakko and awoken to find him missing. But after his body was told investigators that he filled a bathtub with water, called the boy to the bathroom and held him down

########
Rank: 1
Score: 51.781746
Retrieved Text: When Simbegwire’s mother died, she was very sad. Simbegwire’s father did his best to take care of his daughter. Slowly, they learned to feel happy again, without Simbegwire’s mother. Every morning they sat and talked about the day ahead. Every evening they made dinner together. After they washed the dishes, Simbegwire’s father helped her with homework.
When Simbegwire's mother died, she was very sad. Simbegwire's father did his best to take care of his daughter. Slowly, they learned to feel happy again, without Simbegwire's mother. Every morning they sat and talked about the day ahead. Every evening they made dinner together. After they washed the dishes, Simbegwire's father helped her with homework.
Quand la mère de Simbegwire décéda, Simbegwire fut très triste. Son père essaya de son mieux de prendre soin de sa fille. Lentement, ils apprirent comment se sentir heureux de nouveau, sans la mère de Simbegwire. Chaque matin, ils s'assoyaient et discutaient de la journée à venir. Chaque soir, ils cuisinaient le souper ensemble. Après avoir lavé la vaisselle, le père de Simbegwire l'aidait avec ses devoirs.
One day, Simbegwire’s father came home later than usual. “Where are you my child?” he called. Simbegwire ran to her father. She stopped still when she saw that he was holding a woman’s hand. “I want you to meet someone special, my child. This is Anita,” he said smiling.
One day, Simbegwire's father came home later than usual. "Where are you my child?" he called. Simbegwire ran to her father. She stopped still when she saw that he was holding a

########
Rank: 2
Score: 49.855366
Retrieved Text: Jeff Squires was out running errands when he got a strange question from his mother. She wanted to know if he was at home because she’d discovered that two dogs were found roaming the neighborhood by animal control. When she saw the picture, she worried that it had been their family dog that had gotten out…the only problem? The picture she sent to her son looked NOTHING like their family dog! Not only did she get the colors wrong, she also got the size, shape, and breed wrong! This is what Duey actually looks like: While we can’t be sure why mom has no idea what the dog looks like, it’s still fairly hilarious. Maybe she doesn’t spend that much time with their dog. Maybe it is her son’s dog. Maybe Duey doesn’t spend much time in the family room.
Either way, people thought it was outrageous and shared it like crazy. This adorable pup was not, in fact, missing, but was lounging comfortably on the sofa waiting for everyone to get home from their errands.
Hopefully, mom remembers what Duey looks like from now on!

########
Rank: 3
Score: 48.693798
Retrieved Text: Melissa Joan Hart, who once said it was "scary" to be a Christian in Hollywood, has come under fire for recent comments on a podcast that many are calling anti-Semitic.
The former star of hit shows like Melisa & Joey and Sabrina the Teenage Witch was a guest on the podcast "Journeys of Faith with Paula Faris" where she discussed being Christian (Presbyterian to be exact) as both a celebrity and mom.
During the chat, Hart told a story of when one of her sons was transitioning from a Christian preschool to a traditional school. Apparently she advised him, "We don't know if these people are good people. We don't know if they believe in Jesu...and he really took the Jesus part to heart."
After her son befriended a Jewish boy at school, Hart said he soon had many more questions. "If you're Jewish, how do you get to heaven?" he asked his mother one day.
While Hart told Faris on the podcast that she was in often in touch with the friend's mother, as the two boys remained friends through the years. However, she said she had some "heated" discussions with the mother after the children entered sixth grade. "Some problems came out of that," she said, without elaborating.
Apparently when the Jewish boy's mother called with an issue in sixth grade, Hart pondered if she regretted telling her son early on "we don't know if people believe in Jesus, so we don't know their character." Although she never gives a clear answer if she did or did not regret

########
Rank: 4
Score: 48.661102
Retrieved Text: A full Care Order was granted in the Dublin District Court for a boy born in Ireland of African parents. The mother, who had had eight admissions into a psychiatric hospital in four years, attended the hearing.
The respondent father was in Africa, he had been advised to seek legal representation and was served to participate in the proceedings but did not do so. The parties were legally married in Africa and got divorced there, the mother had custody of the boy.
A Garda told the HSE solicitor that in early November his assistance was required by a doctor and social worker at the mother’s house due to her unfit mental state. There were three children in the house, an infant, a toddler and the little boy.
“The only emotion she was showing at the time was anger and aggressiveness, she showed no emotion when the children were being taken away by the father … one of the children was crawling on a glass table,” said the Garda. The father was the father of the two youngest children.
At one point she grabbed one of the children by the arm and the child got distressed. In his opinion the mother “was in an unfit state of mind … there was a serious risk for that child’s welfare to stay in the house.” The Garda and a colleague then brought the mother to a psychiatric hospital.
The GP told the court she had dealt with the mother directly for five years due to mental health issues. On the day of the last

########
Rank: 5
Score: 48.623413
Retrieved Text: I hated to be forced to do this but I had to confront an issue that happened with my four year old son Elliot because of someone else’s stupidity, let me explain.
My wife loaded up the gang on Friday to run some errands, I was at work all day, she ended up at our local Goodwill Store around noon. Yes we are not ashamed to say that we shop at the Goodwill, many of you out there do also (smile).
While she was in the store shopping someone broke into our 15 passenger family van and ransacked it, probably looking for a wallet, they took off with two of my children’s Kindle Fires (that had cracked screens), my daughter’s backpack, my wife’s diaper bag and AAA batteries from the van DVD player remote. Thank God my wife had her wallet on her.
All my children had to experience first hand what it was like for someone to literally steal from you and it affected them all. My wife called the police and they filed a report, they said there were no cameras in the area where she parked the van, go figure, and there wasn’t much they could do.
I asked my wife what the police said about collecting finger prints, she said the officer said since my wife and children had already opened the door with their hands they could not do finger prints. Ezra was so upset that he cried for a little bit because he loved his Kindle Fire. Nissi cried also because her backpack was

########
Rank: 6
Score: 48.529793
Retrieved Text: Kathleen Marie Steele left her three children alone in the car for at least half an hour.
A Florida mother has been arrested after her new-born baby was violently beaten to death allegedly by her six-year-old son when they were left unattended in a car. Kathleen Marie Steele was charged with aggravated manslaughter after she left her three children – including her 13-day-old baby girl – in her car while she ran errands, leading to an attack described by Pinellas County Sheriff Bob Gualtieri as "one of the worst things" he had ever seen.
Steele's children were left alone for at least half an hour, during which time it is alleged the six-year-old boy reacted to his new-born baby sister's crying by removing her from the car seat and "flipping her multiple times back and forth, dropping her on the floor, slamming her head against the ceiling, striking her in the face," Gualtieri said at a press conference reported by KTLA5.
"The skull was cracked in numerous places, described as probably mush ... one of the worst things that I've ever seen," he added.
The boy had replaced his sister in her car seat and told his mother it was serious when she returned from running errands but it was another two hours before she sought medical advice, calling a neighbour, who is a nurse, for help. At that point the baby was taken to St. Petersburg General Hospital.
She was pronounced dead at the scene and the six-year-old boy admitted he had attacked her.
His age means he will not face

########
Rank: 7
Score: 48.448338
Retrieved Text: ONCE upon a time there was a poor widow who lived in a little cottage with her only son Jack.
Jack liked going to market to sell the cow very much; but as he was on the way, he met a butcher who had some beautiful beans in his hand. Jack stopped to look at them, and the butcher told the boy that they were of great value, and persuaded the silly lad to sell the cow for these beans.
When he brought them home to his mother instead of the money she expected for her nice cow, she was very vexed and shed many tears, scolding Jack for his folly. He was very sorry, and mother and son went to bed very sadly that night; their last hope seemed gone.
So he took a piece of stick, and made some holes in the ground, and put in the beans.
That day they had very little dinner, and went sadly to bed, knowing that for the next day there would be none and Jack, unable to sleep from grief and vexation, got up at day-dawn and went out into the garden.
`It would be easy to climb it,’ thought Jack.
So Jack called his mother, and they both gazed in silent wonder at the Beanstalk, which was not only of great height, but was thick enough to bear Jack’s weight.
Jack instantly began to climb, and went up and up on the ladder- like bean till everything he had left behind him--the cottage, the village, and even the tall church tower--looked quite little,

########
Rank: 8
Score: 48.40203
Retrieved Text: A Sacramento Superior Court jury is expected to begin deliberations Tuesday, after Judge Michael P. Kenny finishes delivering instructions.
Taghap, now 36, had been Josiah’s regular caregiver in the infant’s short life. The baby’s mother, Daphne Pineda, is the sister of Taghap’s wife, Soleil. The two women both worked as nursing assistants, and Wendell Taghap took care of the baby on the days when the two women both were gone.
Police and prosecutors say the baby sustained his fatal head injuries while he was in Taghap’s sole care. The defendant’s attorney, Robert J. Saria, said the mother had enough time the day paramedics were called to the family’s Truxel Road apartment to have inflicted the injuries herself.
Josiah suffered three skull fractures, as well as a severe whiplash injury to his upper spinal cord, pathologists testified. The baby’s death was officially classified as resulting from blunt-force trauma. He also suffered assorted bruises.
Shakely said in her closing argument that the unemployed Taghap killed the crying baby out of frustration of not being able to find a job and being stuck all day with the infant in an apartment while the two women were off at work.
“What do we have in this case? A child who was in the custody of Mr. Taghap and who cried and cried and cried and cried,” Shakely said.
Daphne Pineda moved to Sacramento from Minnesota in November 2011 to live with her sister and brother-in-law. She was several months’ pregnant at the time, the result of an affair with a married man, Shakely said.
The prosecutor said

########
Rank: 9
Score: 48.40008
Retrieved Text: Radha shows us how hard a marriage in India can be.
The author Jai Nimbkar has written this short story in the year 1983. It is about a woman named Radha, who has married a man with the name Shripati. Shripati’s mom is a woman with a serious and strict mind, the aunt of Shripati also lives with them, but she is more kind than the mother-in-law. Radha didn’t live with her parents, because her mom is dead and her father she doesn’t see, this means that Radha did not come with dowry.
There was no payment from her side. The mother-in-law did not like Radha, she was only going to show a little bit of consideration because Radha’s pregnancy. She knew, that Radha was carrying her grandchild so a little consideration, was needed from her side. Radha enjoyed the consideration from her mother-in-law, because at other times she had always been a coldhearted person towards Radha, so she could do nothing but accept and enjoy this temporary period of consideration. Shripati knew that his mother and his wife did not get along very well, but he believed it could be changed. At least so it seemed, from his perspective.
He also comforted her by saying“ Don’t worry so much, Radha. I will come and see you whenever I can. You will be all right.” When it was about time, that Radha was to give birth to a child there was no signs, for the birth to be happening. So they said, that sometimes it takes longer when it

########
Rank: 10
Score: 48.295692
Retrieved Text: Sometimes it reminds us about MATHURA bhai. How nice and humble a man was that! He had everything only for his family and society he lost his life. He had two sons and a beautiful wife. He was a farmer. with great pain and sadness he made his two sons big. Finally his big son became a doctor and transferred to a foreign country. His youngest son also completed his academic education and after completing his academics he did not want to do government job. He wanted to work with his father, though his father was a farmer he also wanted to be a farmer.
Father explained to his youngest son about the functioning of a farmer and even he told him that the work of a farmer is a very difficult task “You can’t do this you should go for office work as your big brother” father tried many times to convince his son but finally he became failure in convincing. So both father and son worked for land. And the days were well spent.
One day while father and son were working in the field, Suddenly a news came that his big son got married in the foreign country. father was very sad to hear this and his eyes were filled with tears. Though his big son was living far from him, but father blessed his son. Father communicated to his mother the news of her big son’s marriage mother also felt sad and cried much. and blessed to her big son and her daughter in

########
Rank: 11
Score: 47.986126
Retrieved Text: Life is not easy for poor folks, especially when their children get sick and they have no money to buy medicines. Sadly, there are times when they really can’t buy medicines and the kid’s condition worsens.
Recently, a young mother feared for her son’s life after taking him to the doctor because he was sick. The doctor prescribed medicines for the kid but the young mother was too poor that she had no money to buy the medicines.
Knowing that her son won’t be well without the medicines and seeing that he was suffering from his condition, the young mother could not help but cry as she walked away from the doctor’s clinic.
As she passed by the police station, still crying, she was spotted by PO2 Ryan Ocampo of Arayat MPS Pampanga PPO. Worried about the crying woman, the police officer asked what was wrong.
The young mother tearfully told the cop that she was crying because she can’t afford to buy medicines for her sick child. Upon hearing this, the young cop did not hesitate to offer help, taking the mother and her child to a pharmacy so he could buy the boy’s medicines out of his own pocket!
The cop made sure to buy all the medicines the kid needs to get well again. Then, he also made sure to bring them back home.
Arriving at their house, the cop also handed money to the young mother so she could buy milk for the kid as well as some other things they might need.
The kind deed has gone viral;

########
Rank: 12
Score: 47.89196
Retrieved Text: 1. "We'll lend you a hand," he told me.
He told me that we would lend him a hand.
He told me that they would lend me a hand.
He told me that we will lend him a hand.
He said that he would lend me a hand.
He told that he will lend me a hand.
2. 'Have we got everything we need?' he said.
He said if we had everything we needed.
He told me where we had got everyting we needed.
He asked me for everything they needed.
He asked if they had everything they needed.
He wanted to know for everything they needed.
3. "Don't come home late," her mother said.
Her mother said not to come home late.
Her mother asked if she didn't come home late.
Her mother wanted to know if she was coming home late.
Her mother told her not to come home late.
Her mother told her that she didn't come home late.
4. 'Please marry me now,' she said to him.
She said to him that they married then.
She said to him if he married her then.
She begged if he married her now.
She begged him to marry her then.
She ordered him to marry her right then.
5. 'Would you like (to have) some brandy?' she said.
She asked for some brandy.
She asked that I should have some brandy.
She told me if I would like to have some brandy.
She said that if I would like some brandy.
She offered me some brandy.
6. 'Why are you still here?' they said to us.
They told us why we were still there.
They said to us why we were still here.
They asked us why

########
Rank: 13
Score: 47.836792
Retrieved Text: An employee gets fired, goes on to launch a successful business, and never looks back. Or, an inheritance brings a big financial windfall.
People start businesses for all kinds of reasons. But I wanted to find some of the more unusual stories. Read on to find tales of founders who were driven to success by a whole lot more than the typical "I need to put food on the table" scenario.
Mary Apple started New York-based PrettyPushers, which makes labor gowns and other clothes for women during pregnancy, after suffering from an anxiety disorder. "By the age of 24, I was staying in my house for days at a time, afraid of social engagements and even daily errands," she told me. Eventually, she had her own child and realized, for the sake of the baby, she needed to start venturing out. The new company would force her to do that. Now PrettyPushers is thriving with seven employees and $300,000 in annual sales. The lesson: Some founders are motivated not just to rack up sales, but to resolve a personal crisis.
Some companies start because the founder wants to prove something. For MKP Software, there was a deeper motivation. The financial services company, based in Connecticut, is named after the founder's son, Michael Kearns, who died of cancer in 2010. His father, Tim, told me he is driven by the memory of his son and a striving to prove to him he can make it. "The honor is in trying to work as hard as my son did in everything

########
Rank: 14
Score: 47.702225
Retrieved Text: When deputies pulled David Green over for an expired tag on Interstate 85, they said he was carrying a large quantity of drugs.
And since Green was driving a truck while allegedly transporting the drugs — 132 grams of heroin, 32 grams of crack cocaine and 27 grams of marijuana, according to court records — they seized the 2006 Ford F-350. The Greenville County Sheriff’s Office planned to take it using a legal process known as civil asset forfeiture.
One problem — Green told deputies the truck wasn’t his. It was his mom’s. She lived in Maryland and said he could borrow the truck to visit his grandparents in Stone Mountain, Georgia, for his birthday. “I didn’t even know he was gone,” said Green’s mother, Tonja Flythe-Harkless.
In South Carolina, law enforcement can seize property from innocent people who aren’t charged with a crime. The law puts the onus on owners to prove they didn’t know their property was being used for illegal means.
Of 29 states that have passed civil forfeiture reforms in the past five years, 16 states and the District of Columbia now place the burden of proof on the police for innocent owner claims.
When the deputies arrested Green on July 11, 2017, they noted the truck was registered to his mother in an incident report. Flythe-Harkless said she even called the Sheriff’s Office to see how she could get her truck returned.
A handwritten letter from David Green inquiring about his mother's truck and his own case. The truck was seized when he was arrested in Greenville

########
Rank: 15
Score: 47.562084
Retrieved Text: The incident, which occurred at Ilupeju PalmGroove area, Lagos State, on Tuesday, has sent shockwaves down the spines of many, who saw the suspect, identified as Baba Michael as a responsible man.
The suspect, a commercial bus driver, is said to have a four-monthold son and lives with his uncle. The baby was the attraction for the victim.
Whenever the girl goes to visit the baby, the suspect would take advantage of her. Nobody would have known about the atrocity, if not that the girl repeatedly urinated on her body during examination.
The school management suspecting sexual violation, alerted Child Protection Network. When the girl urinated on herself during examination, one of her classmates alerted their class teacher. The victim’s mother, Mrs. Ka- 18 Soldier flees from Boko Haram war, steals car in Lagos Deserter faya Lawal, said that it was her daughter’s class teacher, who informed her about her daughter’s bladder control problem.
“She urinated on herself in the class during exams. It was her classmate, sitting close to her, that first noticed her unusual behaviour. “When her teacher sent for me, she said she thought it was the exam anxiety that made her to urinate on her body. She allowed her to continue with her exams. But a few minutes later, she urinated again.
The teacher and headmaster asked me if she had been bedwetting before then, I told them it was long she stopped. It was then I knew something was terribly wrong with my daughter. I started weeping,” the mother said. She explained that the headmaster further

########
Rank: 16
Score: 47.55801
Retrieved Text: I did forget to mention this from yesterday. As we were getting ready to leave Grannymom's house yesterday, I had Whitman go potty. He was in the bathroom for a long while so I went to see what was taking him so long.
I opened the door and the boy was not near the potty. He was, however, laying down in the bathtub. What in the world? I am not sure about what he was doing-surely he wasn't trying to hide. Whatever he was doing, he is just one special child. Gracious me.
Have you ever heard a noise in the middle of the night and just knew it was someone talking to you? Last night, I clearly heard Anderson call me. I jumped up, listening and waiting. After waiting a good long time, I finally decided that no one was awake upstairs. It might possibly have been Robby talking in his sleep as he occasionally does.
Our morning was fairly uneventful. We did our together work and then the kids started on their school. They had a bit less today since I had to pull it all out last night. We had planned on being in Branson today, just like last week, so I didn't have school ready. Now, next week, come rain, sleet or snow we will be in Branson.
Since I had a bit of extra time, I did make grilled cheese and tomato soup for lunch. Everyone we very pleased about the lunch, but I think that were especially pleased about the jar of apple sauce

########
Rank: 17
Score: 47.55241
Retrieved Text: A drunken man who beat up his ex-partner by slamming her into a wall and throwing punches was jailed for 10 months.
Andrew Whitcombe, 34, admitted causing actual bodily harm during an argument at the victim&apos;s home in Melton Mowbray, on September 9 last year.
Priya Bakshi, prosecuting, told Leicester Crown Court the two had been in an on-off relationship for three years and had an 18-month-old son - who was likely to have heard his mother&apos;s screams during the attack although he did not witness it.
Whitcombe, of Tennyson Way, Melton, had gone out drinking with the victim earlier on the afternoon of the assault.
When they got back to her home an argument broke out, when he accused her of taking drugs into the house.
Miss Bakshi said: "He pushed her against a wall and punched her a few times."
The victim, who fled to a neighbour&apos;s for help, suffered a cut lip, a bump to her head, bruising and cuts to her arm, facial cuts and a badly broken tooth that required a hospital treatment.
She described being in extreme pain after the attack.
Although the complainant wanted no further contact with the defendant she was content for him to continue having access to their child.
In a victim impact statement she expressed a wish Whitcombe should "receive treatment."
Sentencing, Deputy Judge Michael Stokes QC said: "No man can justify doing to any woman what you did to your former partner.
"Men who beat up women, whether shoving them against a hard surface and punching them a few times, must realise it&apos;s unacceptable."
The judge

########
Rank: 18
Score: 47.520042
Retrieved Text: Four-year-old Emily Rose Perrin was resting on her stomach, playing with her dolls, her golden curls hanging around her face. She was a happy child, her brother told the St. Louis Post-Dispatch, though she battled cystic fibrosis, a genetic disorder that wreaks havoc on the lungs.
She was no doubt excited — she was turning 5 the next day.
Moments later, witnesses later told police, her mother — naked and possibly high — climbed on top of Emily and pressed her hands against the girl’s nose and mouth, according to court records. The mother was holding a chain dog leash, saying “she was sending Emily to see Jesus,” the documents said.
When first-responders arrived at the home in Dupo, a village in Illinois just a stone’s throw from the Missouri border, the girl was lying on the living-room floor.
Her lips were purple, police said, and she wasn’t breathing. She was rushed to a nearby hospital, where she was pronounced dead.
The girl’s mother, 36-year-old Mary B. Lockett, has been arrested and charged with first-degree murder for “intentionally impeding the normal breathing” of the child, according to the criminal complaint.
She is being held in the St. Clair County Jail on $1 million bail. Her public defender could not immediately be reached for comment.
Lockett’s roommate told police he had gone out to buy marijuana early afternoon on April 10, a Sunday, according to court records. When he left, he said, Lockett was smoking weed in her bedroom.
But when he returned, he found Lockett on top of her daughter, he said.
He pulled Lockett

########
Rank: 19
Score: 47.472046
Retrieved Text: But for the threat and the fact that he did not try so hard as be imagined, they would have felt sorry. As it was, the battle now went on nearly all between father and children, he persisting in his dirty and disgusting ways, just to assert his independence. They loathed him.
In such a household, in Streatham, Miss Western would have been a lady condescending to her inferiors. These people were to her, certainly clownish--in short, the working classes. How was she to adjust herself?
"And so--you have to forgive her a lot of things."
"But you know, mother--she's--she's different from us. Those sort of people, like those she lives amongst, they don't seem to have the same principles."
"It IS funny!" he exclaimed. It worried and perplexed him. "But yet--there's so much between us now I couldn't give her up."
"You know best," said Mrs. Morel. "But if it is as you say, I wouldn't call it LOVE--at any rate, it doesn't look much like it."
"Oh, I don't know, mother. She's an orphan, and---"
"And so's the pit," he said. "Look how it heaps together, like something alive almost--a big creature that you don't know."
"See that heron--see--see her legs?"
They were taken through into the parlour--a long, low room, with a great bunch of guelder-roses in the fireplace. There the women talked, whilst Paul went out to survey the land. He was in the garden smelling the gillivers and looking at the plants, when the girl came out quickly to the heap of coal which stood by the fence.
"She knocks you,

########
Rank: 20
Score: 47.45484
Retrieved Text: "Our beautiful lands have been ravaged by a ruthless king and our people live under the shadow of tyranny. It wasn't always like this, there was a time when the world lived in peace protected by warriors astride mighty dragons...they are nothing but stories now. All we have now is hope that a dragon will be born again and one will rise to lead us to freedom."
Skulblakas tale begins as anyone's should, at his birth. His mothers name was Serenity, a blue dragon from the ancient lands of Alagesia. She had met his father, a swordsman from another land when she had fled her home near the time of the fall of the riders. Taking on a human form she met with the once warrior monk and fell in love with him as he did with her. Together they wove a story of their own but that is a tale for another time. It soon came around that Serenity was pregnant and she soon began to have fears that while she could appear human her offspring would be born in its true form devoid of any spells to conceal its true species. Confronting her love she revealed to him what she truly was with heartbreaking reactions. He fled from her despite her desperate cries of sorrow and her begging him to return. Crushed and alone she had no where to go without him save her homelands and so returned to Alagesia.
It had never occurred to Serenity the consequences of what would happen for mating with a

########
Rank: 21
Score: 47.40176
Retrieved Text: You are currently browsing the tag archive for the ‘arline lawless’ tag.
Retro Report, June 26, 2013: Arline Lawless pleads guilty.
Arline Lawless, also known as Arline Seavey, made her first court appearance for the charge murder in the death of her boyfriend, Norman Benner, Friday, August 17, 2012, in Lincoln County Superior Court in Wiscasset.
ROCKLAND, Maine — Arline Lawless chewed gum steadily and spoke in monosyllables as she pleaded guilty Wednesday morning at Knox County Superior Court to last summer’s shooting death of her boyfriend, 34-year-old Norman Benner of Waldoboro.
She killed him while he was sleeping because she was afraid he was leaving her for another woman then shot herself in the face, according to evidence presented Wednesday during the plea hearing held in a nearly empty Rockland courthouse. She stayed in the bedroom with Benner’s body for at least a day until they were discovered by family members.
Lawless, 25, also of Waldoboro, stood in shackles and listened impassively as Assistant Attorney General Deborah Cashman outlined the case the state of Maine would have presented if the matter had gone to trial.
Instead, in exchange for her guilty plea to the charge of intentional or knowing murder, the Maine attorney general’s office and Lawless’s court-appointed defense attorneys are jointly recommending to Justice Jeffrey Hjelm that she be sentenced to 35 years in prison. She has been incarcerated at Two Bridges Regional Jail in Wiscasset.
“Have you decided to enter a guilty plea to this charge because in your judgement, you are in fact actually guilty of this crime?” Hjelm

########
Rank: 22
Score: 47.388058
Retrieved Text: BLACKSTONE — A neighbor who says she discovered a 5-month-old girl and 3-year-old boy in the 23 St. Paul St. house this week said the children were covered in feces and were surrounded by piles of dirty diapers and maggots.
"You had to step on stuff to get to the babies," said the 41-year-old woman, a mother of two, who asked not to be identified.
The remains of three infants were found Thursday in the now-condemned house, but the woman who found the badly neglected children, without supervision, did not see any of the infants' remains.
What she did see, however, was enough to make her cry all night, she said.
The woman, who lives within walking distance of the 23 St. Paul St. house, said she has a 13-year-old son who is a friend of the 10-year-old son of Erika Murray, who was arraigned Friday in Uxbridge District Court on numerous charges in connection with the case.
The neighbor said she made the disturbing discovery on the afternoon of Aug. 28 when her 13-year-old son called her from a neighbor's phone. She said he was really upset and frantically told her, "I can't get the babies to stop crying."
The mother said she walked to the house at 23 St. Paul St. and asked the boys, "Where are the babies?"
She said Ms. Murray's son told her, "The babies were upstairs, but you can't go up there because it was really messy."
The woman asked the 10-year-old boy to whom the babies belonged.
"My mom's friend left them here, and my mother baby-sits them,"

########
Rank: 23
Score: 47.215733
Retrieved Text: He is actually a prince because he was born 59 years ago from a Lebanese mother and a prince from Saudi Arabia.
Though he can not put title Prince in fornt of his name because his father, Prince Faisal bin Turki bin Abdullah al-Saud, does not want to recognize him as his son.
That's why her mother, Rita Kassamanian, gave his name as Adolf Derestepanian. She did not put Adolf bin Prince Faisal bin Turki.
"When I was born, my mother told my father, she would give her baby name Adolf because Adolf (refers to late Nazi leader Adolf Hitler) always become news. My mother said to him, 'if you hear the name of Adolf, you have to remember that you have a child in Lebanon,'" said Adolf yesterday, in an exclusive interview with Faisal Assegaf from Albalad.co.
He shows Albalad.co all evidences he has to prove he is the son of Prince Faisal bin Turki bin Abdullah al-Saud, include a picture when his parents get married in Lebanon and a Family Tree DNA Certificate issued in 2014 which confirmed about his blood relatinship with Prince Faisal bin Turki.
Adolf has several step brothers and sisters, like former Saudi Ambassador for the US Prince Abdullah bin Faisal bin Turki and Saudi Ambassador for Jordan Prince Khalid bin Faisal bin Turki.
When the civilian war started in Lebanon in 1975, Adolf moved to Germany alone. Then he get married with a German girl and has three sons - Jean, Andre, and Levon.
Adolf who lives in Frankfurt has a business in restaurant since 30

########
Rank: 24
Score: 47.172096
Retrieved Text: I came across this post I had wrote in 2014 on another site…oh how I remember that day as if it were yesterday. My heart aches for my “little boys” and their mother, who I have not heard from or seen in over 6 years…..
The temperature of the day seemed to be 110 degrees in the shade. Animals could be found under the trees and the people of the town did not stray far from the comfort of their shaded hammocks. But the heat of the day did not stop us from driving through the little town of La Palmerita to spend time with our Nicaraguan friends and hold a few Bible studies.
While Virginia was out inviting children to an afternoon of activities and games, she found out that Yeral was running a high fever and one of the ladies made it sound as if he was seriously ill.
Now Yeral was the middle son of Johana, a young mother and a sweet friend, who had been a member of La Palmerita Mennonite Church, but had strayed away and was living with a young man. We were told that Johana had left on Saturday the 12th, and left Wilbur-11 and Yeral-10 in La Palmerita. She told them she would return on Sunday the 13th. However on Tuesday, she still had not returned.
After our classes, we decided to go see if we could find Yeral. We found him in the neighbor’s black plastic shack. When Virginia called his name, he responded by calling my name. We found him

########
Rank: 25
Score: 47.15112
Retrieved Text: Last Sunday was Mother's Day. As a dutiful son, I made sure my card was in the mail and flowers were delivered. As a dutiful Christian, I made sure that my seat got a seat at the afternoon Mass of Our Lady of Lourdes.
During the service, we honoured another mother. I was surprised to learn that not only was Mary the mother of Jesus Christ (and by extention God) but she had also been given the titles Mother of the Church and Queen of the Universe. Children went down the aisle holding roses high and presented them to a small statue of Mary. A young woman followed, holding aloft a pillow with a tiny rose garland that was placed on the head of the Blessed Virgin Mary. All this adoration led me to do some thinking about this woman.
The first thing that of course came to my mind was the cartoon I had just read that morning. Two elderly women were sitting at a table looking curiously at two men at the table next to them. One said to the other "I don't understand. Their names are both Mary?" Like the names Nelly and Nancy, Mary has been also used by gay people to playfully refer to each other.
Then my mind went to a book I had been given by my cousin that I've blogged about before twice. That book started me thinking about Mary, not as the Blessed Virgin, but as a person, a human being. Now this line of thinking may be blasphemous to

########
Rank: 26
Score: 47.12015
Retrieved Text: My father died in Mumbai on February 25, 1985. I think of him every day, sometimes several times each day, but especially on October 17 each year. Had he lived, he would have turned 108 today.
I was not with Balkrishna Trimbak Gupte when he died after a long illness that, to this day, remains mysterious to me. Some physicians said it was cancer of the esophagus, others said it was complications from a botched surgery of the alimentary canal. Still others offered other reasons -- unpronounceable medical conditions with fancy names that only doctors could decipher. In the end, no matter what those conditions or how multi-syllabic those names, my father's heart stopped beating.
I was thousands of miles away at my home in New York when that happened. It was an unseasonably sunny day, but as I worked on a book that had unforgiving deadlines, I felt out of sorts, as though something ominous was going to happen that morning in 1985. I knew that my father was grievously ill because I had just returned from visiting him in India, but I hadn't been persuaded that he was close to death. Or perhaps it was that I didn't want to accept that possibility; it was an only son's denial of the inevitability of a parent's departure. As if on cue that winter morning, a friend called from Mumbai to tell me that my father had passed away.
In that last meeting with my father, I gently stroked his face, kissed him on the forehead, squeezed his still-strong

########
Rank: 27
Score: 47.04781
Retrieved Text: Arinder and Darleen Haguewood were brought up in wealth. As children, they got everything they wanted. They met and married and had two children of their own: Lurlean and Warnock. They built an elaborate five-bedroom house where each bedroom has a bath and shower, a walk-in closet, a TV with a DVD player, and plenty of room for game tables and everything a growing child would want or need. Then they decided they didn’t want their children to grow up the way they did. They swapped houses with Woodie Ferguson, a single man who lived in a shack down the hill from them. They lived in the shack where Lurlean and Warnock had daily chores needed for survival. After Woodie got settled in the house up yonder, he married Kellie, a woman he met on the Internet. Kellie not only had a daughter and son the ages of Lurlean and Warnock, but she was a devout atheist who vowed that nothing religious would be permitted at the school her children, Kindal and Keith, attended. Woodie never told Kellie that the family in the shack by the small stream down the hill from them actually owned the elaborate house and the thousand-acre cotton plantation that went with the house.
Lurlean got so wrapped up in splitting stove wood for their stove and milking one or both of their Jersey cows and working with a new boy at school on a way to get the Ten Commandments and Bible verses posted at school, that when she accidently found out

########
Rank: 28
Score: 46.98521
Retrieved Text: A Care Order for a baby born prematurely was refused by the District Court in a provincial city following a four-day hearing. A Supervision Order was then granted, on the basis that the parents and baby lived with the baby’s paternal grandparents in their home in Dublin. An Interim Care Order had been in place from the baby’s birth until the full Care Order hearing.
Opening the case, the solicitor for the Child and Family Agency (CFA) told the court the agency was seeking a full Care Order for six months at this stage. Their first witness would be a neo-natal specialist, as the baby had been born ten weeks premature and had been in hospital since his birth. He was now ready for discharge and the CFA was seeking the Care Order because of concerns about the mother’s ante-natal history.
The case had already been the subject of an unsuccessful application in the High Court under Article 40 of the Constitution (habeas corpus) and the judge said he had read the High Court ruling. The judge who granted the Interim Care Order recused himself from the case following complaints about him from the parents’ barrister, and the Care Order application was heard by a different District Court judge.
The neo-natal specialist who cared for the baby told the court that the baby had been born at 29 weeks, weighing about two pounds. He needed oxygen and breathing support because of his immature lungs, as well as feeding support and temperature support. He had neo-natal lung disease, which was

########
Rank: 29
Score: 46.93742
Retrieved Text: My name is Annette B., I am a hardworking single parent. I have been engaged to my fiance for about two years now, we still plan to marry in the near future.
I have a 15 year old son who uses CPS when he does not want to comply with the rules. This all started in October 2001, when my son was disruptive in his sixth grade class and refused to follow the rules in our home. I proceeded to spank him (he was 10 at that time) and left it as that.
Then two days later, I received a call from a CPS worker, at my place of employment stating I had to meet with him. His name was Mr. Martinez, He goes to tell me that I should no longer spank my child. Basically, telling me and my boyfiend at the time that I am not a decent parent and degraded me as if I had beat him with a whip. I was furious I fought the determination of his findings and it was noted on my son's file.
I went on with my life at that point. In October 2002, I was at my mothers home using the internet looking for apartment. My son needed a hair cut, my boyfriend (fiance) asked my son to get a natural pick to comb out his hair. My son refused and he flicked him on his ear. Then proceded to cut his hair and my fiance and I went home.
My meddling mother and sister, typed a letter and sent

================



======= Instance Index 4659 =========
Input Text: John saw a billboard every day on his way to work.  The billboard was visible from where?
Choose the most suitable option to answer the above question.
Options:
- texas
- las vegas
- street
- football ground
- countryside

Target Text: street

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 53.241543
Retrieved Text: BRIDGEPORT -- U.S. Army Capt. Michael Englis, who is stationed in Iraq, and his wife, Evelyn, have an ongoing battle over who loves whom the "mostest."
On Thursday, Michael Englis may have finally won - at least in terms of proclaiming his love in the most biggest way.
And thousands of people know how he feels by now, because Michael Englis' Valentine's Day card to his wife is a billboard on Interstate-95 in Bridgeport that reads: "Evelyn Englis, I Love You Mostest."
It's signed, "Your Valentine from Iraq XXOO." On the billboard is a portrait of Michael Englis in uniform done by New Haven muralist Russell Rainbolt, who for this assignment refers to himself simply as, "Cupid."
Evelyn, 28, was surprised -- make that dumfounded -- by the Valentine she saw for the first time early Thursday morning. The billboard went up at about 7 a.m. -- 90 minutes before her arrival -- to reduce the likelihood of her spotting it in daily travels, and veering off the road. The surprise was unveiled to her when Steve Boyle, her boss at State Farm Insurance, drove her to a parking lot off Stratford Avenue, under the pretense of meeting a client. Evelyn, who speaks Spanish, was to be the interpreter.
"Oh my God, oh my God, oh my God, oh my God," Evelyn Englis said, when she got out of the car and saw the message from her hubby whose been away for about a year. She cried, hugged relatives waiting for her at the lot and when she gained her composure,

########
Rank: 1
Score: 44.7258
Retrieved Text: A billboard for Australia Day, featuring two young girls in hijabs, has been taken down in Melbourne after threats were allegedly made to the media company who designed it.
According to the Victoria government, the outdoor media company QMS chose to remove it after receiving a number of unspecified threats. The advert was promoting an Australia Day festival in Kings Domain Gardens sponsored by the Royal Automobile Club of Victoria.
Where in Melbourne is this Billboard located?
@RaeleeBee@Margi1959@w0tn0t Should be an outback barbie with a kangaroo, emu, and a digger cooking a colossal pork, er lamb, chop!
Users opposed to the billboard then celebrated its removal on social media.
#auspol Terrible, disgraceful leftist Australia Day billboard pulled down. A victory for the patriots!
#Australia Day Billboard pulled down!
This is Australia NOT Saudi Arabia!
Others however were perturbed by what they saw as anti-Muslim prejudice.
"WHY DONT MUSLIMS SUPPORT & EMBRACE AUSTRALIA?!"
The reaction to the billboard was also criticized by Robin Scott, the Minister for Multicultural Affairs for the state of Victoria.
QMS has not yet issued a statement over the billboard or the alleged threats, but the controversy recalls an incident back in 2015, when a company was forced to pull its Arabic-language adverts from a Sydney shopping center after its staff was threatened.
“Increasingly, any visible portrayal of Australian Muslims or any diversity for that matter, in connection with a public campaign is becoming the subject of backlash from small but vocal parts of the community,” Mariam Veiszadeh of Islamophobia Register told news.com.au.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 44.409107
Retrieved Text: A Retrospective of the 1st Modern Day Billboard!
Washington, D.C. April 1, 2019.
It’s that time of year, where we like to share the story of the history how the first modern-day billboards came to be, including the origination of the terms ‘Outdoor Advertising’, ‘Showing’ and ‘Outdoor Salesman’.
Many of you veterans in the Outdoor Advertising business know the story of the first billboard.
For those who do not, here’s a story on the historical beginnings to modern-day Out of Home (OOH).
It innocently started with a young man named, William Boarders and a tough economy. William was a walking sign carrier. A sandwich sign board wearer. William, or Bill, worked with his Father and brothers in the family owned haberdashery business.
The Great Depression created a hardship on his family’s custom-made clothing enterprise. Bill, being the youngest, was forced to abandon the warm confines working inside the store (or indoor) and go ‘outdoors’ and ‘work the streets’ at his father insistence. Bill worked on the street or ‘outdoor‘, hawking his family’s business with flyers and shouting slogans, all the while wearing a custom-made sandwich frame sign. The first sign was a relatively crude build, hand-lettered by his mother and constructed by his father using leather suspenders from the store’s inventory to hold the signs in place over his small shoulders.
While other haberdashery’s and businesses failed, Boarders’ men’s clothing business flourished, attributed to Bill’s continued outdoor advertising efforts through the tough economy to the recovery. The Father’s sign idea via his son, proved advertising, when continued in tough times, provided a greater

########
Rank: 3
Score: 43.840794
Retrieved Text: If it’s a current Gospel hit, odds are that John “Yosh” Jaszcz was a part of it. The Nashville-based producer/engineer currently has five of the top 10 songs on the Billboard gospel singles chart and six of the top 10 albums on the Billboard gospel album chart—with another seven albums rounding out the top 25.
Nashville, TN (February 28, 2017)—If it’s a current Gospel hit, odds are that John “Yosh” Jaszcz was a part of it. The Nashville-based producer/engineer currently has five of the top 10 songs on the Billboard gospel singles chart and six of the top 10 albums on the Billboard gospel album chart—with another seven albums rounding out the top 25.
“I moved from Detroit in 1992, which is obviously a music town, but Nashville is so all-encompassing in terms of their music,” Jaszcz observed. “The musician pool is second to none, the studio selection is second to none [and] that allows me to do what I do,” said the past president of the Nashville chapter of the Audio Engineering Society.
For decades, Yosh has mixed many of the notable artists of the Urban Gospel genre including Kirk Franklin, Marvin Sapp and Travis Greene. His work has yielded him a mantel full of Grammys; this year alone saw him add two more to his collection, as Kirk Franklin won Best Gospel Album for Losing My Religion and Tamela Mann won Best Gospel performance/song for “God Provides." Yosh also worked on three other Grammy nominated projects from Greene, Jekalyn Carr and William Murphy.
Yosh isn’t a one-genre engineer,

########
Rank: 4
Score: 42.822296
Retrieved Text: LED mobile billboard trucks or Digital truck advertising!
Don’t wait for the customer to drive by your ad when you can drive your ad by the customer.
LED mobile Billboard truck advertising offers exceptional reach. They are visible to thousands of people in a short amount of time because they travel, and they can reach into areas in town where other media cannot.The advantage of using digital mobile billboard truck is to drive your brand or advertising message where other media can’t reach or in some cases they are not available.
No other medium can guarantee coverage at the exact physical locations of your audience lives, works or plays.
Digital truck advertising or static banner billboard truck? Mobile billboard trucks can deliver your ad message and is the best way to reach your audience. digital Billboard trucks are eye catchy and they are the most unique form of media you can recall days after seeing.
Mobile billboard truck advertising (MBB/OOH) puts you directly in front of your audience at the perfect time.
We propose to develop a set of targeted OOH campaigns that target your audience where they work, play, shop, etc. This will ensure that your brand stays front and center as your target audience.
By using our LED mobile billboard Vehicles you can reach out to your valuable prospects, in the right place at the right time.
LED mobile Billboard truck can bring any message or advertisement to hard-to-hit locations and will deliver immediate, overwhelming and targeted results. Our static or led billboard trucks routes are determined for individual client.
Whether we are

########
Rank: 5
Score: 41.536064
Retrieved Text: Michael J. Fox is an endearing character whom audiences have come to know through film and TV roles over the past three decades. He is charming, funny, ever-youthful and always surprising.
Michael Andrew Fox was born in Canada on June 9, 1961. After his acting talents emerged in his teens, at age 18 he moved to Los Angeles. When he went to register with the Screen Actors Guild, he realized another actor had registered under the same name. In homage to one of his favorite character actors of all time, Michael J. Pollard, Fox adopted the letter “J” as his new middle initial.
As Fox’s legions of fans know, he lives life — no matter the challenge or opportunity. In fact, his real-life role may be the most inspiring part he has ever played. In 1998, Michael let the world know that he had Parkinson’s disease. Showing the same commitment, drive and imagination audiences had come to love in his years onscreen, he quickly emerged as a leading advocate and spokesperson to increase awareness of Parkinson’s disease and funding for critically needed research toward a cure. The eponymous foundation he established in 2000 is dedicated to finding a cure for Parkinson’s disease by strategically prioritizing and aggressively funding Parkinson’s research. Now a father of four, Fox also has become known as an author, penning two best-selling memoirs of his life before and after Parkinson’s.
In 2013, NBC announced that Fox will combine his two passions, acting and activism, in a new TV series, “The Michael J. Fox Show,” where

########
Rank: 6
Score: 41.419888
Retrieved Text: How much does a billboard cost? This depends on format, circulation, demographics, and impressions. Traditional billboards cost average $250/month in rural areas to $1,500 – $4,000 in small to mid-size cities, and $14,000 or more in larger markets. In contrast, digital billboards can cost $10,000 or more, depending on the location.
Billboard advertising can be a great way to promote your business, but it may be difficult to track your return on investment. A vanity phone number helps you track your return on investment (ROI) by providing a specific number so you can monitor how your customers learned about you. They’re also eye-catching and help people remember your business. Get a vanity phone number through Grasshopper to garner attention and track your ROI.
Billboard advertising costs are stated in cost per mille (CPM), or cost per thousand impressions, and are affected by circulation, demographics, and impressions. Together, these factors inform the billboard’s out-of-home (OOH) rating, as determined by Geopath. Therefore, billboard costs depend on where you advertise and how many people you expect to see your ad.
Circulation – The total volume of traffic that passes the billboard, which is derived from transportation authorities. The circulation does not take into account whether passersby see your ad.
Demographics – The breakout by age, gender and income level of people who typically pass by a billboard. Expect to pay more to advertise to people with higher income levels.
Impressions – The number of people who actually see the ad, based on the size of the billboard, visibility, the speed at which people are

########
Rank: 7
Score: 41.08844
Retrieved Text: German ad agency Thjnk and production studio I Made This teamed up to create a unique RGB Billboard that revealed different messages depending on the colored lights.
The billboard featured three different messages in three different colors i.e. cyan, magenta and yellow. At night, the billboard was lit up by red, green and blue (RGB) light bulbs, which made the different messages visible depending on the shinning light bulb.
The red showed the cyan text; the green made the magenta text visible; and the blue light revealed the yellow text. With this simple visual trick, the billboard made the most of its limited space and embodied Ikeas’s space-saving message.
Ikea has been innovating every year with their classic paper catalog. In Norway they decided to take this classic paper catalog and make a social media version of it. With zero budget, they asked their 130,000 Facebook and Instagram Fans to post the page of their favourite product on Instagram and add the hashtag #ikeakatalogen, for the chance of winning that product.
As a result, every week someone won the product they posted and within four weeks the whole catalog was available on Instagram.
Last year Ikea re-imagined their catalog via a special visual recognition app that brought its pages and offerings within to life in the form of inspirational videos, designer stories, ‘x-ray’ vision that peeked inside furniture, and more.
Ikea swapped all the regular neon tubes found in adshels around Vienna with their new range of LED lights. This way they made the product the medium and demonstrated that Ikea can

########
Rank: 8
Score: 40.818577
Retrieved Text: How soon some forget that as much as Kanye West has been on his grind as a producer from the late ’90s to early ’00s mirrors his vocal journey as a rapper and even his venture into the world of fashion. One thing that has always undeniably remained consistent is his work — whether it be his work in production, emceeing, or designing — is his passion. The same could be said for John Legend (seemingly right after he was given the name “Legend” from J. Ivy), who’s also featured in the 2002 video from the 2nd Annual Dynamic Producer Conference in New York City.
The two are performing “18 Years,” a demo of what would become “Gold Digger” from Yeezy’s sophomore album, Late Registration. Just in case you were unaware, “Gold Digger” was 2005’s second-longest running number one on the Billboard Hot 100, Grammy winner for Best Solo Performance (2006), listed at number 49 on Billboard magazine’s All Time Top 100 and at 9 on the Billboard Hot 100 Songs of the Decade.
Nonetheless, the duo put on a remarkable performance of the track — with John Legend on sound (the piano) and Kanye West on the mic. Surely the crowd could feel the potential of the performers. That, or they could relate to having illegitimate illegitimate children and finding out “18 years” later. Either way, enjoy the show.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 40.592487
Retrieved Text: John Mayer Biography, Discography, Music News on 100 XR - The Net's #1 Rock Station!!!
Adult Alternative Pop-Rock singer + guitarist & songwriter John Mayer was born on October 16, 1977, in Bridgeport, Connecticut USA. He started playing the guitar at the age of thirteen, subsequently he moved to Boston to attend Berkley College of Music.
When was 21 years old, Mayer relocated to Atlanta where he released his debut album of acoustic tracks titled "Inside Wants Out".
In early summer of 2001, the artist released "Room For Squares" which was later picked up and issued by Columbia Records; his first major-label album enjoyed a 95-week chart run, peaking at #8 on The Billboard 200 and was ultimately certified quadruple-platinum in the States. The record included "No Such Thing" and "Your Body Is A Wonderland" which both entered the top 20 of The Billboard Hot 100 and along with "Why Georgia", made an impressive impact at Adult Contemporary radio stations.
In early 2003 Mayer won Best Male Pop Vocal Performance for "Your Body Is A Wonderland" at 45th Annual Grammy Awards.
Later that year he returned with "Heavier Things" which peaked at #1 on The Billboard Top 200 Albums chart and climbed into the top 3 in Canada. The inaugural single from the CD, "Bigger Than My Body", debuted at #33 on The Billboard Hot 100 and hit #4 on The Adult Top 40 chart; also the second single, "Clarity", gained great success on the Adult Contemporary charts. Even still, it was the acoustic ballad "Daughters" that gave Mayer his first

########
Rank: 10
Score: 39.917267
Retrieved Text: Baton Rouge, LA – September 16, 2014 – Lamar Advertising Company (Nasdaq: LAMR) and Vondran Orthodontics are responsible for bringing the first 3D billboard to life in West Little Rock, Arkansas. The innovative billboard design features a row of 3D teeth and braces with reflectors to increase visibility during the day. At night, LED lights positioned behind the teeth glow, making the billboard fully visible at all times.
The Vondran Orthodontics campaign concept was developed by Marketing Consultant and Account Executive Jack Lankford of Lamar Advertising in Little Rock. Artist Jon Collins of Lamar Advertising executed the design and added embellishments to the concept to make the billboard stand out.
“I have been designing billboards for Lamar’s customers for 29 years, and this is one of my favorite designs as of late,” said Lamar Advertising Artist Jon Collins. “This is one of those creative pieces that really showcases Lamar's capabilities from a production standpoint."
The Vondran Orthodonitcs billboard features larger-than-life 3D teeth with reflective braces extending off Lamar Advertising’s billboard space in West Little Rock. At night, LED lights positioned behind the teeth glow, making the billboard fully visible at all times.
Lamar Advertising started producing custom 3D objects at its printing facility in Baton Rouge last year, and Vondran Orthodontics took advantage of this opportunity for their new campaign concept.
“It has been fantastic seeing the idea come to life,” said Dr. Andy Vondran. “The response to the billboard has exceeded all my expectations, and positive comments are coming into my office left and right. I can't wait to see

########
Rank: 11
Score: 39.78536
Retrieved Text: It is here, within this special part of The Gene Watson Fan Site, that you have an opportunity to read a quote from Rhonda Vincent, which she submitted to this site on Tuesday 20 February 2007.
Sean Brady would like to take this opportunity to say 'thank you' to Rhonda Vincent who has made a special contribution to a unique part of this online 'celebration of a Lone Star Hero'.
This quote was submitted on Tuesday 20 February 2007.
'Gene Watson is one of my favourite country music singers.
I love the uniqueness of his voice and the way he delivers a song.
Thank you, Rhonda Vincent, for your support of Gene Watson.
Rhonda Vincent was born on Friday 13 July 1962 in Kirksville, Missouri and found herself fortunate enough to be born into a musical family.
Rhonda Vincent's Grandpa Bill and her parents, John and Carolyn, along with an aunt and uncle and some cousins, performed as The Sally Mountain Show.
In 1965, Rhonda Vincent joined the group, when she was three years old.
In 1967, Rhonda Vincent made her recording debut; the song 'How Far is Heaven' was included on 'Boyd Halford & The Sally Mountain Singers', an album of which only a hundred copies were pressed.
In 1971, Rhonda Vincent recorded her first single, 'Muleskinner Blues', which was coupled with 'Satisfied Mind'; the recording made such an impact that it was awarded The Society for the Preservation of Bluegrass Music Award for 'Single of the Year' in 1974.
Between 1974 and 1985, Rhonda Vincent recorded eight albums with The Sally Mountain Show on their

########
Rank: 12
Score: 39.57447
Retrieved Text: John David Jackson (born November 18, 1977), better known by his stage name Fabolous, is an American recording artist. He first gained popularity from the hit single "Can't Deny It" in 2001, from his debut album Ghetto Fabolous. The album reached number-three on the Billboard 200 chart and sold over 1.05 million copies by 2003. His followup album, Street Dreams (2003), produced the Billboard Hot 100 number-four hits "Can't Let You Go", featuring Lil' Mo & Mike Shorey, and "Into You", featuring Tamia.
In 2004, Fabolous released the album Real Talk, which peaked at number-six on the Billboard 200 with 179,000 copies sold in one week and contained the charting singles "Breathe" and "Baby". Following a three year hiatus since Real Talk, the artist released his fourth studio album, From Nothin' to Somethin' (2007), which debuted at number-two on the Billboard 200 and number-one on the Billboard Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums and sold 159,000 copies in its first week. The album spawned the singles "Diamonds", "Return of the Hustle", "Make Me Better", featuring Ne-Yo, and "Baby Don't Go", which featured Jermaine Dupri and T-Pain.
Fabolous' success continued with his 2009 album, Loso's Way, which debuted at number-one on the Billboard 200, selling over 99,000 copies in its first week, and became the artist's first album to top the chart. Loso's Way produced the singles "My Time", "Everything, Everyday, Everywhere", "Throw It in the Bag", and "Money Goes, Honey Stay (When the Money Goes Remix)".
Is cause i got the same mike's that Jordan had on the "Space Jam"
"Son, are you

########
Rank: 13
Score: 39.38054
Retrieved Text: Casey Lindeweiler (John Robinson) inherits the last remaining independent radio station in town, WTYT 960, only to find the station is in financial shambles and in the ratings basement. To right the sinking ship, Casey pulls out one of the oldest tricks in radio, the wacky contest. His idea is to host a billboard sitting contest where four people will live on a catwalk in front of a billboard in hopes of winning “nine-sixty” thousand dollars and a mobile home. All they have to do is be the last one living on the billboard. Unprepared for the spotlight, Casey attempts to rise to the challenge of running a business, as he has to worry about his contestants, the competition, the local authorities, the media’s interpretation of his contest, and mother nature.
Billboard was released on Cinema 20d ago in the US.
Notify me when Billboard is available.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 39.257385
Retrieved Text: I want to share a photo I took yesterday afternoon on my way home from swim lessons. The billboard is advertising Direct.com, a domain name used by a local credit union called Direct Federal Credit Union. I spotted the billboard on I-95 in either Needham or Wellesley, Massachusetts. It was the first time I can recall the name of this credit union before, and I think it is an effective advertisement.
The credit union has owned the Direct.com domain name for many years. The earliest historical Whois record from 2001 (courtesy of DomainTools), shows that the credit union owned the domain name back then. The credit union also owns Direct Federal.com. Unfortunately for them, another credit union called Deseret First Credit Union owns the matching DFCU.com domain name. I am sure they are content with their domain names though.
I think Direct.com is a fantastic domain name, and I think this billboard shows how a great domain name can be the focus of a billboard on a major highway. It’s easy to remember, simple to spell, and the messaging is clear. Kudos to Direct Federal Credit Union, which I had no idea existed (essentially in my backyard) until I saw the billboard yesterday.
The domain name itself is good, but it’s not brand-matching to its current owner.
I saw that one too – I drive that road almost every day. I immediately thought, wow, what a great name and I’ll totally remember that. However, to this day, I still don’t know what the company is or does. Yes, it’s a

########
Rank: 15
Score: 39.15623
Retrieved Text: Elton John (Reginald Kenneth Dwight) was born on March 25, 1947 in Pinner, Middlesex, Great Britain. In 1961, his debut with the young adherent of blues-rock John Baldry took place. Soon Baldry formed the group under the name “Bluesology” where Elton became a full member. “Bluesology” was one of the best blues-rock bands in England in mid-sixties.
In 1967, beginning the solo career, Reg became Elton John. Having realized that it is easier to write music than words, Elton posted an ad in the London newspaper with the offer of cooperation. 22-year-old Bernie Taupin responded to his offer. Within eight years, there was no song of Elton, the author of lyrics to which would be somebody except Bernie. In 1968, the first track “I’ve Been Loving You” went out in England. In 1969, there was his 1st disk “Empty Sky” and the recording “It's Me That You Need”. He also wrote "Your Song" which got to ten charts of Billboard.
The first disk was gold in the USA. In 1972 the collection “Honky Chateau”, which had “Rocket Man” and “Honky Cat”, became gold. The recording “Crocodile Rock” from “Don't Shoot Me, I'm Only the Piano Player” (1973) reached the first place in hit parade of Billboard while “Daniel” was the second.
Elton created his own record company Rocket Records in 1974. His double disk “Good-bye Yellow Brick Road” won the 1st place in Billboard. Cash Box and Record World recognized him as the best performer of the year and together with Billboard called him the best performer of hits

########
Rank: 16
Score: 39.086754
Retrieved Text: New eyewitness reports gathered by Billboard suggest multiple shooters were involved in the attack on the Blue Parrot nightclub on Monday in Playa del Carmen, Mexico, contrary to area police’s statements referred to by BPM Festival’s Facebook account.
A 28-year-old Australian attendee told Billboard he saw five Mexican men in leather jackets attempt to enter the Blue Parrot.
The man said he later saw one of the men walk through a police perimeter, this time without his leather jacket.
Billboard notes that the man’s report aligns with one from Mexican publication Semanario Playa News Aquí y Ahora, which blamed the attack on a drug cartel dispute. Quintana Roo state is a longstanding hotbed of cartel and drug-trafficking activity, sources said. The Quintana Roo District Attorney’s office told Billboard the shooting was most likely drug-related and aimed at a single target.
A 23-year-old man from Los Angeles told Billboard he saw people outside of Blue Parrot lining up in strange formations before the shooting began, suggesting several of them knew it was coming.
A DJ told Billboard he was confident that the shooting came from multiple gunmen. After jumping over a beachside fence to escape the fire within Blue Parrot, the DJ said people that were with him saw a second gunmen running down the beach. It “felt like a statement,” he told Billboard. The official version of events “do not check out” to him, he said.
One industry source told Billboard he heard gunfire coming from at least two blocks away from Blue Parrot while escaping the scene. He said he witnessed

########
Rank: 17
Score: 38.97644
Retrieved Text: If you want to promote your business effectively, you will have to utilize rolling billboard advertising. You can choose between using printed billboards mounted on the sides of the truck or use the one that electronically produces digital images.
Either way, you can enhance the visibility of your business and increase your profits.
Advertising is already part of every business. No business will be able to attract customers or clients without using the right advertising campaigns. There are many types of ads that a certain business can use. Still, not all ads may work for the business and so the owner should shop around to find out the ones that will work best for them. Through effective advertising, you can attract customers and later on increase your sales or profits. One of the most popular types of advertising is through billboards.
Under this type, you can still choose among several kinds of billboards. The rolling billboard is has gained a lot of popularity these days. In this outdoor advertising medium, you will need a panel truck that carries printed billboard from the outside or one that is capable of electronically producing digital images on the exterior. The truck moves around the city or it can also park in areas where the ads are highly visible. This is a great way to attract customers in your local area and it’s cost effective as well. The term ‘rolling’ billboard was derived from the fact that the truck is rolling or moving from one place to another.
Outdoor advertising is a proven way

########
Rank: 18
Score: 38.838997
Retrieved Text: The Billboard Magazine is the definitive Police magazine for the UK Police Force from the UK's premier emergency services publisher.
The groundbreaking Police magazine is unequivocally the most easy to read, lively and informative magazine for this sector on the market. Our unrivalled coverage of all the latest news, views, campaigns and initiatives you need to be aware of make The Billboard a must for those wanting that bit more from their Police magazine.
The Billboard online will keep you up to date with the very latest Police Force jobs, as well as the latest news on our Police Force blog where we invite your comments on issues of the day.
We are continuously aiming to improve the look and feel of the magazine and our website to fit with the needs of our target audience which includes all those employed within the Police Force and related charities. Look out for special features such as our new guest columns, fitness advice and exclusive features in every issue.
Distributed quarterly, you'll find The Billboard magazine is a valued and unrivalled source of information with content which continues to evolve with the needs of the Police Force.
With the UK’s leading Police magazine for all Police Force officers and staff now available to download online, you no longer need worry about missing out on the latest issue. Subscribe and simply download your own copy of The Billboard at your convenience.
And if you missed a previous issue of our popular magazine, don't worry. Subscribers can simply download a copy from our easy to use

########
Rank: 19
Score: 38.827328
Retrieved Text: It is here, within this special part of The Gene Watson Fan Site, that you have an opportunity to read a quote from David Frizzell, which he submitted to this site on Friday 29 October 2004.
Sean Brady would like to take this opportunity to say 'thank you' to David Frizzell who has made a special contribution to a unique part of this online 'celebration of a Lone Star Hero'.
'In the world of country music, Gene Watson stands alongside legends Lefty Frizzell (Saturday 31 March 1928 - Saturday 19 July 1975), Merle Haggard (Tuesday 6 April 1937 - Wednesday 6 April 2016) and George Jones (Saturday 12 September 1931 - Friday 26 April 2013)'.
Thank you, David Frizzell, for your support of Gene Watson.
David Frizzell was born on Friday 26 September 1941 in El Dorado, Texas and is the younger brother of country music legend Lefty Frizzell (Saturday 31 March 1928 - Saturday 19 July 1975).
David Frizzell made his debut performances in Lefty Frizzell's travelling road-show.
By the time he was thirteen years old, David Frizzell had performed a selection of Elvis Presley (Tuesday 8 January 1935 - Tuesday 16 August 1977) songs at Rainbow Gardens in Bakersfield, California.
In 1958, David Frizzell signed with Columbia Records and recorded a series of unsuccessful songs. After spending four years in the United States Air Force, David Frizzell resumed his career, but still failed to make an impression.
David Frizzell & Shelly West's 'Carryin' on The Family Names' (Warner Bros. Records, 1981) reached No.6 on the Billboard Top Country Albums Chart in 1981.
David

########
Rank: 20
Score: 38.643845
Retrieved Text: Adam Rippon of USA during the Figure Skating Men Short Program on day seven of the PyeongChang 2018 Winter Olympic Games at Gangneung Ice Arena on Feb. 16, 2018 in Gangneung, South Korea.
Before he even took the ice in Pyeongchang, South Korea, U.S. figure skating sensation Adam Rippon told Billboard that a rule change after the last Winter Olympics that allowed skaters to perform to music with lyrics had totally liberated him and opened up his routines to a galaxy of possibilities. His unchained spirit was on display again on Thursday night (Feb. 15) when the 28-year-old bronze medalist in the team competition lit up the rink with a performance cued to a hit remix of Danish singer Ida Corr's 2008 single "Let Me Think About It."
Not only was Rippon clearly motivated to do his best by the Eddie Thoneick remix of "Let Me Think" featuring Fedde Le Grand, but Corr herself tells Billboard that she was ecstatic that the whole world got to see the American favorite work it out to her song. "I felt proud and excited! As a songwriter it's such a pleasure knowing that people all around the world are introduced to your music," she tells Billboard in an email.
Corr says she watched the skate -- which briefly pushed Rippon into first place before he dropped down to 9th -- on YouTube on Friday morning (Feb. 16) and she called the skater simply "amazing!!" The singer was not aware that this was the first Olympics where skaters could use songs with lyrics,

########
Rank: 21
Score: 38.63094
Retrieved Text: It is easy to see billboards on a drive to work or road trip. Billboards reach out to consumers within the immediate area and capture their attention. Designed for local businesses and consumers, this marketing option can be an effective way to notify consumers about a new business, product or service. Like most aspects of the business world, companies should do their research and visit the location before they commit to billboard advertising.
Long ago, the billboard industry began as a part of the pop art movement. Artists at the time were hired to paint billboards in a way that was impossible to mass-produce. In particular, Andy Warhol became famous for creating advertisements for Campbell’s Soup. Each artist signed their name to the billboard once it was created.
Before long, billboards became increasingly commercialized. Companies began to figure out that they could glue large prints to a billboard or transform the billboard into an electric sign. Today, there are giant billboards that flip from one advertisement to another. These billboards are designed to be so large that they are impossible for a driver to miss.
Billboards were not always the common, familiar sight that they are today. Former First Lady Lady Bird Johnson once started an anti-billboard campaign to make roadways more beautiful. She wanted to add park benches, take away billboards and plant flowers along the highways in the United States. Johnson started her dream by cleaning up Washington D.C. and fixing the dilapidated parts of the city. Due to her efforts, a law called the Highway Beautification

########
Rank: 22
Score: 38.466637
Retrieved Text: Everyone has their favorite commercials on TV. In the context of cities, billboards are sometimes just as entertaining. Anyone have a favorite billboard?
I saw one today that caused me to begin this thread. This billboard was an advertisement for the area's transit system. The ad was positioned adjacent to a low bridge with four lanes of traffic. Beneath the bridge are rails for the rapid to operate upon. The billboard implicitly pointed the transit lines, saying "Napping Lane".
I've seen 'em in other cities. I question the effectiveness of such signs on crime, but I do know that they can't help the image of an area.
I think those billboards are more of a mockery than anything. I couldn't help but snicker and think "yeah right" every time I passed it.
One of the local health care systems had a billboard with a life-sized mannequin - a man dressed in a painter's outfit hanging off a ladder that was tilted towards the sidewalk. The message read something like "Accidents Happen"....blah blah blah. It caused such a stir with drivers that I'm surprised real accidents didn't occur because of it. I know my head did a Linda Blair 180 degree turn when I first drove past it.
On the way to San Antonio from Austin there is an anti-abortion billboard with hundreds for little white cosses underneath it depicting all of the "graves".
I'd never seen a religious bill board until moving to SC - those were always my favorite, especially for the "In Bed" game. It plays like this: You repeat

########
Rank: 23
Score: 38.45615
Retrieved Text: Spirits Having Flown Tour is the eighth concert tour by the Bee Gees in support of their fifteenth studio album Spirits Having Flown. The tour began on 28 June 1979 in Fort Worth, Texas reaching a total of 38 cities before coming to a close on 6 October 1979 in Miami, Florida. It was their most lavish and successful tour during the height of their popularity following two straight number-one albums and six number-one singles and grossed over $10 million as reported by Billboard by the end of its run.
After the release of the Saturday Night Fever soundtrack, The Bee Gees were unable to tour due to their commitment to the Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band movie. Then from March to November, 1978, they spent much of their time in the studio recording Spirits Having Flown, the follow-up album to Saturday Night Fever.
Prior to the kickoff of the tour, The Bee Gees popularity grew even further following Saturday Night Fever, when they were the headline act on the Music for UNICEF Concert in January. Then they won four Grammy awards in February for Fever and by June, they pulled off a feat only matched by The Beatles with six consecutive number one singles, when "Love You Inside Out" topped the charts in June, setting the stage for the hottest summer tour since The Beatles in 1964.
Considering the group's popularity was at an all-time high, stringent security precautions were taken, though The Bee Gees themselves setup base in only five cities. They would fly to the

########
Rank: 24
Score: 38.45208
Retrieved Text: What a talent and gone WAY to soon. We were just getting to know singer/songwriter Jim Croce in the early 1970’s with hits like “Bad, Bad Leroy Brown” and “You Don’t Mess Around With Jim” when he hits us with this insightful story-song, “Operator,” also commonly referred to as “That’s Not the Way It Feels.” “Operator” was written and recorded in 1972 single Croce as part of his Don’t Mess Around With Jim album and was released as a single on August 23, 1972. Ultimately it peaked at #17 on the Billboard Hot 100 in December of that year, spending twelve weeks on the chart.
Croce’s widow, Ingrid, claims the song was inspired during Jim’s national guard, where he saw lines of soldiers waiting to use the outdoor payphone on base, many of them calling their wives or girlfriends to see if their Dear John letter they had received was true.
Less than a year after this performance, on Thursday, September 20, 1973, during Croce’s Life and Times tour and the day before his single “I Got a Name” was released, Croce and five others died when their chartered plane crashed into a tree during take-off from the Natchitoches Regional Airport.
This is a great LIVE performance that shows you what a couple of guys with guitars can do.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 38.066692
Retrieved Text: All of Gene Watson's Peers who were contacted during 2014 were most gracious with their time and words. It is here, within this special part of the Gene Watson Fan Site, that you have an opportunity to read a quote from Aaron Barker, which he submitted to this site on Friday 16 May 2014.
Sean Brady would like to take this opportunity to say 'thank you' to Aaron Barker who made a special contribution to this unique part of this online 'celebration of a Lone Star Hero'.
This quote was submitted on Friday 16 May 2014.
'Gene Watson is one of the defining artists of an entire era of Texas-based mainstream country music.
He helped pave the way for many of us who have since followed in his footsteps.
Thank you, Aaron Barker, for your support of Gene Watson.
Aaron Barker was born on Thursday 5 March 1953 in San Antonio, Texas and began his musical career in a 'variety band' when he was thirteen years old. Aaron stayed with his band for many years and played everything from Bob Wills (Monday 6 March 1905 - Tuesday 13 May 1975) to Bob Seger.
Aaron Barker drove his bus from place to place, playing with original melodies and lyrics in the hope that he could create his own songs.
Aaron Barker's first attempt, 'Baby Blue', was recorded by George Strait, who included the track on 'If You Ain’t Lovin’, You Ain’t Livin’ (MCA Records, 1988); the track was No.1 on the Billboard country music singles chart for one week in August 1988.
Aaron Barker continued to

########
Rank: 26
Score: 37.85575
Retrieved Text: History Outdoor Advertising and Billboards are a collation of photos, logos and information. They can be humourous, containing witty slogans, and they can also be strange or ironic however; no matter what message they are trying to convey, they are memorable images that help to make our lives more worthwhile.
This is because billboards are the least expensive forms of advertising and they reach far more people than other mediums. Billboards are a symbol of development and civilization.
The most impactful billboards are the bulletins as they are the most visible form of billboard, not just because of their size, but because they allow creative customising through their extensions and embellishments. Billboards are useful because instead of a business having to find their customers, they see the billboard advertising and seek out the company.
Billboards can be traced back to the earliest Egyptian civilization.
Thousands of years ago, the Egyptians used tall obelisks made out of stone to demonstrate its laws and treaties to the public, making it the earliest known form of outdoor advertising. It may appear to be very political however; it is still a form of advertising.
In 1450, Johannes Gutenberg invented movable type printing, introducing modern advertising through the handbill. The perfection of the lithographic process led to the construction of the first illustrated poster in 1796. As time passed people sought more desirable locations to make sure that the maximum amount of people saw the advert, and that their message could be communicated as clearly as possible. Structures were constructed in locations where heavy traffic was

########
Rank: 27
Score: 37.747036
Retrieved Text: “Your Good Thing (Is About to End)” (written by Isaac Hayes and David Porter) is a 1969 single by Lou Rawls from his album The Way It Was: The Way It Is. The song reached number 18 on the Billboard Hot 100 singles chart. The song was originally recorded by Mable John in 1966 peaking at #95 on the Billboard Hot 100 and #6 on the R&B Charts.
At Last è una canzone scritta nel 1941 da Mack Gordon e Harry Warren per la colonna sonora del film Orchestra Wives con George Montgomery e Ann Rutherford. Fu originariamente interpretata nel film e registrata da Glenn Miller e la sua orchestra.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 37.53517
Retrieved Text: All of Gene Watson's Peers, who were contacted by The Gene Watson Fan Site, during 2007, were most gracious with their time and words. It is here, within this special part of The Gene Watson Fan Site, that you have an opportunity to read a quote from Collin Raye, which he submitted to this site on Friday 28 September 2007.
Sean Brady would like to take this opportunity to say 'thank you' to Collin Raye, who has made a special contribution to a unique part of this online 'celebration of a Lone Star Hero'.
This quote was submitted on Friday 28 September 2007.
'I believe Gene Watson possesses one of the most natural, smoothest, pure and authentic voices in the history of the country genre.
He influenced everybody from my generation of singers.
'Fourteen Carat Mind' and 'I Don't Need a Thing at All' have been like essential listening for me.
And 'Farewell Party' should be required, mandatory study, for anyone wanting to do this for a living'.
Thank you, Collin Raye, for your support of Gene Watson.
Collin Raye is a native of DeQueen, Arkansas where he was born Floyd Collin Wray on Monday 22 August 1960.
Both of Collin Raye's parents were musical and Collin's mother, Lois Wray, was a regionally popular performer in east Texas who was the opening act for several Sun Records artists, including Elvis Presley (Tuesday 8 January 1935 - Tuesday 16 August 1977), Johnny Cash (Friday 26 February 1932 - Friday 12 September 2003), Jerry Lee Lewis and Carl Perkins (Saturday 9 April 1932 - Monday 19 January

########
Rank: 29
Score: 37.529945
Retrieved Text: WALNUT CREEK — The Israeli-Palestinian conflict, raging mostly on the other side of the world for decades, is getting attention now in central Contra Costa, thanks to a sharply worded billboard perched off Interstate 680 that urges people to question the United States’ financial aid commitment to Israel.
The billboard, paid for by the San Diego-based group If Americans Knew has also spurred discussion, locally and regionally, not only about the issue in general but about whether the billboard itself is anti-Semitic, and how opposing viewpoints should be presented. Although the billboard is set to come down Sunday, the debate will likely rage on; it will be replaced by one from a group with pro-Israeli sympathies.
“There are a lot of strong feelings about it, and ultimately we want to help create a dialogue on the issues related to U.S. aid to Israel,” said Jeremy Russell, a spokesman for the San Francisco-based Jewish Community Relations Council. He said his group is working to help unify the area Jewish community’s public response to the billboards.
If Americans Knew paid $5,000 for a 30-day rental of a billboard along heavily traveled I-680 in Walnut Creek, north of North Main Street, visible to northbound drivers. It says simply, “We give Israel $10 million per day! That money could send our kids to college.” Its 30 days ends Sunday night.
Alison Weir, an author and Richmond resident, heads If Americans Knew. Its self-described mission is to “provide full and accurate information” on the Israeli-Palestinian conflict, and help find solutions, and to generate interest in

================



======= Instance Index 1513 =========
Input Text: Mary was a bad girl, but she was always open about that.  People liked her because she was what?
Choose the most suitable option to answer the above question.
Options:
- excellent
- fun
- honest
- worthy
- choice

Target Text: honest

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 53.240932
Retrieved Text: I never liked Mary, yes that Mary – the mother of God Mary.
Maybe its because my mother had such a devotion to her, but I always saw Mary as this wimpy little girl who could be talked into anything. I hated that she was manipulated into becoming a mother, forced to do what her family told her, made to be something I don’t think that she was ready for.
“My” Mary reflected so much of what I felt about my life. My mother was “saint Anne”, a mom I could only see as needy and clinging to her daughters life for a life of her own. Mary this little girl who was being told what to do and how to think. My brother was my angel who told me that I could not start my life because I was to take care of mother…what about him…he lived only thirty minutes from my mother in Baltimore and my mother was not an invalid, or seriously ill, she was just needy, clinging and childlike! How dare he tell me what my life was to be like, but I did what he said/commanded me to do.
I would look at those I am so much more innocent and pious than you are eyes and secretly hate her, her little girl looks, her blinky eyed what do you mean look like on her face. This Mary was a fraud, just as I was feeling: a fraud, I didn’t know what I wanted to do when I grew up, and I felt like

########
Rank: 1
Score: 48.718304
Retrieved Text: Secretly she wanted him as well.
Skater boy rockin' up mtv.
Looks up at the man that she turned down.
Does your pretty face see what he's worth?
About a girl you used to know!
This song made me love Avril Lavigne. It shows how you should never judge someone on how they look. It also hints on that you shouldn't listen to peer pressure. It is what is inside that counts! The song is a story that shows this. The boy likes the girl and the girl kinda likes him, too. As all of us know, you are judged all of the time. The boy is a loser while the girl is popular. She doesn't go out with him because her friends think that he is weird. When they get older he proves that he is more than just a skater boy. There is more than meets the eye. The girl lost her chance. Overall, don't judge someone without getting to know them. Jumping to conclusions on how they look doesn't show what is on the inside. It seems a little like karma, too. The boy proved that he was better than what people thought, after she turned him down. This almost happened to me. My boyfriend is wonderful and I love him, but it wasn't like that before. He was considered a loser and people teased me for being his girlfriend. I broke up with him, but I now realize that it was wrong. I asked for forgiveness, and we are happy together. I ignore all of the people

########
Rank: 2
Score: 47.944355
Retrieved Text: Once there was a girl named Mary. She had black hair and was in kindergarten. She was five and liked playing games at recess like family. Her best friend was named Mimi. Mimi had glasses, played with Mary 24/7, and was five as well. Their teacher was named Ms. Rendy. All these people had brown eyes.
After about two hours, they finally found a big, fat, dusty book called All About Native Americans. It seemed liked the perfect book to write a report that was being turned into Sunset Elementary. After 55 chapters full of tiny, hard to read print, (some including clothing and games) they reached the chapter on animals and food. And guess what the first sentence said? It said that Native Americans ate bunnies! This was heartbreaking. Even worse, since Mary loved bunnies, she felt like she had been stabbed.
The next Tuesday, Mary went into the shed in her backyard to get a leash for her dog. But the second she got inside, the little wood structure seemed to begin going downward, but not underground. Kind of like an elevator. The stomach-churning zooming went on for ten minutes. When the door opened, Mary was so surprised by the shockingly beautiful landscape. Her breath was taken away. The grass was greener than anything her small hometown in Wisconsin had to offer, and large, innocent deer darted away from flying arrows. No one seemed to care about the animals. (This was a quiet scene.) Suddenly, Mary felt something warm and fuzzy rubbing against her leg. She

########
Rank: 3
Score: 47.461666
Retrieved Text: I was one of 4 girls in our group of friends. I didn't realise until the end of year 10, but my 'best friend' who I always confided in, not only bitched about me behind my back, but was out to sabotage my relationships.
I started dating this guy from another school that was in love with me at the start of year 10. Somehow, he started hearing rumours about me going into the school toilets with guys and "getting up to stuff". Around the same time, a girl from my primary school that went to his school moved to my school and joined my group. Eventually, I found out this girl was making up all the rumours and I stopped talking to her, about then my 'best friend' became close to this girl and ditched me for her on several occasions, but I kept forgiving her. On my sixteenth birthday, my boyfriend told me he heard I was cheating on him. I found out my 'best friend' made it up. When I confronted her about it, she told me she really liked my boyfriend and didn't want to see him get hurt because of me. I left my group because the rest of the girls just followed what my 'best friend' did.
After that, I would sit up almost every night crying because i had given up my "whole life" and i felt empty inside. Now I have moved to a senior school and have made new friends who are as open with me as i am

########
Rank: 4
Score: 47.434475
Retrieved Text: On The Edge Of Gone wasn’t what I thought it would be, and I really wished I liked it more. I can see why people like it, but it just wasn’t for me.
The idea behind it is really interesting. A comet is about to hit, and some people have left earth, while others have stayed behind in shelters. I liked seeing Denise fight to get to the shelter she’s been assigned to, and then fight to stay on a ship that needs all passengers to have a skill that would allow them to stay on board. I get her fears that she won’t be able to stay on board, especially with her mother, and I can appreciate she’d do what she could to help out and have a better chance at survival.
The story felt pretty slow and unfortunately, it felt like it took place over a really long period of time. It felt like it took place over weeks, that’s how slow it felt. In reality, it probably took place over the course of a few days, but it was so slowly paced that it felt longer. It also felt like absolutely nothing happened, and I expected a lot more action, considering it was the end of the world. I kept waiting for something more exciting to happen, and for me, it never did.
I never felt completely invested, and while I felt for Denise and what she was going through and experiencing, I also never completely cared about what happened to her. I mean, I knew

########
Rank: 5
Score: 47.427177
Retrieved Text: In 1838, a girl named Mary Rogers disappeared from her home in New York City. Miss Rogers wasn’t just any girl, though—she was famous for her beauty, which was on display at the cigar store in Lower Manhattan where she worked as a salesgirl. The owner of the store, John Anderson, knew Mary from his neighborhood and was clever enough to realize that someone with her looks would bring in business; the men who came to the store to see her and flirt with her had to eventually buy something, didn’t they?
Mary Rogers became the talk of the town quickly enough, despite being, as one newspaper described her, “unencumbered by position or achievement.” So when she disappeared, there was a flurry of dismay in the papers. A note apparently written by Mary alluded to the idea of suicide, but one newspaper, in a rather waggish tone, suggested that she had eloped with a handsome, mysterious stranger.
Mary came home after a few weeks. She just said she had been visiting friends and no one ever found out whether that was true or not. She soon stopped working at the cigar store and instead helped her mother run a boarding house. On a hot Sunday in July 1841, Mary disappeared again. A few days later her body washed ashore in Hoboken.
The murder investigation got off to a sluggish start; New York City didn’t really have a police force, just a shaky system of poorly regarded constables and local magistrates. Unsurprisingly, the first big concern was over who should

########
Rank: 6
Score: 46.508274
Retrieved Text: What stage of life were you when you met? What were you doing, where were you working? What did you feel about love and marriage in general?
Amy: I was 24 years old and had just recently left a career in Manhattan’s fashion industry, to start a career in education. Needing credentials, I enrolled at Hofstra University to pursue a Master of Education in Higher Education Leadership and Policy Studies. My whole life I always wanted to get married and have a family. But at the time I met Brian, I really wasn’t looking for anything serious. I was just trying to figure out my career and I had kind of accepted the fact that I probably wasn’t getting married anytime soon.
Brian: When Amy and I met I was very comfortable with my life and at my job. At the time I was managing a small craft beer bar in East Northport and still living with my parents in West Islip. With no rent to pay and having a few years under my belt at the bar I worked at, I have to admit that I was a little too comfortable with my life. Writing this it sounds like both good and bad thing and looking back Amy couldn’t have entered into my life at a more perfect time because she’s exactly what I was and wasn’t looking for at the time – thank god for that!
Amy: I was out to dinner with some friends from my master’s program and Brian was working as a manager in

########
Rank: 7
Score: 46.493263
Retrieved Text: Mary and her husband Jim had a dog named. Lucky was a real character. Whenever Mary and Jim had company come for a weekend visit, they would warn their friends to not leave their luggage open because Lucky would help himself to whatever struck his fancy. Inevitably, someone would forget and something would come up missing.
Mary or Jim would go to Lucky’s toy box in the basement and there the treasure would be. Lucky always stashed his finds in his toy box and he was very particular that his toys stay in the box.
It happened that Mary found out she had breast cancer. Something told her she was going to die of this disease…in fact, she was just sure it was going to be fatal. She scheduled the double mastectomy, with fear riding her shoulders.
The night before she was to go to the hospital she cuddled with Lucky. A thought struck her…what would happen to Lucky? Although the three-year-old dog liked Jim, he was Mary’s dog through and through.
The double mastectomy was harder on Mary than her doctors had anticipated and Mary was hospitalized for over two weeks. Jim took Lucky for his evening walk faithfully, but the little dog just drooped, whining and miserable. Finally the day came for Mary to leave the hospital. When she arrived home, Mary was so exhausted she couldn’t even make it up the steps to her bedroom. Jim made his wife comfortable on the couch and left her to nap. Lucky stood watching Mary but he didn’t come to

########
Rank: 8
Score: 46.28308
Retrieved Text: Web writes: "As a former newspaper reporter and the only son of hard-working parents who were always terribly busy, I have dear but seemingly insignificant memories I can't explain."
She was a little, cow-tending tot, and I honor her memory. But who was she? Among family and friends, only God knows.
I remember holding my father’s hand some seven decades ago -- a rare moment I always cherished – as we walked south on 32nd toward Emerson.
A balmy late August afternoon ‘twas.
We trekked past two vacant lots that five years later would sport new war-time housing, and we approached the well-established stucco house where an older red-headed boy lived.
I liked him. He was kind. Sort of athletic. I remember him kicking a football in that double-lot hay field that bordered the property of my “gwamma” (grandmother). But I seldom was able to talk to him.
Beyond his stucco house was another field. Squatting like a sod hut in the lot’s center was a humble shack housing a Russian family.
Out in the surrounding hay was a cow tended by a little, blond, round-faced Russian girl.
Dad and I stopped there our street walk, short of Emerson and opposite the Russian farm house. My father plucked two straws of hay, inserted them in my mouth. He pulled on the ends, shredding the hay heads to fill my mouth with grass seed.
Well, I didn’t. Still crying, I kept running. Back to my gwamma’s house, and told my mum.
Later when alone with my gwamma, I told her about the little girl in the hay

########
Rank: 9
Score: 46.260086
Retrieved Text: There was that faint whirr of a fan and an almost imperceptible hum after a finger touched the “on” button. Daisy felt a burst of energy as the screen lit up. If possible, she would have giggled as a wave of excited anticipation infused her. She hated being kept in the prison of nothingness. She thought it rude of her people to do that to her! Sometimes she was kept there for days. It was obvious that there were times that they just didn’t care about her. This time it was only overnight though, which wasn’t too horrendous. She did overnighters almost all the time. At least her people spent a lot of time with her during the day.
She wondered who it was this time. Fingers flew across the keys! Ah, it was her youngest boy. She had two boys! And a girl! And a man and woman! They all belonged to her. She was glad it was the youngest boy! The older boy made her sad, and vaguely uneasy. In fact, on the nights she didn’t get sent to her prison of nothingness, it was usually because of him.
Her youngest boy was playing a game. Daisy liked games. His games were fun and interesting. She had learned many wonderful things because of her boy about animals, third grade math, space travel, how to build a tree house, super heroes and many other amazing things.
Wait! Where was he going? She wanted to spend more time with him. Then she saw that other boy! He came there

########
Rank: 10
Score: 46.12692
Retrieved Text: Something To Think About: Love Is A Dog Called "Lucky".
"LOVE IS A DOG CALLED "LUCKY""
Anyone who has pets will really like this. You'll like it even if you don't and may decide you need one. Mary and her husband Jim had a dog, Lucky. Lucky was a real character. Whenever Mary and Jim had company come for a weekend visit they would warn their friends to not leave their luggage open because Lucky would help himself to whatever struck his fancy. Inevitably someone would forget and something would come up missing. Mary or Jim would go to Lucky's toy box in the basement and there the treasure would be, amid all of Lucky's favorite toys. Lucky always stashed his finds in his toy box and he was very particular that his toys stay in the box.
The night before she was to go to the hospital she cuddled with Lucky. A thought struck her...what would happen to Lucky? Although the three- year-old dog liked Jim he was Mary's dog through and through. If I die Lucky will be abandoned, Mary thought. He won't understand that I didn't want to leave him. The thought made her sadder than thinking of her own death.
The double mastectomy was harder on Mary than her doctors had anticipated and Mary was hospitalized for over two weeks. Jim took Lucky for his evening walk faithfully but the dog just drooped, whining and miserable. But finally the day came for Mary to leave the hospital. When she arrived home, Mary was so exhausted she

########
Rank: 11
Score: 46.112602
Retrieved Text: I don’t know about you, but this whole economic crisis is starting to hit home. Did you hear? Starbucks is slashing 7,000 jobs and shuttering a bunch of its stores. Let’s hope and pray the Gelman and E Street branches aren’t on the chopping block. That’d be a real crisis.
But while the economic situation seems to be getting worse, I am a bit skeptical of the pundits who seem bent on comparing the current crises to the 1930s. Is it really that bad?
To get some perspective, I called up my great aunt Mary. When she was about five years old, the Depression hit. And it hit hard. All her siblings – including my grandfather – have passed away. She is the only one left.
Aunt Mary was born in Oklahoma, but we don’t hold that against her. My great-grandfather was a United Methodist minister, so he and his family, Aunt Mary included, moved around, eventually settling in West Texas.
Those black-eyed peas managed to feed Mary and her siblings through the winter.
“Your granddaddy used to always say it wasn’t that he liked black-eyed peas, but he respected them,” Mary told me.
When was the last time you respected food?
Those were different times, Mary explained. Money was tight. Food was in short supply. Even a jar of jelly was a delicacy.
Imagine this: Everyone had to make their own clothes. Your family may be trimming its budget, but I doubt you will be walking around Foggy Bottom in homemade overalls anytime soon.
To illustrate just how much they valued money, Aunt Mary

########
Rank: 12
Score: 46.049877
Retrieved Text: An adaptation of the classic children's novel by English author Frances Hodgson Burnett, this series stars a spoiled and sour girl named Mary. When Mary finds a deserted garden, she becomes determined to bring it back to life. As the garden blooms, will Mary bloom too?
To watch the rest of the 10 episodes click here.
Mary did not miss her mother at all. After all she had not really known her mother. So now, after the death of her parents, she thought only of herself. She hoped she was going to live with nice people who would let her do whatever she wanted. At first she was taken to the home of the local English minister. He had five children who were always quarreling and snatching toys from each other. Mary hated staying at their crowded, messy house. She was so disagreeable to the children that, after the first day or two, nobody would play with her. One day Mary was playing by herself under a tree. She was pretending to make a garden, just as she had been doing the day cholera broke out. One of the little boys, Basil, stood nearby watching her. "You are going to be sent home at the end of the week," Basil said to her. "And we're all glad about it." "I'm glad too," answered Mary. "Where is home?" "You don't know where home is?" Basil said scornfully. "It's England of course. You are going to live with your uncle, Mr. Archibald Craven." Mary frowned. "I don't know anything about

########
Rank: 13
Score: 45.973164
Retrieved Text: Mary Jean was a teenager when she began working at a guesthouse owned by her uncle washing dishes and cleaning rooms. Often the guests would ask her what the underwater world was like, but she was unable to respond.
Many people flocked from around the world to see the underwater treasures of her home called Apo Island in the Philippines. However, with regret, she had never seen it.
Only divers could see the underwater world, and diving was expensive.
She often dreamt of submerging herself in deep blue to see what this thing called ‘diving’ was all about. Such was this mysterious place that only a privileged few were allowed there.
They seemed to enjoy it. Otherwise, they would not travel to her island and keep coming back to dive again and again. Spanish. American. Australian. They just kept coming, and they always asked the same question, what is the diving like?
She was disappointed that she she was never able to answer this question.
As time went on, she became more curious about the deep blue. Her father was a boat captain and she did like the sea and to explore, and she desired to travel the world one day. Her fascination grew every time she heard tales from visitors about schools of jacks, barracudas and giant triggerfish that filled the depths of the sea.
Then, one day, her uncle asked if Mary Jean would like to train as a dive master.
She was very eager to do it, but she quickly realised how hard her journey would be. It was not the

########
Rank: 14
Score: 45.888805
Retrieved Text: An earthquake shook things up at Grey Sloan Memorial Hospital on Grey's Anatomy Season 11 Episode 15, but not nearly as much as potential news regarding Derek and Meredith.
This installment gave Stacy Glanzman, Amanda Steinmetz, Mary Kate Venedam and Christina Tran plenty to discuss regarding the state of MerDer, Owen’s case and much more.
Ready to gather around and join in? Leave your take in the comments!
What was your favorite quote or scene from Grey’s Anatomy Season 11 Episode 15?
Stacy: My favorite story line was definitely Owen and the little girl, but my favorite quote was Callie’s advice to Maggie to let Ethan “razz her berries," etc.
Amanda: I liked Callie making fun of Maggie. Loved the “Upstairs Downstairs” reference!
Mary Kate: I enjoyed the entire story with Owen, Amelia, and Richard talking to the girl to help her mom, but I think I liked Owen meeting little Ruby for the first time. It was so sweet and you could see an actual connection he made to the little girl after he had helped her through something terrible.
Meredith’s streak of successful surgeries: coincidence or not?
Stacy: I had a feeling they were going to reveal that the streak started when Derek left. I think this separation has been really helpful for Meredith to focus and gain perspective.
Amanda: I don’t think it’s a coincidence. Without Derek around to fight with and be distracted by, she’s been able to put all of her energy and focus into her surgeries. Still, it’s important that she acknowledged still wanting to share her success with

########
Rank: 15
Score: 45.75921
Retrieved Text: “I didn’t want anyone to talk to me,” said Harry, who was feeling more and more nettled.
Harry remained quite still as the impact of these words hit him. Then he wheeled round. “I forgot,” he said.
“What d’you mean?” said Harry.
“She’s been breaking into your broom shed in the garden since the age of six and taking each of your brooms out in turn when you weren’t looking,” said Hermione from behind her tottering pile of Ancient Rune books.
Amazing Ginny portraits! MartaT and Pen-umbra captured the empathy, Alicia MB captured the lively energy, Loleia the Weasley temper and Heather Campbell the “bright brown eyes”. I always thought Ginny should have amber eyes, nearly the same colour as her hair.
I regret we didn’t see more of Ginny in the books. She is the girl who Saw Voldemort and Lived, so she must have had some stories to tell.
Ahh… Ginny. She’s one of those characters that I wish we had seen more of. There was never enough of her in the books and I find myself wondering a lot about her. It’s great that JK Rowling gave us more details, though–knowing that she played Quidditch (Quidditch!) professionally makes me like her even more. How cool is she?
I hope we get to know more about Ginny in Pottermore.
I have to agree with Grace has Victory.While I prefer Harry and Hermione as a couple, I have no problems with Harry and Ginny. I just wish we would have seen more of her. Then, I think, it would be easier for me

########
Rank: 16
Score: 45.683426
Retrieved Text: ‘What if I don’t want to drive a taxi?’ said Jasmine, her arms folded tightly across her chest.
Jasmine turned to Rosie, Kelly and Mel for support. She found only silence.
The five girls were standing at the bottom of a grassy embankment that made up one corner of the primary school oval. Above their heads, the air was filled with tiny insects that caught the late autumn light.
Jasmine stared back at Bridgett and reigned in her temper. Just. After all, she was the newcomer, the new girl at school. It was up to her to fit in. Or so everyone kept telling her. But a taxi driver? Who wanted to be a taxi driver in some stupid, made-up play?
The play was about a singer, played by Bridgett, who travels to America to perform in a TV talent show. Which she wins. Bridgett had come up with the idea. She wanted them to perform the play at her grandmother’s ninetieth birthday party.
It sounded more like an order than an invitation and with no-one else to hang out with Jasmine felt she had little choice.
She spent the rest of the lunch hour watching her new friends act out ‘Bridgett’s Day of Fame.’ Except for the part when she had to pretend to drive a taxi, and open the door for Bridgett to get in, and then open the door for Bridgett to get out.
The most annoying part was that Bridgett was an excellent actor and singer; exceptional in fact.
‘She goes to acting classes,’ explained Rosie through a yawn. She

########
Rank: 17
Score: 45.629154
Retrieved Text: She was happy. She knew he loved her. The kind of love that is not selfish and demanding. He sang for her during Skype calls. He would hug her from behind without her expecting it. He would proudly hold her hand in public, and she loved it. She loved the way he loved her. It was all she needed. She had been hurt for so long and to have someone loved her, in the simplest form of love there could ever be, was more than enough. He did not have much, but he would give her the world if he could.
No one expected them to ever be together. Not even them. She had always admired him for his intelligence, and his almost-cocky attitude. Sometimes she would watch him adjust his glasses so it sat perfectly on his nose, but that was it. "There would be nothing more" she thought. They have not been friends for a long time anyway, they practically did not know each other. For him? The thought never even crossed his mind.
No way. She was not pretty, she definitely did not have the grace he always looked for in a girl, she was not gentle. From the scale of "there might be a chance" to "impossible", to him it was "definitely impossible" times a hundred. He never imagined that one day she would be the person he'd long for. He never expected her to ever become so important. He enjoyed being friends with her, but nope, not his type.
They became the people who

########
Rank: 18
Score: 45.5465
Retrieved Text: Was it so obvious that conversation about family hurts her? She was practicing her face expression for situations like this but obviously, her mask fell for a few minutes and he noticed it. Polina wondered if there is anything that he could miss. Nathaniel sees everything.
"No, it's okay. I kinda lost my family a while ago, but it's fine." Three years ago. That was the time when she left everything she knew and loved and came to London.
But of course, he doesn't need to know that. What he would think about the girl who ran away from her home because of her stepmother and father who betrayed her.
"My name is Polina" she smiled a little bit and looked at him.
"My mother was the only one who called me Pol, she really liked that nickname" she shrugged and took a sip of her juice.
"Maybe that is true" she frowned while thinking about his words. Was it really the truth? Is there anything special about her? Probably not. And he would see that soon. And then, just like everyone else, he would realize that she isn't worthy of his time. She was like the parasite.The girl who doesn't belong to no city, and doesn't belong to no man. She was alone in this world and probably will always be.
"I don't really believe in that story about soul mate and things like that" she shrugged and looked through the window. When she was a little she used to believe that her parents are soul mates but then, just a

########
Rank: 19
Score: 45.25337
Retrieved Text: Have you ever wanted something so bad you would do anything to get it? What if that goal was a crown and a whole kingdom? What would you do? Would your actions be worth it in the end if you did something that could potentially ruin your life, or even end it? Sometimes our ambitions make us act recklessly in order to achieve our goal. And in the end the results could be disastrous. As the song from the Rolling Stones says, “you can’t always get what you want,” and that is what Mary Stuart, Queen of Scotland learned the hard way when she fought for the English throne, and in the end, lost her life.
Mary Stuart was born on December 7, 1542 to King James V of Scotland and Mary of Guise1 She was the only living child of King James V, so she became the heir to the throne, and then Queen shortly after her birth, when her father died. As the granddaughter of Margaret Tudor, sister to Henry Tudor VIII King of England, she was next in line for the English throne. Because of her ties to the throne of England, she was often pushed to become the Queen of both Scotland and England.
This led to a rebellion in Scotland because Protestants believed that the marriage of Mary to Lord Darnley would bring Catholicism back to Scotland and England because their claim to the English throne was stronger. The rebellion was led by Mary’s half-brother James Stuart, but was defeated by Mary. This

########
Rank: 20
Score: 45.168026
Retrieved Text: Paige is the girl next door. She seems to have the perfect life with a great high school experience, great friends, and even a good relationship with her family. Her life is what most people would call perfect. No enemies, no big drama, life is good. But what she really wants is to be an actress. When she auditions for a major movie and somehow gets a lead part she can’t believe it. She expects that at any time they’ll realize they made a mistake and she’ll lose the job.
Instead she keeps the job. She gets yelled at by the director all the time. She’s being mentioned in tabloids. Her friendships with her best friends back home are falling apart. Things aren’t easy as she does not feel like a big time actress.
She’s trying to take her acting career seriously but Rainer isn’t making it easy for her. As much as she wants to lay low and not cause headlines Rainer doesn’t seem to care. He is used to the attention and likes it. When they find out the third main member of their cast is Jordan, someone Rainer has history with. Paige can’t get a good read on Jordan but something draws her even while his attitude pushes her away. Rainer does everything he can to put his claim on Paige even though she isn’t ready for that.
So in this we have a love triangle of course. But it’s one between two guys who used to be friends before one believed betrayal. It’s also one

########
Rank: 21
Score: 44.986504
Retrieved Text: Mrs. Mary Todd Lincoln’s adoption update is the kind of pure happiness that makes you want to keep striving to Save Them All. Her story is one to look back on when times are tough, because it is a reminder that there really is a family out there for every pet. Even surly-faced bulldog mixes who have a reputation for not liking men.
When she entered Best Friends–New York’s adoption program, Minnie was her name. And she was a tough customer. She had been known to put on a most impressive show of barking whenever she met a new person who happened to be male. Months of training, patience, support and love led up to the day that changed her life. That was the day she got adopted — by two men. She’d finally overcome her fears enough to open the door to a new life, and a new home.
That was back in June of 2016, and her family recently sent the following update that’s just too good not to share.
"Luke Hogan here, one of Mary Todd Lincoln's (Minnie's) dads.
"I've been meaning to send you this update all holiday season long, but early January is the best I could muster! I thought you guys might appreciate some pictures of Mary Todd enjoying her new life. We can't believe we've only had her for seven months! From her first, ecstatic moments in our home, it was clear that she was a member of our family. The bonding was immediate and strong.
"Attached, you will find pictures of Miss Mary

########
Rank: 22
Score: 44.9686
Retrieved Text: Renee Lard never wanted to have children of her own. She was always the one caring for family members, from a sister who was born with a form of cancer to members of her extended family.
“I just always had a spirit of helping,” she said.
That spirit was just what was needed when her 14-year-old cousin, who we’ll call Karen, was removed from her home two and a half years ago and, after a time in a group home, came to live with Renee, under SaintA supervised Kinship Care.
“I remembered as a little girl how much fun I had with Renee and with younger cousins and godchildren,” Karen said. So she agreed to move in. But things were far from easy for either her or Renee.
The two have this interesting relationship, and Karen is quick to add that they don’t really argue, rather they discuss. She is now a very intelligent and articulate 17-year-old, who admits she is a big talker. She goes round and round, and usually ends up telling everything in great detail, from A to Z.
She has tried to teach Karen, she said, that she needs to look at herself as a product, that she has to put good things in so that people who interact with her will want to get the good things back out. She has a very strong personal faith and tells Karen she needs to trust in God that things will go smoothly.
Karen knows she has grown a lot in her time with Renee.
“I was a very bad hothead,

########
Rank: 23
Score: 44.923233
Retrieved Text: But yet again, I wouldn’t agree to that “on my life” (not literally). Elementary school was always the hardest. Oh, sure, until third grade or so, nobody stopped teasing you if you were best friends with a boy, but in fourth and fifth grade, they really let the rockets on you. Not to mention that Arianna had stopped being best friends with Harrison in first grade. But that is not my story to tell. Not yet.
My story were the popularity ladders. The discrimination. The control. The people that were so full of hate to one another, that every word they spoke dripped with red, thick, syrupy loathing. And, finally: the ones that tried so hard to let each other down. You can tell me what you want, but middle school wasn’t like that. Girls just cared about their bodies and getting skinny, while boys just cared about winning their sport’s championships.
Third grade was my best year. Or so they said. My school had unknowingly developed a complex system of “points” and popularity ladders. It wasn’t official; it wasn’t the complete deal, but everyone knew it existed. Everyone knew that’s how it worked. The lower kids, the ones who weren’t good at being pretty, stylish, or what-else, could get messed with. The upper kids, the “good” ones, couldn’t get messed with. If you were on top, you usually stayed there. If you were on the bottom, you always stayed there. If you were in the middle, nobody really touched you, looked at you, or anything, and your

########
Rank: 24
Score: 44.87316
Retrieved Text: A Bad Case of Stripes (Spanish) - Audiobook | Listen Instantly!
Camilla Cream loves lima beans, but she never eats them. Why? Because the other kids in her school don’t like them. And Camilla Cream is very, very worried about what other people might think of her. In fact, she’s so worried that she's about to break out in … a bad case of stripes! Download and start listening now!
" David Shannon is a great little author and illustrator. My children (well, and myself as well!) love his books! Camilla loves lima beans but won't eat them because her friends don't like them. Cute lesson learned about just being yourself, regardless of others. "
" Pictures in this one lovely and explosively imaginative story. I loved it. "
" lol I thought this bookd was so funny. read it waay back in 4th grade "
" One of my favorite David Shannon stories. No good for public storytime, but I would definitely read this to kids in a smaller setting. "
" My daughter and I loved this book when she was younger, and we still do. After reading it, she decided that she liked lima beans! LOL "
" PB 50: A very cute story about being different. Love the illustrations! :) "
" This was my favorite childrens book as a kid. It teaches you to not give in to peer pressure and not worry what other people think of you. "
" This book is about a girl whose skin changes colors and patterns because she changes something unique about herself.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 44.861973
Retrieved Text: About the Book: Lacey Anne Byers has always been a good girl. She's grown up in the church, followed the rules, and she's never questioned anything. Lacey is excited to try out for a lead role in her church's Hell House production. When Ty Davis moves to town, Lacey befriends him. He's smart, funny, and Lacey likes him-a lot. Lacey can talk to Ty about her faith, something her friends have never discussed much. Ty asks questions that Lacey has never asked and she begins to doubt if everything is as black and white, right and wrong as she once believed.
Sarah Teenlibrarian Says: I have been a longtime fan of Melissa Walker's and I think that Small Town Sinners is Melissa's standout book. She writes a story about faith, first love, and searching in a wonderfully realistic way.
As a Christian myself, I'm often hesitant to read portrayals of faith and Christians in fiction. Christian fiction is too corny and unrealistic to me whereas secular fiction often portrays Christian's as crazy nut jobs. Small Town Sinners does neither. The story is non-judgmental and it's up to the readers to answer their own questions and decide what they think. While the adults aren't always the best and they do things that I didn't agree with, no one was over the top, and I found this to be more realistic.
Instead of taking one side or another, Small Town Sinners has a wonderful balance. Hell House's aren't shown in a way that's extreme good or extreme bad. I'm personally not

########
Rank: 26
Score: 44.845695
Retrieved Text: This was as convincing as it was heartbreaking and haunting. Add to that the fact that everybody around Mary has decided that she's not allowed to be a Young Widow anymore, and is fixing her up with blind dates from hell. Susan Sematov is proud of her son, Raz, a high school pitcher so athletically talented that he's being recruited for a full-ride scholarship to a Division I college, with a future in major league baseball. So of course, it's a case of mistaken identity and of course here's the suspension of disbelief part she decides to solve the case herself! A stunning new tale filled with witty dialogue, vibrant characters, and breakneck pacing, in which true-life history reinforces Scottoline's hallmark themes of justice and family. That genealogy tie in, with my own interest in my family's genealogy, was enlightening.
Mary is a lawyer who takes on the estate of Amadeo Brandalini. But when Mary DiNunzio gets a phone call from a man threatening to kill her, she instantly regrets being alone in the office at 10 o'clock at night. Very interesting story, depth of characters, plenty of action, drama, intensity, fast-paced, climax building, with a little humor thrown in now and again. Our heroine is once again Mary - surprising, since I figured she'd get run over by a bus between novels. She's too busy to worry about the crank phone calls she's been getting, until they fall into a sinister pattern. An Italian immigrant, his name was Amadeo Brandolini and he died in 1942.
I enjoyed

########
Rank: 27
Score: 44.736572
Retrieved Text: Any life can be described as a journey; perhaps it’s even cliched to say that. But the title of a new book by a woman who grew up in Fermanagh gives some indication of what a difficult journey it has been for Mary Lynch.
“The Long Road Home” is due to be launched this week-end, and it makes intriguing reading.
In the very first chapter, describing a New Year visit to her parents’ home in Fermanagh, Mary recounts “... in my heart, I had found a peace that I knew would travel with me wherever I was to journey for the rest of my time on this earth; a peace that I had been seeking for nearly forty years...” And so unfolds a deeply personal tale of a child of the Troubles.
There is a political context to the story. Mary was born in 1959 near Lisnaskea into a Republican family; her sister Ruth is currently a Fermanagh Sinn Fein Councillor and her brother Sean was shot while on an IRA mission with Seamus McElwaine in the 1980s.
There will be those who will dismiss this book straight away because of that, and of course it should be seen in that context.
But they should read it with an open mind because this book makes a contribution in understanding the depths to which our Troubles went in touching many lives.
While Mary’s experiences as a girl in her early teens involve a British soldier holding a gun to her head in a raid on her home, this could be essentially any story

########
Rank: 28
Score: 44.718395
Retrieved Text: Ellie Rocca was convinced the murders were connected, but how? Detective Sam Kinali had taken the lead on the case, and politely but firmly told Ellie not to get involved. But that was easier said than done, especially since Ellie and her friends know the killer won’t be uncovered until they found out who was buried in Emma’s Garden.
Summer in Mt. Abrams was heaven for kids. The beach up at the lake wasn’t terribly big, so most kids spent the day jumping off the dock and swimming out to the large wooden floats off shore. What beach there was had happy toddlers running all over it, with a corner carved out for the sun-worshipping teen girls. There was sailing on the other side by the boathouse and fishing every morning in canoes and rowboats. Lake Abrams wasn’t big—barely one hundred and seventy acres—but it was large enough that the swimmers and the sailors and the fishermen never seemed to crowd each other too much.
Of course, adults liked the lake too. In the summer, the clubhouse was open until eleven, and on its wide screened-in porches, mahjong and martinis reigned. Behind the clubhouse, on a slight rise, ancient maples provided shade that kept picnic tables and wooden chairs cool and comfortable, even in the humid New Jersey summers. Yes, it was practically perfect.
But that was Mt. Abrams for you. Practically perfect.
Small communities were like that, or at least that’s what the residents all said. Mt. Abrams had all sorts of things going on behind closed doors, the

########
Rank: 29
Score: 44.683987
Retrieved Text: Can you watch dvds on an xbox one?
What is the order of the marvel movies that i should watch them in?
so as recently as last year i became a marvel fan and i only saw a couple of marvel movies and i want to see them all but in order and i want to watch them in time order and not by the year they came out in so does anybody know the timeline order of the movies i should watch them in.
I know i have been saying alot but i mean it i really hate everybody?
i really hate everybody including my parents.everybody treats me like garbage and i hate everybody that exists on this planet and i wish i was never born. i really hate everybody i know ive said it in a couple questions on here but i mean it i really do hate everybody.
I really hate everybody still they are ******* idiots?
again at school today people were passing by me but way too close and i was trying to go around this group of three guys in the halls and they kept cutting me off and blocking my path past them.also ones of them pushed the other one and they almost bumped into me and knocked me down. i really hate people i really cant stand them anymore. everybody just pisses me off and annoys me and i hate people so much. i cant stand people anymore i hate every single f***ing person. i dont want to marry anyone at all and have

================



======= Instance Index 1276 =========
Input Text: James bought two cats for emma during her chemo.  They cheared her up.  But the chemo wasn't working as well as it was supposed to, and Emma felt that they had come to something.  What did she feel they had come to?
Choose the most suitable option to answer the above question.
Options:
- find a friend
- excrete
- have cancer
- cross roads
- drink water

Target Text: cross roads

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 53.22472
Retrieved Text: go here Well it has been another crazy week in the life of Emma! Dr. Abromowitch and Dr. Sindelar both felt it would be good for Emma to try and do a couple of weeks of intense therapy at Madonna Rehabilitation Hospital in Lincoln this summer to try and improve some of her motor skills. We had been working on trying to get something set up for almost a month now. Madonna was trying to get enough information to support an inpatient stay. Om Monday afternoon about 4:00, Madonna called and said they had an opening for a 14 day inpatient stay starting today for Emma and that our insurance had approved it. So, of course we said we would be there. Needless to say we spent most of the night Monday trying to get things arranged for Aiden and packed since we had chemo all day on Tuesday.
We checked in to Madonna Wednesday at 1:00. We spent the afternoon talking with several nurses and doctors and getting settled in and orientated to the hospital. We start with evaluations bright and early Thursday morning. Emma will have occupational therapy, physical therapy and speech therapy evaluations tomorrow, Once the evaluations are done, she will have PT, OT and speech therapy a few times a day each day while we are here. Our doctors tell us this is the best place we can take her here in Nebraska, so we are hoping that this intense program will help her to make some more gains. These next two weeks

########
Rank: 1
Score: 51.38645
Retrieved Text: prednisone 10 mg dosepak EmmaStrong had the privilege of presenting a donation to Team Jack for their work towards bringing a Pediatric Neuro Oncologist to Omaha, Nebraska.
http://publicsafetymediatraining.com/?x=order-viagra-canada It seams hard to believe it has been almost three months since we wrote the last post on here. I guess time got away from us! We have been busy with work, school, appointments and just enjoying time together. But here it is, time to go back to Boston for scans again. It doesn’t possibly seem like we should be gearing up to go back to do our next 3 month scans, but it seems time has flown by and here we are getting ready to head to Boston next week.
http://acuherbal.com/?x=usa-viagra-pills-sales A look at all the kids and some of the celebrities joined in the battle against pediatric brain cancer.
The last three months have gone by quickly and things for the most part have been good for Emma. She of course had to throw a few little episodes of worrying us in there, but for the most part has been healthy and felt pretty good. After our stable scans in January, we headed home and got ready to start Emma’s next round of chemo. Emma had a pretty rough time handling the oral meds on cycle 6 and we saw some of the worst nausea and vomiting from the chemo that we have seen since starting this treatment. It took Emma three days following treatment to finally feel well enough to go back to school, and even then she

########
Rank: 2
Score: 49.038486
Retrieved Text: http://thefoolishobsession.com/category/brand/banrock-station/ Amazingly it has been four days since we last posted. I can’t believe how much faster time flies when you aren’t stuck in the same room all day. Thanks to our own corporate angel we safely arrived home on Thursday night to a pretty excited group of grandparents and our son. The flight was almost perfect again thanks to our talented pilots. The information that we were desperately looking for came right before we got on the plane in Boston.
The Neuro Oncologist called with a ton of information for us to digest. The pathology of the tumor was back and confirmed that the tumor was what the doctors thought it would be a Pilomyxoid Astrocytoma. With this discovery came a lot of more information: the tumor was found to not be cancerous, it is not usually life threatening, it is a tumor that doesn’t morph into other types, and is a tumor that should be able to be controlled with chemotherapy, and if it is eliminated it doesn’t usually come back. On the more negative side we found out that the tumor is one that is not usually eliminated by chemotherapy.
We haven’t actually had any discussions with the oncologists from Omaha so we don’t exactly know the course of action, but the oncologist from Boston share with us what he thought the plan of action should be. He said that with this type of tumor it is common for doctors to use a combination of two different drugs through a port that will be placed

########
Rank: 3
Score: 47.324986
Retrieved Text: The biopsy confirmed it. Emma began chemotherapy and we were told that she would need 6 cycles to be given every 3 weeks. After 3 cycles she would have an operation to remove the tumour, Emma's tumour was 12 inches long. They had told Emma that they may have to amputate her leg, but if they could, they would perform a leg salvage operation. This involved taking out her femur bone and replacing it with a custom made titanium prosthesis.
After 3 sessions of chemo Emma was seriously ill, her kidneys and heart had been affected. At this point there was a doubt that she would be able to have the operation. A few days before the operation she some how fought back. To everyone's surprise the day before the admission date at the specialist hospital we were able to bring her home for the night before leaving for her to have the operation.
Still smiling we met the consultant who would perform the operation. Emma signed the consent form, but put down that if they had to take her leg off they would have to wake her up to tell her. She couldn't bare to wake up not knowing if it was gone. We were told Emma would be in for three weeks. The operation went well according to the surgeon and she kept her leg. Two weeks later Emma walked into our local hospital, with a huge beaming smile. It was the first time she had walked aided by crutches for over 3 months.
Although weak from

########
Rank: 4
Score: 47.23835
Retrieved Text: In June 2003 Emma feel while trying to walk, the next day she was diagnosed with pseudoarthrosis of the tibia, the local doctor told us we were looking at years of surgeries and amputation by time she was 8. Well we started seeing a specialist 2 hours away. She had healing and we were going to go into a KAFO after the next 6 weeks, this was a really bad cast experience with it taking 6 of us to hold a 2 year old down, so when we went back the leg was broke again. So we did the first surgery, they did rodding, iliad crest bone graft and BMP.
She started in a brace in jan, and the end of Jan the rod had slipped and we planned on redoing surgery, that weekend she was walking across the hardwood floor came down on her leg and broke the femur, the surgery got moved up and luckily she only had to spend a week in the spica cast.
So begining of Feb they did the same surgery as before but they pinned the rod in place. The next several years had healing, bone growth, several minor tweeks, like pin pulled out and the fibula pin pulled out. My only real regret during this time is we stopped her from being a kid and doing stuff with other kids.
Then in June 2007 (June is a BAD month in our house), Emma had a buckle fracture, (only her 2nd actual fracture) Emma was also diagnosed with multiple brain tumors from

########
Rank: 5
Score: 46.982956
Retrieved Text: On Thursday, I stopped by my doctor’s office to visit my friend Pam during her chemo treatment. OK we weren’t exactly friends before Thursday-we had one phone conversation, exchanged a couple of emails, and I read her blog religiously. I thought chemo would be a good opportunity to meet her so I swung by for a short visit, which turned into an hour and a half. Now we are officially friends. When I walked in, the receptionist pointed me towards her and she immediately recognized me from my photos. She introduced me to her new friend Missy-also getting chemo for breast cancer. The 3 of us chatted non-stop for the entire time. I could have stayed a few more hours but I had to pick the kids up from school. And their treatments were ending. We talked about the usual stuff that 3 women in there 30s normally talk about-breast expansions, chemo and medication side effects, bald heads. We have so much in common that goes way beyond the fact that we are close in age and raising young kids in suburbs of Detroit. I am pretty certain that if we met under other circumstances we would have hit it off, but cancer connects us in a way that nothing else does.
Tonight I got emails from both of them and it sounds like they are doing ok during their post chemo time. Missy’s cocktail doesn’t include Adriamycin so she had a bit more energy after her first treatment. In fact, she’s doing the Race for the

########
Rank: 6
Score: 45.10084
Retrieved Text: The end of treatment bell is the goal that everyone at Children with Cancer UK works towards, however, the fundraising, research and treatment are steps that drive a child to this moment.
Back in 2013, eight year old Emma was diagnosed with rhabdomyosarcoma – a soft tissue sarcoma. Soft tissue sarcomas account for 7% of childhood cancers.
Following a nine-hour operation to remove the tumour and a three day chemo course, Emma and her family flew to Oklahoma for Proton Beam Therapy – courtesy of the NHS.
During their time in Oklahoma, they saw lots of patients ringing a bell after finishing their treatment. They couldn’t wait for Emma’s turn. Finally, after her last dose of Proton Beam Therapy, it was Emma’s turn to ring end of treatment bell.
Back in Britain, Emma’s family looked forward to the day when she would finish chemotherapy. They showed the bell to the nurses who agreed it was a fantastic idea. So a bell was made in time for Emma’s last chemo and she was the first to ring it at Manchester.
Since then, the bell has been rung by thousands of patients and now has it’s own facebook page!
End of treatment bells for all hospitals.
Emma is now three and a half years out of treatment and doing well. She loves school, dancing, singing and drawing.
In the meantime, Mum Tracey has been raising money to provide End of Treatment Bells for hospitals throughout Britain – so everyone can feel the joy of ringing The End of Treatment Bell. She does this through the Maria

########
Rank: 7
Score: 44.942917
Retrieved Text: |_ Lucy chemo hats and wraps.
|_ Agatha pleated flower chemo hat.
|_ Asia knotted band chemo hat.
|_ Caroline buckle chemo hats.
|_ Chloe bamboo hat for cancer.
|_ Emma ruched chemo hat.
|_ Iris bamboo ruched cancer hat.
|_ Katie classic chemo beanie hats.
|_ Retro style hats for cancer.
|_ Rosalie bamboo chemo turban.
|_ Victoria hat for chemo with bow.
Product description: This retro style fully lined chemo hat is made from 95% cotton 5% lycra jersey, it features all round pleating with a soft gathered flower detail, perfect headwear for all year round.
Information: This chemo hat is just one of the many items of chemo headwear and hats for cancer patients in the huge range that we have at Annabandana, all of our products are designed to cover hairloss caused by chemotherapy and radiation treatment for cancer and other conditions such as alopecia. We try to use soft and breathable fabrics such as cotton and bamboo as much as possible for comfort and most of our products are made in the UK. If you cannot find what you are looking for or need advice on any of our products please contact us and we will help you.
This product was added to our catalog on Monday 21 September, 2015.
Highly delighted. I bought three different types. All fit well and all well made. Thank you.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 44.88284
Retrieved Text: MBOMBELA – A terminally ill woman put the fulfilment of her bucket list on hold following immense backlash by the community.
This follows after Lowvelder recently reported what was meant to be a heart-warming story of Carmen Brown’s last months on Earth.
She was diagnosed with stage three breast cancer in 2014. After chemo, radiation and a mastectomy, she was in remission for six months. At her six-month check-up they found cancer cells under her arm and in her lymph nodes. This prompted three more rounds of chemo and another operation in October 2018.
With weekly draining of fluids, a nurse accidentally punctured her lung, resulting in her being admitted to a local government hospital with a collapsed lung. Carmen was there for two weeks to recover.
In February, they informed her that the cancer cells were getting bigger, more aggressive and were now stage four.
The doctor told her that the cancer had spread to her back, chest, arm and bones and told her that there was nothing more they can do except offer more chemo for pain relief.
Carmen is an amazingly strong and inspiring woman, a single mother of a bright young son (15), working up to three jobs providing for him and putting herself last, resulting in not having a medical aid before she was diagnosed with cancer,” said her friend, Sarah Carmichael who created Carmen’s bucket list, “before she becomes an angel herself”.
A strong negative reaction by a large number of people followed and Lowvelder, as well as Carmen herself, got flak from far and wide. The

########
Rank: 9
Score: 44.45246
Retrieved Text: Home »	Patient Stories »	Emma F.
As with all of her children, it was when Linda Ferrell saw the first image of her tiny daughter that it felt like she was really hers.
Ten-month-old Emma joined a seven-year-old sister, also from China, plus two older brothers, Linda and husband David’s biological children. Life was good as Emma excelled in school, played softball, and was growing up. Then in the spring of 2014 she got sick. There were headaches. She lost her voice. She lost 10 percent of her body weight. Her pediatrician kept insisting it was a virus.
“That went on almost a month,” Emma’s mom said. When Emma was finally admitted to the hospital, an MRI showed a brain tumor encasing her entire left ventricle and making its way toward the right.
“You immediately think of the future—a future possibly without her,” Linda said. “But that is so brief. We’re a family that wants to find solutions, and we’re not going to waste our time crying. We were going to find out how to help her. She didn’t deserve anything less than that.” Emma’s doctors didn’t mention proton therapy, but Linda did research online and discovered it as a treatment option particularly ideal for pediatric patients. Unlike conventional radiation, protons deposit their energy directly at a tumor target, sparing much of the surrounding, healthy tissue, which is especially important for a growing, developing brain.
Originally planning to travel to Seattle, Linda called Provision CARES Proton Therapy Knoxville and spoke with Dr. Matt Ladra about Emma’s tumor, which she described as relatively

########
Rank: 10
Score: 44.43228
Retrieved Text: Lindsay is a friend of KAB, who found a lump in her own breast at age 33. She was diagnosed with Invasive Ductal Carcinoma, ER+, PR+, and HER2+ breast cancer on October 11, 2016. Follow her blog about her story, Lindsay Caught the Cancer exclusively on the KAB Blog. If you'd like to support her, you can show the love here, and download our Check Yourself app for free to know your normal.
Friday was chemo round four (of six). Every year boyfriend Manny dresses up as “Manny Clause.” This year he wore his big red Santa suit and went to the hospital early so he could decorate the room for me and my fellow chemo buddies. I was expecting him to walk in the room and say something slightly sac-chemo-religious like, “Welp, I see you were all on the naughty list this year!” but instead he played it safe and brought candy and Del taco— which, by the way, if you have cancer and constipation, try a side of DT’s refried beans with a sprinkle of onions on top— works wonders every time!
While receiving seven bags of drugs through the robot port installed in your chest gives you a fairly comfortable high for a good two days, it eventually wears off. And then chemo quickly becomes no walk in the park. It’s been tricky and tough navigating the effects because they’ve been different with every round. (Each round consists of a chemo session and three weeks recovery.) The first three days of round one I was

########
Rank: 11
Score: 44.24254
Retrieved Text: Last week, Emily faced her roughest week of chemo yet. There are a lot of reasons for that. One of the primary reasons is because there was no room in the pediatric cancer center (where she always has been), so they put her on an adult floor. Not having her regular nurses that know her and having different procedures and routines helped make it a more difficult round. Also, the amount of fluids they pour into her causes her to need to use the bathroom very regularly – about every 2 hours. But now, it isn’t easy to get to the bathroom with her new knee/bone.
She lost ten pounds during this past chemo week. It isn’t the most she’s lost in a week, but it is one of the larger weeks.
The good news is, although the chemo round was more difficult, the recovery has been quicker. Last time, she felt sick for a week and hardly did anything. But four days into her recovery week and she feels pretty good and has been active and willing to eat.
Emily has about two weeks at home for recovery until her next round of chemo starts on April 24. Until then, she goes to the hospital 3 to 4 times a week for therapy, appointments, and blood draws. This week, she has gone Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday and Friday. Next week will be similar.
We are thankful that she has recovered from this last chemo round more quickly.
We are thankful that she didn’t throw up during the chemo round (although she’s

########
Rank: 12
Score: 43.969753
Retrieved Text: Today is my Mom’s last day of chemo. She should be getting her infusion right now, as I’m typing this.
She ended up in the hospital again over the weekend. And Dad sat with her there for the three days. And he’s taken off work the last several days, to stay with her at home and monitor her IV. To make sure she could make it to this chemo session today.
After this, radiation. And regular testing. But – hopefully – no more chemo.
This year has been a tough one health wise for me and mine, which you can probably figure out from my other entries. Two of the big-big ones are cancer.
My mother has breast cancer, and is currently finishing her third out of four months of chemo . And my friend Jay, upon finishing six months of chemo for colon cancer, was told that he had a new tumor in his liver. It would require surgery and then another six months of very harsh chemo (as if any chemo isn’t harsh). Not good odds.
The day I found that out, I just started crying. Sitting in my cubicle at work. I kept cycling through fear of losing Jay, and not wanting to tell my mom. Who, I knew, would ask. And who, I knew, would be able to hear the lie in my voice.
I lied. She figured it out. If not right then, over the next several weeks. And Jay… well, I’m sure you can guess how those weeks felt for him. He documented the whole experience.
But

########
Rank: 13
Score: 43.96518
Retrieved Text: Rowan is the three year old daughter of Scott and Mandy Price, and the little sister of Emory. Rowan was diagnosed with AML M7 on Friday, October 5, 2018. AML M7 is an aggressive and rare form of leukemia for children. Chemotherapy treatments will begin almost immediately. This road of treatments will be extremely long, and will likely include a bone marrow transplant.
Scott, her father, has dedicated his life to working with special needs kids as a Special Education teacher in a local elementary school.
Mandy, Rowan’s mom, is a RN at the Veteran’s Hospital in Salem, VA.
Rowan’s parents spend their days helping others, and it’s time we help them!
Anything that you give will help with hospital costs, treatment plans, missed days from work, and all the other monetary costs that come with fighting childhood cancer.
Let’s show the Price family that we are all ROWAN STRONG!
Scott, Mandy, and Rowan relocated to Durham, NC to begin Rowan's stem cell transplant on January 2, 2019. Rowan was admitted to the Duke Pediatric Bone and Marrow Transplant (PBMT) unit on January 21, 2019 where she and her parents, Scott and Mandy, spent 51 long and arduous days and nights. Rowan went through another round of chemotherapy and total body irradiation during her stay at Duke to prepare her body for her stem cell transplant. Rowan and her parents have endured the unspeakable. Blood and Marrow Transplants are difficult to explain and difficult to go through. Rowan's little body was depleted of everything so that she could receive brand new cells

########
Rank: 14
Score: 43.721058
Retrieved Text: Read the story of Kerry, without her this project wouldn’t be happening. She is an inspiration to WINK and to the cancer community.
When I was 20, my mother got diagnosed with breast cancer. I remember feeling scared but not truly understanding the severity of the disease. Less than one year later she had it return in her other breast, resulting in a mastectomy. I was living in Alberta at the time and had to come back and forth with Momma during her battles. In 1998, I left the father of my two angels and moved back here to Newfoundland to raise them. In 2001, Momma was diagnosed with uterine cancer and had to have yet again another major surgery. Even though cancer was rampant in my mother's family, I truly believed that I would never get it. In 2014, I looked after an elderly woman in Petty Harbour with metastatic breast cancer at home until she passed. One month after that my Momma's baby sister, Angela, was diagnosed with lung and spine cancer with an unknown primary. She was so sick they never bothered to check but we all knew it was breast. That June my Mother was diagnosed for the fourth time with beast cancer and it has since metastasized and she is now terminal with bone cancer.
Throughout all this craziness I missed my screening. I was at yoga on the beach one sunny day in August 2015 when it felt like my breast was going to break open the skin was so tight. I

########
Rank: 15
Score: 43.685577
Retrieved Text: It seems like it has been forever since I (Tim) updated this blog last November. It feels like we're living in a different world.
Shoshana's trach tube came out last September, but there was still a hole in her neck leading to her trachea. It was supposed to close up on its own, but I think she had gotten into the habit of pushing air (and whatnot) through the hole, so it seemed whenever she breathed hard, or coughed, or got upset, it would gurgle a little bit.
Since it wasn't closing all the way on its own, they finally stitched it shut. I think that was in March. Anyway, it's gone now. All that's left is a little scar at the bottom of her neck.
Shoshana's care is so insanely simple now! Her only pain medication is Gabapentin (twice a day, for neuropathic pain), and she is still on Maintenance chemo, which means she takes a pill or two each weeknight in order to keep her immune system suppressed within a certain range of lab-based values. She also has a 5-day course of steroids once every month. Two days a week she takes and antibiotic in order to prevent lung infections that kids in her situation are prone to.
Yes, that probably sounds like a lot to most of you, but from our perspective, this is a cake walk.
Shoshana is scheduled to be done with Maintenance in December. After that, she gets no more chemo! This is both amazingly awesome, and nerve-wrackingly scary for me. There either is or

########
Rank: 16
Score: 43.49859
Retrieved Text: Suri (M971) is a 61 year old female from Indonesia. Her family came to seek our help on 8 May 2011. She was wheeled into out centre being unable to walk on her own. She was unable to talk, showed no facial expression and did not seem to know what was going. According to her husband, she behaved like a child. Listen to her husband telling us his wife’s story of tragedy.
Suri was diagnosed with non-small cell lung cancer in 2008.
She had 22 times of radiation treatments in Singapore. No chemo was done. She was given the oral drug, Iressa. She took it for about a year. Her tongue became numb and so she gave it up. The doctor then gave her Tarceva. She was on this drug for about two years.
1 cycle of chemo divided into 3 injections, done once a week for 6 months. That means a total of 18 injections.
1 cycle of chemo every 2 weeks for 6 months. That means a total of 12 injections.
1 cycle of chemo every month for 6 months. That means 6 injections.
1 cycle of chemo every 2 months for a total of 3 injections.
1 cycle of chemo every 3 months. She received only 1 injection.
In total she received 40 chemo injections.
Three months after all these treatments, MRI showed one additional tumour appeared in her brain.
Her husband said, “We knew that chemo did not work for her. We decided to seek the help of CA Care. Please try and help us. Now the oncologist prescribed this drug, Sutent.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 43.40995
Retrieved Text: I am new to this forum and have been visiting this discussion forum for a few months now since my mom was diagnosed in March.
My mom, age 64, was diagnosed with Stage 2A, 2.4 cm, Grade 3, apparently no nodes involved and has not spread anywhere in the body w/ TNBC.
All doctors say that it's treatable and curable. they kept saying over and over when we met the oncologist, surgeon, radiation people etc.
They did explain that on the pet scan or MRI, the tumor was deep and at first was concerned that it was touching a muscle. Luckily enough, we got results back right away and the cancer was not touching anything. I couldn't sleep for days and I was worried all the time. My mom on the other hand.....WOW....it's amazing the strength she has and she has had not 1 DAY where she let this cancer get to her mentality. She, RIGHT FROM THE BEGINNING, said that she will beat this. Her mother (my grandmother, passed away on Christmas day in 1983 from breast cancer, 3 months before I was born), and her niece is a TNBC survivor (diagnosed in 2006, 10 year survivor now this year so she's good), she has 4 other sisters and none have been diagnosed.
She completed her 4 AC chemotherapy and she is now on Taxol. she has about 5 more treatments before her surgery in Sept. She goes for a BRCA testing in early August, doctor's believe she strongly believe she is negative and they are going to do

########
Rank: 18
Score: 43.252827
Retrieved Text: I was diagnosed with ovarian cancer in June 2013. I’d had pain around my ovaries for a few months and went to the doctor in May. After an ultrasound it was concluded that I had dermoid cysts, which were thought to be benign, on both ovaries. I had a laparoscopy a few weeks later to remove the cysts. My gynaecologist explained to me after my laparoscopy that he didn’t remove any cysts as he found growths on and around my ovaries. He booked me in with a surgeon for the next morning and a week later I had a full hysterectomy.
The two days following my hysterectomy, my blood levels were so low I needed a blood transfusion. On the third day, it was discovered I had internal bleeding and that night I went back into theatre.
Three weeks after surgery, my biopsy results were finally in. My surgeon explained that my cancer was extremely rare. The tumours were extensive and had spread right up to my navel. The good news was the majority of it was classified as ‘low malignant potential’ but two of the tumours were malignant and as a result I would begin chemo two weeks later.
Everyone deals with traumatic experiences differently, and for me, I couldn’t walk this journey alone. I had amazing support from friends and family. From the day I came home from hospital until my last chemo four months later, I didn’t cook a meal. I was very open with my network of friends and family and text them regular updates

########
Rank: 19
Score: 42.946228
Retrieved Text: One of the many Logan River Academy students took several classes from one specific LRA teacher who started out with long brown hair with a touch of white. Over time, the student watched as things began to change for this teacher. One day she noticed that the teacher showed up to work with a new hairdo, only to discover it was a wig. The teacher had shaved her head. The student also watched as the teacher ate a snack between classes so that she would not vomit, as she was going through chemo treatments. The student then watched as her teacher struggled with her thoughts as she battled chemo brain and the fatigue from radiation. The student then turned to her teacher for ideas for a service project. The student knew she wanted to do something for the Cancer Center and who would be better to learn from but that teacher. The student, along with several girls, later went with her teacher to the Intermountain-Huntsman Cancer Center in Logan to deliver the blankets they had made for the patients to help them stay warm during their chemo treatments. The teacher’s appreciation for the student grew stronger as she watched her (and the other girls) show kindness and care to others going through similar experiences in battling cancer. It was a special experience for everyone involved.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 42.578682
Retrieved Text: anyone expierence constipation and stomah bloating during and after chemo for abvd chemo?
The chemicals are pretty tough on the digestive tract. Drink lots of water. If you use artificial sweeteners, use those with sugar alcohols in them (sorbitol, mannitol, erythritol, maltitol, etc.) as they concentrate water in the colon and ease constipation. Be ready, though!
My daughter is having that issue as well. The doctor told her to take miralax. I also been giving her some fiber pills. It took a couple days but definitely helped.
A stool softener is harmless and recommended. As Po noted, drinking a huge amount of water is necessary and helpful. Many people on combination chemo eat so little also that they reduce the normal bowel function.
But it can cause cramping. 100% natiural, though.
I used Miralax almost every evening for a year, and used Miralax along with Senna on the day before and day of my treatments. Both helped a lot.
The miralax worked great the constipation improved a lot, but i cant seem to figure this i am not sure if it bloatong or what. but right below my belly button always seem to pop out way more then usually and i am trying to figure out if it is bloating still or something with the instestines does anyone know if abvd chemo has anything to do with bloating or anything that could cause the intestines to swell?
I get what I call 'chemo belly' for a week after ABVD chemo sometimes longer. Basically it's a really sour feeling stomach, never nauseous, sometimes with

########
Rank: 21
Score: 42.477722
Retrieved Text: generic for levitra This week has tested our endurance as a family, and by that I am also including our extended families. Emma has had blood count issues combined with her continued cough and lung issues and because of that the doctors haven’t allowed Emma to go back to daycare or school. This of course means putting the puzzle together of who can watch Emma on what days. On Thursday we were also informed that the doctors are concerned enough about Emma’s need to be on steroids in order to limit the lung issues that they have told us that one of the drugs CCNU is at times linked to lung failure. Because of this Emma has to have CT scan with contrast to check on the health of her lungs. If these test results come back poorly they will no longer be able to allow Emma to take the drug that as far as last scans are concerned seems to be working. This also means that we would again possibly be looking for another chemo treatment.
comprare levitra senza ricetta Roma There are obvious are concerns that come with this, but we feel fairly good about this being a virus of some sort because we haven’t been able to kick this cough for weeks either. If healthy adults can’t beat the bug how can you expect a young girl with a compromised immune system to clear it. We will head into the doctor around 10:30 and may not find anything out until Tuesday. We do hope

########
Rank: 22
Score: 42.44332
Retrieved Text: Yesterday (Thursday) we got the results back from her full body CT and they confirmed that she has only 1 tumour. This means that she is in stage 1. This is excellent news and an answer to many prayers. Although this means that it is considered a low-risk, she will still be receiving 48 weeks of chemo. These run in 3 week cycles. She was hospitalized last night for hydration and will receive her chemo this morning. She will spend a couple days in hospital. Then she will visit the hospital once a week (for 2 weeks) to get her chemo injected directly into her port. This is considered outpatient chemo. At the end of week 12, they will rescan and reassess her to see if they will take a surgical route or if she will require radiation.
We came home after our appointment and waited for confirmation that they had a bed available. We then headed back around 9pm to settle her down for the night. We figured that if she was tired it might go a little easier. Dave was staying with her but we brought her blanket, puppy dog and pillow anyways and set it up. Cheyenne had different ideas and headed out of the room and down the hall yelling “I’m going home, I’m not staying here”. The nurses assured us she wasn’t the first to try and escape.
By the time I had got there this morning, Cheyenne had found her groove. First washroom trip and she was telling me how to arrange

########
Rank: 23
Score: 42.409836
Retrieved Text: Lancaster – Quilts line the walls in the Raymond S. Wilkes Gallery for the Visual Arts on the Ohio University Lancaster Campus. The display is in honor of Women's History Month. The quilts represent women's history and the history of each woman who is associated with each quilt.
"We've got some gorgeous quilts in here. A lot of them were made by grandmothers and great-grandmothers and each of them comes with a story," said Lancaster Campus Development Director Mandi Custer. "Every quilt has a story."
Custer has a quilt on display in the gallery. The quilt is filled with pink squares and was made for her by friends and supporters during one of the most difficult times of her life.
"The blocks were put together by volunteers at the Decorative Arts Center of Ohio. I worked at the Decorative Arts Center from 2004 to 2009. When I was diagnosed with breast cancer, they knew I was going to go through chemo and when you go through chemo you get cold," said Custer. "The quilt represents the amazing support that I got through my cancer journey. Support is 80 percent of the battle and then the doctors and medicine are the other 20 percent in my opinion. This represents all of the wonderful people who were there for me every step of the way."
Custer said the quilt is one of her prize possession. It normally is displayed on the wall at her home. Custer took it with her to the hospital when she was battling cancer.
"I took it with me

########
Rank: 24
Score: 42.323875
Retrieved Text: My sister, Cheryl was an outstanding educator. When we were four little girls deciding on what games to occupy us, she always wanted to play school. Of course, she was the teacher. The smallest of the four. The bossiest. The mouth.
She never deviated from her earliest dream of becoming an educator. Elementary School Teacher. High School Guidance Counselor. Director of Alternative Education. Elementary School Principal. Central Office Administrator.
In preparation to achieve her highest ambition, Superintendent of Schools, she enrolled in the University of Illinois-Urbana’s Education, Policy, Organization and Leadership doctoral program. She commuted to Urbana on weekends to complete her coursework after putting in a full week as principal. She submitted a research proposal and was granted permission to complete her dissertation in January 2004.
During 2004 she received the Frederick A. Rogers award for outstanding academic and professional accomplishments. The merit-based award supports doctoral candidates in the UIUC College of Education who are working full time as teachers or administrators with underserved students in an urban environment.
Sitting in a hospital bed, attached to intravenous drips and with nurses popping in to administer pain medications, Cheryl began dictating. Her first chapter set out the questions she hoped to answer during the study as well as how the answers would benefit elementary school principals engaged in desegregation efforts around the country. Once the chapter was reviewed and edited, she emailed it to her dissertation advisor. He returned it to her with his comments and his approval to continue.
During her previous three years of coursework, she’d compiled over two

########
Rank: 25
Score: 42.269844
Retrieved Text: WINSTED, MN  McKay Fiecke of Winsted is a happy, playful 10-month-old little girl who enjoys being around people.
Even with her recent surgery, which diagnosed a malignant germ cell tumor found in her uterus, and the chemotherapy treatments she is currently undergoing, McKay remains cheerful and very outgoing.
Her parents, Jessica Gutzmann and Ryan Fiecke of Winsted, who are both 2004 Lester Prairie graduates, have had a “rough” time these last few months dealing with their baby’s health issues, but say it’s McKay’s attitude that has made the situation easier for them.
A benefit to support McKay’s parents and help with medical expenses is being planned by the Winsted Lions Club for Sunday, May 22.
The Lions will host a pancake breakfast and silent auction at Holy Trinity School cafeteria from 9 a.m. to 1 p.m.
Gutzmann and Fiecke first noticed something was wrong with McKay at the end of January, when they discovered there was some blood in her diaper.
McKay’s parents continued to take her back to the doctors, and after several more ultrasounds were done without finding anything, the couple decided to get a second opinion.
Only about 2.4 children in one million develop this type of tumor each year. Germ cell tumors account for about 4 percent of all cancers in children and adolescents under the age of 20, according to the Boston Children’s Hospital website.
Germ cell tumors can be malignant (cancerous) or non-malignant (non-cancerous) tumors composed primarily of germ cells. Most ovarian tumors and testicular tumors are of germ cell origin.
On April 1, doctors made a small

########
Rank: 26
Score: 42.250217
Retrieved Text: In February 2016, after a long battle for a diagnosis, the Cornell family finally got their answer. Their two-year-old daughter, Cora had Metachromatic Leukodystrophy (MLD), a rare and normally fatal disease.
The only established treatment for MLD is a stem cell transplant and clinical trials that will help improve the results of those transplants. As their only viable option, the Cornells enrolled Cora in a phase 1 clinical trial at Duke University.
Shortly after Cora woke up from a pre-transplant surgery, which included the placement of her central line and an appendectomy as well as other procedures, one of Duke’s Child Life Specialists gave Cora a Chemo Duck. Confused and in pain, she grabbed Chemo Duck, snuggling him tightly.
It was in that moment that Cora and Chemo Duck became friends for life.
Cora spent the whole next day happily playing the doctor to Chemo Duck’s patient. She pretended to remove his appendix with scissors and place his chest tube. Since then, Cora’s Chemo Duck doctor play has consistently been the best way she has to make sense of what’s happening to her and to exert some small measure of control over her life.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 42.215954
Retrieved Text: Unfortunately, Charlie will have to take Isabella’s place again next week. Our doctors have suggested that since Isabella did not have any severe reactions during this last cycle and that her neurological symptoms have not gotten noticeably worse, that it would be worth another shot for chemo. After this round, we’ll do another MRI and see what’s going on in there. After that, we still have no idea what’s next, but we do know that we can’t do this high dose chemo forever.
But Isabella still has another day of school left for her to enjoy before having to go through the chemo again.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 42.1874
Retrieved Text: By jeiland, July 20, 2007 in INTRODUCE YOURSELF!
My name is Jenifer and my motehr was diagnosed with SCLC that went to the liver. She is 59 years young. I live in Washington and she is in Texas. I just came home from helping her while she was in the hospital and afterwards, her lung collapsed. I have so many emotions right now and the main ones are anger and fear. Why my mother and I hate the companies for making cigerettes. I hope there will be a cure someday, and that the tobacco industry will be out of business.
I don't blame you for being mad. Get that anger out so you have the energy to help Mom through this. Has she started treatment yet? As you can see from my husbands profile, he's been through 15 months of treatment. He's been down and then back up again. There are SCLC survivors on this site. Please try and have faith and know that we all know what you're going through.
Thank you for your prayers. Ever since I found out about my dad my two biggest emotions have also been fear and anger. I also have a lot of anger towards tobacco companies.
You and your mother are in my thoughts and prayers.
Welcome to the boards, although I am so sorry that you need to be here Please know you have come to a wonderful place of hope. There are so many people here who HAVE made it through.
Stay strong and know we are thinking of you!
Hello Jennifer, and

########
Rank: 29
Score: 42.138348
Retrieved Text: Interests - Colouring, drawing, playing board games, Nintendo DS, watching Spongebob, Disney (HSM, Hannah Montana, I-carly), cutting and sticking and glittering, reading (loves the Fairy book collection and Junie B Jones books!) and writing, playing with dolls and teddies, Hello Kitty, pop music (like Justin Bieber, JLS, Keisha etc and would love to receive mixed pop cds like this if anyone wants to make her one!), likes Nanny McPhee, Mamma Mia, A Little Princess movies.
Lauryn was diagnosed with Acute Lymphoblastic Leukaemia in July 2008, 3 weeks after her baby sister was born and 3 days after her 5th birthday. She was placed on the highest regimen of chemotherapy, as she has been deemed as high risk of relapse, based on bone marrow tests.
Lauryn has coped remarkably well with the chemo and has remained a happy, bubbly, little girl, with a smile on her face throughout, even at her worst. She has endured many infections with the chemo and has been hospitalised countless times.
She is currently being treated for Aspergillus fungal infection, which is a serious infection that makes lesions on the lungs. She also has it in her foot bone which has rendered her unable to walk for many weeks. Under physiotherapy and treatment, she is regaining mobility, but will be treated with an intense course of anti-fungals for a minimum 6 weeks in hospital until the infection clears.
Lauryn is a loving child with a cheerful disposition who would absolutely love to receive post!
I think the time has come that we allow other children to have

================



======= Instance Index 4926 =========
Input Text: Sam was a short distance runner. He couldn't do long distances.  What might happen if he tried long distances?
Choose the most suitable option to answer the above question.
Options:
- gain ground
- trip over
- get tired
- enter marathon
- go to sleeping

Target Text: get tired

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 53.07709
Retrieved Text: The golden short distance runner Mohammed Aman gives his nation the second gold in the Moscow World Championships men 800 meters race.
The whole race was breath taking; it was very close to call who would win the game.
Yet at last, after the scintillating scenes that appeared Mohammed was losing the race, it all came to him as he sprinted forward with all the force and muscle he has in reserve.
In deed the race shows Ethiopia can do it in the short runs as it has done in the long distance runs.
There is no better proof to this other than this golden boy Mohammed Aman who frequently wins 800 meters.
He brings the spirit of Haile Gebresilase and Kenenisa Bekele to the short distance run race.
He is a new model in the Ethiopian athletics history particularly in the short run distances that Ethiopia hasn’t been popular for quite some time.
Now it is changing as Mohammed Aman illustrates that it is possible for Ethiopia to put in golden performance in the short distances runs too.
Ethiopia celebrates his victory as colorfully as it rejoices the triumph of Tirunesh Dibaba in 10,000 meter race.
Ethiopia’s Mohammed Aman, center, reacts as he wins gold ahead of United States’ Nick Symmonds, fourth from right, and Djibouti’s Ayanleh Souleiman, left, in the men’s 800-meter final at the World Athletics Championships in the Luzhniki stadium in Moscow, Russia, Tuesday, Aug. 13, 2013.
Mohammed Aman Geleto is an Ethiopian middle distance runner. Born in Asella, he won consecutive 800 m titles at the 2009 and 2011 African Junior

########
Rank: 1
Score: 47.683144
Retrieved Text: I actually pilfered the title from a short blurb in Triathlete about Kate Major’s decision to do some short races close to her home in Queensland. She said the races were a good opportunity to race close to home, but there was also a very quick mention that she was using the races to prepare for her upcoming Ironman. While this got only a passing note, I think that perhaps more attention ought to have been paid to this decision. Of course, I’m also likely biased, since I want to believe that my own decision is a good one. I’m still always surprised that people actually read what I write here, but given that it seems to happen, I thought I might share the reasoning behind the race schedule I have posted. “Why on earth are there five Olympic-distance races on that schedule?” you may be asking. Or you may be thinking, “he really is a glutton for punishment!” As for the latter, that probably is a fair assessment, but then again, I think it’s probably true of just about every triathlete. So let’s instead focus on answering the former question. Why exactly are half of my races set to be Olympic distance races, a distance that is quite far removed from that where I seem to have found the most success recently.
For part of the answer, let’s hop into our wayback machine and journey back to the good ole days of triathlon, the late 80’s and early 90’s. Anyone who’s old enough to have worn

########
Rank: 2
Score: 46.998207
Retrieved Text: Why Do Women Still Run Shorter Distances in Cross Country?
Not too long ago, the thought of women running was enough to give everyone the vapors. But trail blazers like Babe Didrickson, Doris Brown, Bobbi Gibbs showed the world that not only could women run, they could run pretty fast and pretty far while keeping their uteri intact. We may laugh now about the sheer absurdity of these misconceptions, but there are still instances where women run shorter distances than men. This is particularly the case when it comes cross country racing at all levels.
It seems unlikely that members of the NCAA, USATF or IAAF think women are less capable. Women compete in the same distances as men in all types of major national and international running competition aside from cross country on the track, roads, and trails. If that is the case, why are women running shorter distances than men in cross country?
Before we get to why women run shorter races for cross country than men, we need a little context.
What are the races in which men and women run different distances?
If you’ve heard about the issue of race distance and gender inequality recently, it’s likely been in the context of U.S. high school cross country. By the 2016 season all but 2 states had equal race distances for boys and girls cross country.
But this problem is hardly confined to high school. On Monday, the World Mountain Running Association (WMRA) announced that going forward, women will run 10k like the men instead of 7k.
In a similar

########
Rank: 3
Score: 46.657017
Retrieved Text: 5K runners have an advantage in longer races.
3 What Workouts Can Make You Run Faster?
Sprinters and distance athletes are both types of runners. But all runners are not equally equipped for the same events. A sprinter trains for short distances that rely on power and speed. In contrast, a 5K runner needs greater endurance. In spite of these differences a sprinter can likely complete a 5K run but will benefit from specific endurance training.
If your goal is simply to finish a 5K race then you should be able to meet this goal as a sprinter. Noted running coach Hal Higdon writes on his website that, "Individuals who possess a reasonably good level of fitness... could probably go out and run 3 miles on very little training." Higdon warns however, that even a fit individual who has not trained for a 5K race will likely be sore afterward.
While a sprinter may be able to finish a 5K race he will be at a disadvantage compared to a distance runner. Brian Mackenzie, a British athletics coach, notes that a 100-meter sprinter's workout typically does not exceed 3,000 meters -- only 60 percent of the 5K distance. Even a beginner distance runner program, such as the one advocated by Higdon, will involve distance runs of three miles and timed runs lasting up to one hour.
A sprinter's muscle structure may also impact her performance in a 5K race. People have two types of muscle fibers: type I, or slow-twitch fibers, and type II, or fast-twitch fibers. Slow-twitch muscle fibers are

########
Rank: 4
Score: 46.100986
Retrieved Text: jog | drive-thrus are for lazy people.
Having trouble pushing yourself those extra few kilometers on your daily run? For me, most days I call it quits at about 5-6km. Not because I don’t think that I can run more, but more because I just “give up” and get tired. I know how hard it can be to push yourself when it seems easier to walk it out and just let your body do what it wants – but where can us so-called “short-distance” runners find the motivation we need to run those extra kilometers?
Here is my solution, or something that I know works. It’s called Destination Runs and it is exactly what it sounds like. I want to challenge anyone reading this that enjoys running to try one. The reason for doing a destination is to run more distance than you would on a normal day. Another reason is to prove to yourself that you can run that extra distance, without falling over of a heart attack. It’s worth trying, I promise.
The simplest way to do a destination run is map out your route, say a 7km set route from point A to B that I’m going to follow. You can do this using mapmyrun.ca. Then, get someone to drive in another car alongside to your end point. Leave one car there, and go back to the start point with your driver. Now, let the race begin!
The joy of this is that, it’s not over until you touch that car. You have no choice and I

########
Rank: 5
Score: 45.741383
Retrieved Text: Running is obsessed with numbers: distance run, elevation climbed or descended; minutes and seconds used up to complete X-event, age of runner, position finished – according to age-group, gender and whether one is or isn’t a professional or serious competitor. Chris, a friend who I run with, endorsed our coach for being ‘a numbers guy’. That is, Sam bases his training methods on sound, legitimate and well-tested training methods. Later in the training session, he talked about a different set of numbers: he gave an anecdote of fellow amateur athletes he trained with, who had thousands of followers on Instagram. Their Instagram success was greater than their athletic prowess.
It wasn’t always like this. The Olympics in the olden days had inconsistent distances for their running events. And, in the satire by the late and saintly John Clarke, The Games, the shambolic organising committee make the great faux pas of having a not-quite 100meters 100meter race. I swapped stories with Chris about how fellow runners have taken pride in achieving personal best times for 10km or half-marathon events when the tracks have been found out to be short of the correct distance. At such moments, the inexactitude is forgotten and provides the less-than-honest runner with a moment of satisfaction. Modern sports are characterised by a uniformity of performance space, an obsession with records and specialisation.
During a half-marathon a few years back, I overtook a runner and heard him complaining: ‘the signs are wrong. We’ve already done 13km.’ We had just passed the 12km mark. The funny thing

########
Rank: 6
Score: 45.18977
Retrieved Text: Tempo running is defined as running performed at 65 – 75% percent of one’s maximum speed. What is important on how to perform tempo is you want the last rep of your runs to be the same speed as the first runs. For example, if you are not able to complete 10 repetitions of 100 meters at an even speed, start with a shorter distance and improve that distance over a few weeks. You might also try slowing the overall speed down. To improve the quality of your tempo running monitor by hand timing your runs and making sure you are consistent with short breaks.
A wide range of people with varied ages and skills will be able to benefit from tempo for speed training. There are also many ways to perform tempo versus just the running version which you can see in the GPP (General Preparation Phase) download. Examples are pool tempo (see Project Jane download), bike tempo (bike workout download) and indoor matt running (basement tempo download).
75% of top speed is the upper limit, in the same conditions as your best time for the distance. Adjust the effort level to suit conditions - long grass, short grass, smooth, bumpy ground etc. It’s a preferred practice to do all tempo on grass if possible in flats not spikes – this means you adjust pace downwards.
Tempo aids in recovery and the ability to stay warm between reps and sets. It can have an indirect role in speed development by increasing the muscles’ ability to generate more heat.
Upper

########
Rank: 7
Score: 44.874332
Retrieved Text: "Don't call me missy, please." Eri looked at him and shook her head getting an idea. If he wanted her to lead the way, Emmet either didn't know how to get to the library or he didn't want her to sneak away from behind. Her idea was to run as fast as she could and take the long way so she could loose him, but he was also a very fast runner. "You like books? What kind? Also if the library bores you then why go along?" The brunette looked at Emmet before turning back towards the corridor leading to the Library. Eri shifted her books and put them in the satchel she normally wore over her shoulder. Now she could run if she so desired.
Eri took a few steps then looked back to see if he was following her. He was most likely faster than she was, but still she could run pretty fast and she was about to take off in the empty corridor. Hopefully he would get lost trying to follow her, but for her sake she would take the most direct path so she wouldn't get lost either.
"Hope you can keep up." Then she sprinted down the corridor and was approaching a left turn.
Emmett looked at her blankly, as if he just stopped working for a while. He was wondering what he should respond to her. She didn't like being called Missy, but he found it funny how she fed him reactions like that. "Why not? You are a Missy!" he laughed

########
Rank: 8
Score: 44.67307
Retrieved Text: November 2012. As the Seattle Marathon approaches -- my first attempt at the marathon distance -- I've been thinking a lot about my last race, the 2012 Capital City Half Marathon in Olympia, Washington. And that in turn, leads me to think about my first half marathon, the 2011 Black Diamond Half Marathon in Enumclaw, Washington. A lot to reflect on, and to learn from.
The best thing I can say about the Black Diamond race was that I finished. Granted, that's not a small thing for my first time at that distance. But I suffered. My longest training run prior had been about 11.75 miles, and I now know that I did not train enough. My training routine was also not very sophisticated. I ran about 4 times a week at different distances, with a longer run every Saturday, but I tried to run every run at an aggressive pace. By the time I got to race day I was (a) not acclimated to the distance, and (b) more worn out from training than I realized.
I also ran the race poorly. I was over-excited at the start, and went out too fast. Around mile 4 I realized that I had set myself an unsustainable pace, and I backed way off. I felt okay at the slower pace until mile 8, and then I really started to run out of gas. Miles 8 - 12 were an unpleasant grind, and the last mile just about did me in. The last mile is a loop around Deep Lake

########
Rank: 9
Score: 44.497864
Retrieved Text: Try to travel long distances by jumping from star to star and even the occasional rocket ship.
The original running man, StickMan Sam, is back in 'StickMan Sam in a Sticky Situation Part 10: Super Neon Runner'. In this episode Sam will need to run, jump, explore, and survive in this fun platformer!
Stonelegs can only move when he jumps. He jumps by smacking his club to the ground. Get him moving and get all of the coins on each level. If you get stuck click the Walkthrough text on the main menu.
Guide the balloon to the finish line while avoiding clouds and other obstacles.
Step onto a newly discovered planet and discover the mystery behind The Power in this challenging platform game. Coming soon: The Power walkthrough and world map.
Play this cool Tetris-like match 3 type puzzle game that uses triangles rather than blocks. Try to match 3 or more colored triangles and get a combo going. Keep the triangles from reaching the top.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 44.484116
Retrieved Text: Will Elite OCR Athletes Become Specialists?
OCR World Championships announced this week that the 2016 race would feature championship races for three different distances – short (3-5 miles), medium (8-10 miles), & long (12-15 miles). Years from now, that announcement could effectively mark the beginning of specialization in obstacle racing.
Furthermore, there seems to be an underlying assumption that those who excel at longer distances (Spartan championship, World’s Toughest Mudder, etc.) are considered to be the best of the best. An apt contrast is often made to track and field, in that no one seems to think that Usain Bolt has to win (or even participant in) the Boston Marathon to be considered one of the best runners. Tim Sinnett provides a fantastic analysis of the sport of OCR in which this is discussed in detail. When we look at the highest levels of any running sport, it is hard to be the best sprinter if you also have to be a good endurance, runner.
Second, 800 meters is always 800 meters, and there is never talk of elevation gain. OCR evolved more as a business than a sport and as such, there is no such standardization in OCR in which every single race is different. Third, obstacle racing requires a more expansive set of skills such as grip strength, climbing, agility, heavy carries, etc. To be a sprinter, you simply have to train to run fast. To be an endurance runner, you simply have to train to run for a long time.
So, will we ever see elite athletes

########
Rank: 11
Score: 44.453747
Retrieved Text: I'm really liking the new gym. The weather was kind of chilly on Friday, but I got there. I'm still working on developing the routine, but I will do that, too. Here's the recap.
I'm curious about your roadwork. How far do you run? Do you time the miles, and if so what do you shoot for?
Early on I tried 40 minute roadwork sessions, but I wasn't happy with my sparring endurance. Recently I've fallen into shorter more intense runs.
My roadwork varies a lot; that's how I keep interesting. I vary the duration of the roadwork sessions. I also vary the speed.
I don't really time the miles these days because I do the training somewhat unconventionally. For example, I will go fast for a while, then slow, then fast, then medium... Sometimes, I will stop and do some shadowboxing for a minute or two, and then continue on my way.
The idea is to keep myself from getting into a rut, a mindless routine. I get bored very easily, so I find the variety helps me a great deal.
In the past, I, too, tried to do regular long runs. While I still think longer roadwork has its place, I find that shorter and varied gives me better results than longer and same.
Like you, I have noticed the biggest difference in my endurance for sparring.
It's also important to remember the value of sport-specific training. Are you training to be a long-distance runner or a boxer? Perhaps you're training for both sports. For me, I used to be a distance

########
Rank: 12
Score: 44.21359
Retrieved Text: Your secret weapon for increasing distance, remaining pain free, and running faster races.
Have you ever finished a race and felt like your body and legs have nothing left?
Are you a runner who struggles to run more than 1 mile, or even 1 city block?
Using the run/walk method will allow you to reach new distances and finish stronger because your legs will not be exhausted by the end of your race. You will actually be able to enjoy your accomplishments!
What is the Run/Walk Method?
The run/walk method involves alternating intervals of running and walking, right from the start, and continuing for the entire run or race.
The most basic run/walk method is the 1:1 ratio, or, 1 minute running and 1 minute walking. The method can be tweaked depending on your running ability, or your distance/time goals.
Progress to a 2:1, 3:1, or 4:1 walk/run ratio!
For new runners, it’s completely normal to find running for a full minute too physically demanding. Start slow! Try 30 seconds running, and 90 seconds walking. The goal is to keep moving and over time gradually increase distance or time spent run/walking.
Human beings evolved as hunters & trackers, while moving great distances over time. This involved long periods of alternating between running and walking to wear down prey.
The body was not designed to run excessively long distances. However, by taking regular walking breaks, the muscles can recover and the body can continue to move forward without reaching exhaustion.
Running nonstop can quickly push the body past its limit. Most runners who do not take walk breaks,

########
Rank: 13
Score: 44.057278
Retrieved Text: Rain or shine, year after year, the SLO Roadrunners are ticking off their laps at SLO High School each Tuesday, Thursday and Sunday, like a never-ending song. The group shifts and morphs, as members move or change their life focus, as Cal Poly students come and go, but a core of stalwarts has been running with the Roadrunners for as long as 25 years. These diehards are dedicated to the sport of running, to the Roadrunners Club and to the structure of its coach, Roger Warnes.
Warnes, a Cal Poly physical education graduate, started the club in 1976 as a class offered through the SLO Recreation Department. When Warnes moved to New Zealand to coach and study the methods of the great coach Arthur Lydiard, the club was temporarily disbanded.
Warnes returned to the Central Coast in 1986 and resurrected the club, which has been in existence ever since. In the early years, workouts and fun runs were often staged at the newly-completed Laguna fitness trails, but SLO High School has been the “home” of the Roadrunners for many years now.
Over the years, as more triathletes began populating the club seeking help in running, they clamored for swim and bike coaching as well. Now swim training occurs at several sites and Warnes offers the same sort of critique and biomechanical correction for swimmers as he has long done for runners.
A group of club cyclists meets on Saturdays to train together at distances prescribed by Warnes for each athlete. The branching-out into triathlon has produced over 150 Ironman athletes

########
Rank: 14
Score: 43.81235
Retrieved Text: Fast and Light explores a tribe of sky and mountain runners who are motivated by pushing their limits in some of the world’s most extreme mountain environments.
The legendary Dragon’s Back Race™ follows the mountainous spine of Wales from Conwy Castle to Carreg Cennen Castle. This incredible 5-day journey is approximately 300 kilometres long with 16,000 metres of ascent across wild, trackless, remote and mountainous terrain. It is not a trail race.
Kyle Dietz is a former professional Mixed Martial Arts fighter, who felt there was nothing more to gain in fighting and turned his head to ultra running. The film follows Dietz as he trains in and around his home town in Iowa for the RUT 50k at Big Sky in Montana.
If you’re only the slightest into ultra running no doubt you will have heard of Anton Krupicka. Krupicka is an American ultra-runner who has won numerous long distance runs on trails and mountains and resides in Boulder, Colorado. After breaking his leg in 2011, Krupicka began to diversify his mountain endeavors. In addition to racing, he also started pursuing remote summits, long traverses, and ambitious link-ups in a single-push style that requires a unique combination of mountain running fitness and technical climbing competence. For half the year Krupicka is on the road, running and racing abroad or living in the back of his Chevy S-10 pickup truck “The Roost”, haunting the mountain ranges of the American West. In the video “The Ingenuous Choice”, we discover how Anton Krupicka experiences and explores mountain running and challenges himself

########
Rank: 15
Score: 43.58246
Retrieved Text: It’s a question we runners hear all the time. And for some masters runners, it’s a question that’s getting as old as the legs that carry us.
If Kincaid sounds paranoid, part of the blame falls on USATF, our sport’s governing body. On the same day that Sam and I shared a shuttle at the USATF Masters 5K Championship in Syracuse, N.Y., the USATF Masters Marathon Championship was being contested in Minneapolis, Minn.
Apparently, USATF believes that marathoners and 5K runners don’t mix.
The prize money for the races left no doubt as to which distance was favored: The 5K championship offered $9,000 in total prize money; the marathon had a purse of $55,000.
If you’re an elite masters runner trying to decide between the two races — and money and respect are two things you crave — there’s really no choice, right? … Not so fast.
In their book, The Runner’s Body, Ross Tucker and Jonathan Dugas note that a runner’s creatine kinase levels rise to 15 times what’s normal the day after a marathon (CK is an enzyme released into the bloodstream by damaged muscle cells). For a half marathon, CK levels double. After a 5K, they’re barely a blip on the radar screen.
At best, post-marathon muscle soreness temporarily curtails our daily training. At worst, a marathon increases our risk for debilitating injuries like pulled muscles, plantar fasciitis, tendinitis and stress fractures of the legs and hips.
So how does a masters runner choose?
And then there’s Sean Wade (age 44), last year’s USATF masters 5K champion. This year, he ran

########
Rank: 16
Score: 43.40118
Retrieved Text: Threshold Training | Get Going, Get Running!
Threshold training (often called tempo running) consists of running at your maximum aerobic output in a ‘steady state’. Because threshold training requires you to run at your maximum aerobic ‘steady state’ it is an excellent way to train for endurance running and races which require this type of running. It is also a great way to add variety to your workout and give you that ‘fast running’ feeling that is so easy to lose if you are constantly pushing out long distances. Here’s a link to my page about using threshold training to improve your distance running.
The term ‘threshold’ refers to the point where your body reaches its maximum aerobic output (energy derived from converting glycogen and oxygen). Beyond this point, any additional energy requirements must be met by your anaerobic metabolism (energy derived from converting glucose and glycogen without oxygen). As with most thresholds, there is a danger if you cross the line. If you work too hard you run the risk of too large a contribution of anaerobic metabolism to your energy supply, which leads to an accumulation of lactate and also rapid fatigue. It’s about control. And the best control is your heart rate monitor. You will need to do a physical test to determine your optimum heart rate, so make sure you’re fit and healthy before you embark on this. My page on threshold running has a couple of tests you can do to determine your threshold rate.
Doing repeats? Recovery breaks between repeats should either be

########
Rank: 17
Score: 42.246723
Retrieved Text: WHY SHOULD PEOPLE RIDE A BICYCLE FOR SHORT TRIP?
In today’s world you don’t have to look far to see an overweight or obese person around. They might be eating chips in front of television without any regular exercise right now. Australia is now ranked the 6th most obese country in the world, in which 21.7% of the population is considered obese.
Although cycling is not a common transport choice in Sydney, cycling as public transport has many benefits not only health reasons, but also protecting environment which is including sustainability and health motivations as travel mode. Cycling will save people having to spend money to fill up their car’s thus reducing the carbon footprint in Australia also.
Although using a car is reasonable for long distances, bicycling is a great way to move from one place to another for short distances. When it compare between car and bicycle, bicycle is better for health, saving money and decreasing pollution compared to using a car.
distances, riding bicycle help lower fuel consumption that can save people money.
walking and bicycle riding, both bicycles riding and walking is good for your health, saving money and helping the environment, but bicycle riding can reduce their trip time by a greater amount over walking.
According to research, when you compare between the three different modes of transport which is walking, bicycle riding and car for travel time verses distance travelled, indeed, bicycle is faster within 5km than car. That means bicycle is faster for short distance than car and any other transport.
In terms of traffic, using

########
Rank: 18
Score: 42.14796
Retrieved Text: We posted Kevin Helliker's article "Run a Mile instead of a Marathon" out of the Wall Street Journal a few weeks back, but I didn't have a chance to share my thoughts on it yet. Obviously as a shorter-distance runner and college miler, I really enjoy that the mile distance is becoming more popular again, especially for road races. It is extremely tough to find a race in the region that is "just a mile". In the entire state of Nebraska, there are probably just two races where adults regularly run the distance, and numerous other ones where parents run with their kids. In South Dakota, the only one I am familiar with is the St. Patty's Day Mile (although there could be others I don't know about).
As a fifteen year runner, the two questions I get the most often are: 1) Have you ran the Boston Marathon? and 2) What is your fastest mile? It seems like it does not matter where the individual lives or what their background is, but they can relate to the answers of those two questions. In the article I referenced above, I think the quote by Chris Pasko (3,000 meter runner in college) sums it up when he says "the only question people ask me is what my mile time was."
I don't know if I agree with what Mr. Helliker insinuates about the longer distances, but I do appreciate what Bring Back the Mile is trying to do. As a mile runner, I will take every opportunity to run

########
Rank: 19
Score: 42.09559
Retrieved Text: CANAL FULTON Runners crossed the finish line Saturday at St. Helena Heritage Park to the clang of bells and loud applause.
Some people ran for more than 7 hours to complete 50 miles, the longest race at The Get Lucky 50/50 Ultra. The inaugural event of the Race Brimstone series also included a 50K and 25K.
Todd Bogdaschewskyi, of Wilmington, sat on steps beside the Ohio & Erie Canal after a sixth place finish in the 50-mile race. The U.S. Marine Corps veteran began running about two years ago to lose weight and stay off drugs.
"I just had to get clean," he said.
Bogdaschewskyi, once 285 pounds and addicted to opioids, said he's only been addicted to running for the past two years. He said the memory of a longtime friend, who died at the age of 27, also motivates him to push his body to the limits.
Several runners said the race is a warm-up for even farther distances this year, which is what Canal Fulton race directors Eric Whittington and Jeremey Followay intended.
"Each race being different and unique in its own way and spread out far enough to where people can enjoy each race if they really wanted to do every one of them," Whittington said.
Whittington also directs the Eagle Up Ultra, a 24-hour endurance race in June. A U.S. Army veteran, he began running ultras five years ago as a kind of therapy while transitioning to civilian life.
"It was relaxing," he said. "It was calming."
Whittington said he wanted to create "good, quality races." For The Get Lucky

########
Rank: 20
Score: 42.072723
Retrieved Text: Steve Jones was born on 4 August 1955, and raised in Ebbw Vale, Wales. He began running cross-country as a 15-year old in 1970 and later became an aircraft technician in the Royal Air Force. Beginning as a steeplechaser for the RAF team, Jones progressed to the 5000m and then the 10,000m track events.
He experienced significant early success as a competitive runner, eventually winning the Welsh Cross Country Championships nine times. At the 1984 Chicago Marathon, his first time to complete the distance, Jones bested race favourites Rob de Castella and Carlos Lopes to win with a 2:08:05 world record.
He returned to Chicago the next year and won again, this time in 2:07:13, his career best marathon time. His time remained a British record for 33 years until Mo Farah bettered it in 2018. In the 1985 race he crossed the half marathon point in 61:43, still one of the fastest half marathon splits of all time.
Key to Steve’s training were long repeats run by time, not distance, on the track, leaving him flexible and free, prepared to respond to the competitive need of the moment or by sheer instinct. Brought up on the unpredictability of British cross-country, Jones never wore a watch, and even as a coach today he won’t allow his athletes to wear one.
Jones had a long career, spanning for approximately 25 years. During his peak he averaged 80-90 miles per week – not huge mileage for a runner of his calibre. Jones’ schedule was very simple and never changed too significantly. The

########
Rank: 21
Score: 41.963787
Retrieved Text: It is usually what units him aside. Think about Keflezighi, for instance, the winner of the New York Metropolis and Boston Marathons and a flexible athlete who like Cheserek received nationwide championships in cross-country and at 5,000 and 10,000 meters in school. Keflezighi has by no means damaged 4 minutes for the mile. Mo Farah, extensively thought of the world’s most versatile distance runner, has by no means run a mile quicker than three:56.
To make certain, Cheserek has loads of floor to make up within the longer distances earlier than he could be thought of world class in these occasions, the place even his finest instances are 43 seconds off the world document within the 5,000 and greater than two minutes behind the mark within the 10,000.
To be honest, Cheserek has but to have a whole and wholesome outside season as an expert. Haas mentioned he was sure an injury-free cycle of coaching that now included 100-plus mile weeks and quicker, longer runs as Cheserek headed into the spring and summer time have been going to provide vital breakthroughs on the distances Cheserek believes are his specialty.
A glimpse of the longer term might have occurred on the Manchester Highway Race in Connecticut on a frigid Thanksgiving morning final fall, when the runner often known as King Cheserek at Oregon set a course document. He ran the four.75-mile course in 21:16, beating Paul Chelimo, the 5,000-meter silver medalist on the 2016 Rio Olympics, and Andy Butchart, a British Olympian, by 30 seconds.
Precisely what nation he’ll symbolize is

########
Rank: 22
Score: 41.93333
Retrieved Text: Birds that migrate long distances have adapted to the world's changing climate in unexpected ways, a study shows.
As the planet warms, and spring arrives earlier in Europe, birds are being forced to change their migration patterns.
It had been thought that birds travelling long distances from Africa to Europe would be unable to adapt.
But a study in Science suggests they have evolved in response to climate change and are returning earlier.
The need for migratory birds to time their arrival at breeding grounds with plentiful food supplies is a known evolutionary pressure.
Scientists had assumed that birds travelling short distances would be better able to adapt - and arrive earlier for spring - because of similar climate conditions in their nearby winter grounds.
But researchers in Europe decided to test this theory, using long-term banding and observational data from Scandinavia and Italy dating back to 1980.
The study revealed that long-distance fliers have adjusted their migration habits to arrive earlier in northern Europe in time for the start of spring.
This suggests a more permanent change in migratory behaviour due to climate change than previously thought.
Study-co-author Nils Christian Stenseth, from the University of Oslo in Norway, said migration in the species studied was thought to be a biological response triggered by day length, and not climate variations, in breeding grounds.
"Long-migrating birds arrive at least as early as short-migrating birds," he told the BBC News website.
"The trigger is probably related to the length of day, or the photoperiod.
"Birds typically respond to the right photoperiod for bringing up as good offspring as possible."
The birds

########
Rank: 23
Score: 41.75228
Retrieved Text: The Road Less Travelled: "Are you a Bihari?"
said the old lady to the cab driver.
As we got out off the cab outside the entrance to Phoenix mills along the road leading to Elphinstone / Dadar, a mother - daughter / mother-in-law - daughter-in-law duo were awaiting a cab to haul their shopping home. The daughter(-in-law) asked the cab driver if he would go to Worli. When he refused, the mother(-in-law) sharply asked him if he was a Bihari.
Her statement was quite surprising and I wondered what his refusal had to do with "where he came from originally". Did she think that a Maharashtrian cab driver would take them to Worli where as a "North-Indian" wouldn't?
I guess I should have asked her if she was from Mumbai... I've never found a cab easily for short distances (Worli naka is 10-15 mins walking distance from Phoenix) much less for going in the opposite direction (again, w.r.t. Worli naka).
Or maybe I should look out only for Maharashtrian cab drivers in the future to take me wherever I want to go, after all, a sweet old lady did imply that a Maharashtrian cab driver ALWAYS takes you where you want to go!
As for the poor cab driver, he dodged the question, telling her that he couldn't take her anywhere because he had to "close shop" for the night in another 10 mins and he was heading to Parel.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 41.514935
Retrieved Text: The following is an excerpt from my new book, Wise Running: Thoughts on Running and Life, which is scheduled to be released in August 2013.
Going out for a run is good enough if your goal is to run. If your goal is to run over one mile quickly, however, there is a lot more to it. In the old days, they just worried about two things: speed and endurance. This, too, is oversimplified. The goal of this chapter is to give you an overview of what you really need to know in order to make informed decisions about training for any distance from a mile to a marathon.
Raw speed and power is just as it sounds. Go out to a track and run 50 or 100 meters as fast as you can. For this kind of running, you are in the anaerobic zone. Literally, you are not breathing enough oxygen to provide enough energy using the aerobic metabolism. Your body shifts into anaerobic metabolism. The pace at which this occurs is called the anaerobic threshold. While this requires less oxygen, it also requires a lot more fuel. You burn out quickly, so you can only do this for very short distances. Even so, raw speed and power workouts are an important part of the foundation for training for races at any distance from 400 meters to the marathon!
Training for raw speed and power takes repeats. Doing these sprints at distances from 100 meters up to 400 meters can build muscle and change your anaerobic threshold for

########
Rank: 25
Score: 41.32448
Retrieved Text: Optical fibers can be used to transmit light and, therefore, information over long distances. Fiber-based systems have largely replaced radio transmitter systems for the transmission of long-distance optical data. They are widely used for telephony, but also for Internet traffic, long-distance local area networks (LAN), cable TV (CATV) and, increasingly, also for shorter distances within buildings. In most cases, silica fibers are used, except for very short distances, where plastic optical fibers can be advantageous.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 41.310112
Retrieved Text: I ran across (pun intended) this article by TARA PARKER-POPE on the NYTimes about locating your running stride. I read the article as right now I am working on developing a new running stride as I have switched down to Brooks Pure Cadence running shoes as I move to a more minimalist footwear position.
What is a midfoot strike?
Have you managed to sustain your running routine?
Read the full article, find the link to the Well’s running tool and more on the NYTimes website.
In recent years, the focus in recreational running has not been on achieving faster times or longer distances. Instead, longtime athletes and newcomers alike have been searching for a training method that will keep them from being sidelined by injuries.
Try our running tool that helps you track your training.
And that quest has created a growth industry in sustainable running plans. One increasingly popular method is Chi Running, which combines the fundamentals of proper running form with the principles of the martial art tai chi. The emphasis is on posture, core strength, relaxed legs and mindfulness with every step.
The method was developed by Danny Dreyer, a running coach and ultramarathon runner from Asheville, N.C. Feeling the ravages of years of distance running, Mr. Dreyer said he was always trying to improve his running technique. After taking tai chi instruction, he began to form ideas about how to apply it to running, and in 2004 he incorporated them into a book that gained a devoted following.
Since then, he and his wife, Katherine Dreyer, have written numerous books

########
Rank: 27
Score: 41.172104
Retrieved Text: Onur Güntürkün left his native Turkey decades before he learned of whistled Turkish—a means of communication practiced in a remote region of the country. Güntürkün, a cognitive neuroscientist at Ruhr University Bochum in Germany, was on sabbatical in Australia a few years ago when a colleague there mentioned that he had visited these villages where whistling is used to converse over long distances. “From the first moment, it was clear to me this was what I needed to conduct critical experiments,” he says.
WHAT DO YOU WANT?: A whistled Turkish speaker demonstrates her technique.COURTESY OF ONUR GNTURKUNThey made friends with locals who helped recruit whistled-Turkish speakers for the study. Because the Güntürküns visited during Ramadan, the cafés in town made for quiet daytime places to conduct experiments. The setup they used is a tried-and-true method of assessing lateralization: through headphones each ear receives a different sound simultaneously (for example, bah in one ear and tah in the other), and the listener is asked to say which one he perceived. If the sound perceived came through the right ear, that would mean the left hemisphere dominated the sound processing, and vice versa.
One way to better assess what participants perceive, suggests Martin Meyer, is to play them longer segments of speech, say, phrases, and record brain activity with an electroencephalogram (EEG) recorder or fMRI. Güntürkün says he had to make do with a low-tech solution given Kusköy’s rugged terrain and remoteness. Such geographical features are typical of regions where whistled languages are often employed to communicate over long distances.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 41.073868
Retrieved Text: As a truck driver, it is possible for you to access Life insurance and Income Protection, whether you drive long or short distances.
As a long-haul driver applying for income protection, the insurance company may ask you for further information to understand your work on the roads. This could include the number years of experience you have as a truck driver; what qualifications you hold (for example, Heavy Vehicle License etc.); as well as the average distances you travel as part of your occupation and if you do overnight trips.
You may also be asked to provide information on any dangerous chemicals or materials that you are required to transport.
Although your options for income protection may be restricted slightly as a long haul driver, your options for life insurance, trauma and total and permanent disability cover are broader based on your occupation alone.
If you’re a short distance truck driver, there are still manual duties in this role that an insurer will consider when you apply, but your options based on your occupation are less restricted than a long-haul driver for income protection.
To speak with a qualified Lifebroker consultant today, call 13 54 33.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 41.03031
Retrieved Text: Relay race, also called Relay, a track-and-field sport consisting of a set number of stages (legs), usually four, each leg run by a different member of a team. The runner finishing one leg is usually required to pass on a baton to the next runner while both are running in a marked exchange zone.
In most relays, team members cover equal distances: Olympic events for both men and women are the 400-metre (4 × 100-metre) and 1,600-metre (4 × 400-metre) relays. Some non-Olympic relays are held at distances of 800 m, 3,200 m, and 6,000 m. In the less frequently run medley relays, however, the athletes cover different distances in a prescribed order—as in a sprint medley of 200, 200, 400, 800 metres or a distance medley of 1,200, 400, 800, 1,600 metres.
The relay method of racing was started in the United States about 1883. The original method was for the men running the second quarter of the course each to take over a small flag from the first man as he arrived, before departing on their own stage of the race, at the end of which they, in their turn, handed on their flags to the awaiting next runners. The flags, however, were considered cumbersome, and for a time it was sufficient for the outgoing runner to touch or be touched by his predecessor.
The baton, a hollow cylinder of wood or plastic, was introduced in 1893. It is carried by the runner and must be exchanged between lines drawn at right angles to the side of

================



======= Instance Index 2288 =========
Input Text: The hare traveled fast but got cocky, so though the tortoise traveled how it won the race?
Choose the most suitable option to answer the above question.
Options:
- low
- slowly
- slowly
- lightly
- behind

Target Text: slowly

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 53.01142
Retrieved Text: After the tortoise had won the race against the hare, the other animals began to consult him about improving their running speeds. They had not seen what happened during the race: half of them had been at the start, and the other half at the finishing tape. The first group had seen the hare dashing off into the distance, and the other group had seen the tortoise crawl across the finishing line, and the hare running up second. No one had actually seen the tortoise moving fast, but they came to believe, as the only explanation, that he must have gone into some sort of over-drive during the main part of the race, slowing down when he had passed the hare and was leading by a huge margin. As the animals had no watches, none of them knew just how long the race had taken.
No one listened to the hare’s story – a loser always has an excuse.
The tortoise, at first, used to deny that he had any special powers, but they said so often, ‘Oh, that’s your modesty’, that in the end he began to believe in them himself. His friends made him a Victory Medal, which he always wore round his neck. He became more and more confident, and then arrogant, and finally got himself into a situation where he more or less had to challenge the hare to a new match.
‘I’ve done it once, and I’ll do it again,’ he confided to his friends.
The day of the race came. When the hare crossed

########
Rank: 1
Score: 51.52813
Retrieved Text: Our local zoo is free during the winter. Since we had a 70+ degree winter day on Saturday, we decided to take the boy out to see how the animals are getting along. All I was looking to get out of it were a couple of hours of family fun. What I got was the crumbling of the pillars of my understanding of the animal kingdom. Apparently, everything I thought I knew about animals and zoos is based upon myth. Here is a small sampling of how my world got turned upside down.
This eagle is anything but bald. If his head were black, he would be the Fonzi of the bird world. I don’t know, maybe back before Rogaine he had a receding hair-line. But after a few visits to the Bosley Treatment Center, his wavy locks are back. Now the lady eagles can’t resist him, and with the way he’s got it goin’ on, the species is in far less danger of becoming extinct.
For your reference, this is a more accurate representation of bald and eagle. Bald – foreground. Eagle – background (lower right).
Everybody sing: "I want to know what bald is. I want you to show me."
We all know the respective reputations of the tortoise and the hare. Guess what? It’s all wrong. The tortoise did not win the race because the hare got cocky and lazy. The tortoise won because his speed was vastly under-rated and the hare was lazy long before he got cocky. In fact, I could find no evidence that

########
Rank: 2
Score: 50.3555
Retrieved Text: Once upon a time, in a field not too far from you, there was an energetic and happy hare and a sleepy tortoise.
The happy hare was called Noel and the sleepy tortoise was called Archibald. Archibald the tortoise liked to sit and munch his dinner slowly, whilst Noel the hare would gobble up his dinner and run round and round Archibald until he was dizzy.
“I am the fastest animal in the whole wide world,” said Noel. “I’m faster than a cheeky cheetah, a kicking kangaroo and a racing rabbit,” he boasted.
Archibald rolled his eyes and carried on munching on some tasty lettuce leaves.
“Oh you two do stop arguing,” said a blackbird as he flew past.
Noel the hare laughed his head off.
Wallace the wise old owl arranged the race for the next day. All the animals in the field put on their best clothes, groomed their fur, picked up a flag to wave and got ready to cheer the tortoise and the hare on.
“On your marks… Get set… Go!” Called Wallace… And the race was off!
Slowly, slowly Archibald the tortoise set off and quickly, quickly Noel the hare raced off and soon he was out of sight. In fact, he was so far ahead that, when he looked back, Archibald the tortoise was nowhere to be seen.
“Gosh,” Noel thought. “I’ve more or less won all ready! I think I’ll just have a little nap under this tree, it’s such a hot day”. Noel the hare was soon fast asleep.
All the noise woke Noel the hare up with

########
Rank: 3
Score: 45.497917
Retrieved Text: Read this folktale. Answer the questions.
One day a hare made fun of the short feet and slow pace of a tortoise, who replied, laughing: "Although you might be fast, I will beat you in a race." The hare agreed to a race, believing it would be impossible for the tortoise to win. On the day of the race, the two began side by side. The tortoise never stopped for a moment, but crawled with a slow, steady pace directly toward the finish line. The hare, sitting beside the course, fell fast asleep. At last waking up, and moving as fast as he could, he saw the tortoise on the other side of the finish line. He was resting comfortably.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 45.231796
Retrieved Text: I am often asked about how I work with stories and youth. Let me share with you one example.
You know the story right?
I tell an African version of it that I read in Tales of an Ashanti Father, by Peggy Appiah. When I tell I use certain Ashanti (Ghana) words, which I have learned from my friend Afro Moses (www.afromoses.com) and I play the djembe or mbira in parts.
Lion, king of the jungle noticed that many of his animals were being lost to hunters and other animal predators. He gathered his animals together and talked of the loss and how he believed that unity and cooperation between them could help the situation. He then asked the animals what they thought. Many animals agreed, many did not, in particular, Hare jumped up and stated that he is fine on his own, he is fast, a good hider and does not need all this nonsense.
Well, you can imagine the animal’s reaction to a comment like that? They shouted, yelled, got animated, noisy. In the end it was Tortoise who spoke up in favour of the king. Tortoise took his time and told Hare what a fool he is to believe speed is so important, to prove his point he offers to race against Hare – much to the humour of all animals present. The race time and track are set and all animals go home with mirth in their hearts and on their lips. How could Tortoise possibly do it?
You know the rest. Tortoise made a plan and

########
Rank: 5
Score: 45.159256
Retrieved Text: A HARE one day ridiculed the short feet and slow pace of the Tortoise, who replied, laughing: 'Though you be swift as the wind, I will beat you in a race.' The Hare, believing her assertion to be simply impossible, assented to the proposal; and they agreed that the Fox should choose the course and fix the goal. On the day appointed for the race the two started together. The Tortoise never for a moment stopped, but went on with a slow but steady pace straight to the end of the course. The Hare, lying down by the wayside, fell fast asleep. At last waking up, and moving as fast as he could, he saw the Tortoise had reached the goal, and was comfortably dozing after her fatigue.
George Fyler Townsend's translation of the fables, first published in 1867, is in the public domain and can be found at many websites, including Project Gutenberg. Illustrations come from: Aesop's Fables, by George Fyler Townsend, with illustrations by Harrison Weir, 1867, at Google Books.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 44.809082
Retrieved Text: Hare or Tortoise–Which One Are You?
I have a confession: I’m a tortoise. No, not a literal tortoise, a writer tortoise. My writing speed is…well…it’s slow.
When I see advertisements about helping writers “write fast,” I often take a pause. Me? Write fast? Well, I have nothing at all against writing at hare speed so long as the writing is well-done. However, I prefer to write slow. For me, writing is akin to eating a half-gallon of ice cream during a four-hour long, Oscar-winning movie. Both take time to enjoy.
I love playing around with words and phrases, taking things out and putting things in till I’m comfortable with how my writing sounds. Sometimes I do catch myself envying those who can write both fast and well, but if I write too fast, I feel that my writing is sloppy. This is just me, though.
Every writer is different, I’ve come to realize. Tolkien spent twelve years writing his trilogy, The Lord of the Rings (1937-1949). Other writers, such as Joyce Carol Oates, are super-prolific.
No, it’s not wrong to write fast as a hare, neither is it wrong to write tortoise speed. Each writer must write at the pace that he or she is most comfortable with. And even though I’m a literary tortoise…Hey! I’m enjoying the process!
Author JackPosted on November 13, 2018 November 13, 2018 Categories BlogTags fast writers, Fast writing, slow writers, slow writing6 Comments on Hare or Tortoise–Which One Are You?

########
Rank: 7
Score: 44.67195
Retrieved Text: Julie Sykes That's not fair, hare!
Kids will love this comically illustrated story! Everyone knows the fable called The Tortoise and the Hare, but this version of that old tale has surprises and laughs that aren't in the original. Greedy Hare challenges Muggs the turtle to a race—and the prize is Muggs's favorite food: cabbages. Muggs gives the race her best effort, but turtles can't go very fast under the best circumstances, and the crafty hare has a couple of sly tricks up his sleeve. It looks as though Greedy Hare is going to win, until Muggs shows that she's a clever turtle with a few tricks of her own. Funny, full-color illustrations on every page.
Julie Sykes taught elementary grades in England from 1987 until 1995, when she became a children's writer full time. Since then, whe has had several books published, one of which won the Nottinghamshire Book Award in the U.K., and another that won the Dutch Librarian's Association Book Award.
Tim Warnes is best known in Britain as illustrator of the popular Little Tiger books. He lives in Somerset, England, with his illustrator wife, Jane Chapman, and their new baby.
Preschool-Grade 3--As in other versions of this classic fable, Hare is confident about his speed and is certain of his victory in the race against a turtle. However, in this retelling, the winner gains rights to a field full of cabbages, and the spectators immediately sympathize with the kindly Muggs, whose initial suggestion to share was scorned by the greedy, rude hare. It is the turtle's

########
Rank: 8
Score: 44.20225
Retrieved Text: Maybe it’s more of an endurance race this time.
The original Tortoise And The Hare was a caution against over-confidence. That hare could easily have won, he just wanted to completely dominate, and in so doing, lost it all. But there are also lots of other races out there, and a smart athlete knows he can’t take a loss personally.
So we’re thinking that after the race, maybe Mr. Hare paid a little call on Mr. Tortoise to talk about a six day Baja endurance challenge. The kind of race where contestants from all over the globe gather to survive the kind of harsh climate a reptile might take for granted.
Yeah, on Day One, absolutely they’ll be in last place. But when everyone else stops for the night, that tortoise can just keep on going. He’s already proven it once, right? And with the hare taking little rapid-burst scouting missions to track the other racers and look at terrain, it’ll be easy for them to plot out the ideal places to strike.
And then, at the very end, when the other racers are exhausted, Mr. Hare can make a huge leap off his partner’s back and cross that finish line with a burst of rested-and-ready speed. It’s a sure thing, people. A sure thing.
Now, who wants to place a bet? It’s 8-1 right now, so it’s easy money, yeah? I shouldn’t even allow it, it’s like you’re robbing me!
Wear this shirt: for your first marathon! Also try not to get any spaghetti on it the night before.
Don’t wear this

########
Rank: 9
Score: 43.70199
Retrieved Text: Aesop has contributed to Aesop's Fables as an author. Though many modern scholars dispute his existence, Aesop's life was chronicled by first century Greek historians who wrote that Aesop, or Aethiop, was born into Greek slavery in 620 B.C. Freed because of his wit and wisdom, Aesop supposedly traveled throughout Greece and was employed at various times by the governments of Athens and Corinth. Some of Aesop's most recognized fables are The Tortoise and the Hare, The Fox and the Grapes, and The Ant and the Grasshopper. His simple but effective morals are widely used and illustrated for children.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 42.507687
Retrieved Text: The United Kingdom joins what will become the European Union. In the same year an unassuming board game called Hare and Tortoise is designed.
Hare and Tortoise is a racing game of carrot economics (the designer David Parlett’s term). Players enact both roles in Aesop’s tale, balancing long strides forward with tentative steps and even retreats. Carrots let you advance but the cost rockets with each additional space moved in a turn, making leaping ahead expensive indeed. The spaces on the track itself offer different mechanisms to replenish your carrot supply, from betting on your race position at the start of your next turn to taking hare cards that may improve or deplete your carrot reserves.
The race track of Hare and Tortoise with the 5 different space types.
Individually these may not seem all that exciting but combined they build so that each turn is a squirming puzzle over how far you can afford to travel and what you might get in return. Add in the requirement to drop off lettuces at a limited number of specific spaces, the ability to go backwards to earn large amounts of carrots, and the fact that you can never share a space with another player and suddenly what seems like a simple game of edging forward at a stately pace becomes tense; twitching and jittery like a rabbit with a caffeine addition.
And then there’s the final sting in the fluffy white tail: you can only finish with a small number of carrots in your hand. As the game draws to a

########
Rank: 11
Score: 41.068947
Retrieved Text: THE WOODS – It was only a short few hours ago when the Tortoise, tired of the Hare’s incessant ridicule, challenged his swift foe to a seemingly unwinnable race. As the other denizens of the woods debated on who would be victor of the race — the sedate Tortoise or the quick Hare — it was became all too clear that the true winners were those who profited off encouraging the race war.
As the Tortoise and Hare prepared for the race, both afraid of what losing would do not only to their own reputation, but to the confidence of those like them, the sly Fox was selling merchandise at the stand he had quickly assembled.
While there isn’t anything wrong with the Fox’s business instincts, it was clear he was feeding the flames. His shirts were of an antagonistic nature, with caricatures of the Tortoise over writing telling him to “go back to the pond” and shirts that encouraged “cutting off the feet” of the Hare.
As the race approached, the vitriol within the crowd – particularly between the other tortoises and hares – reached its peak, with several violent outbursts breaking out. Other woodland critters, such as the Raccoon and Badger, encouraged the fighting and seemed to take great joy in it. All the while, the Fox stayed at his stand, raking in the dough. Though, it became clear after some digging, that money wasn’t the only thing he was generating.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 41.015118
Retrieved Text: Most of you will know the story of the hare and the tortoise with the moral tag "slow and steady wins the race".
The race is $10$ km (kilometres) long.
The hare runs at $10$ times the speed of the tortoise.
The tortoise take $2$ hours and $30$ minutes to complete the race.
The hare arrives at the finish $30$ seconds after the tortoise.
For how long does the hare sleep?
Investigations. Speed and acceleration. Temperature. Length/distance. Working systematically. Area - squares and rectangles. Mass and weight. Clock. Time. Visualising.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 40.47472
Retrieved Text: A cunningly developed race game that won the very first prestigious 'Spiel des Jahres' award in 1979. Since its release, Hare and Tortoise has sold over 2 million copies worldwide and remains an entertaining and unique board game for the whole family to enjoy.
Regarded as the most ingenious race game ever devised, player's moves are not determined by the roll of a dice but rather the collection and consumption of carrots which fuel your progress towards the finish line. The twist is that you decide how far to move each go (depending on the number of carrot cards you have). Players can earn more carrots in various ways - most notably by moving backwards to designated squares (10 carrots per square).
Another consideration is that you must practically have used up all your carrots (all but 10 carrots or fewer) by the time you hit the finish line. You also have three lettuce cards you must spend during the course of the race. It's a very clever exercise in arithmetic which David Parlett (the designer) has fashioned into an entertaining and unique board game.
This game mechanic creates an interesting and dynamic race, usually with no clear winner until the very end.
Will you throw caution to the wind and race ahead like the hare or be more methodical in your approach and plod along like the tortoise?

########
Rank: 14
Score: 40.37824
Retrieved Text: We've all heard the story of the tortoise and the hare. In the end slow and steady wins out over fast and lazy. I've been reconsidering the meaning Aesop's story. Could the animals be representative of the introvert and extrovert?
The tortoise is slow in action. He has a simple plan- keep moving ahead. Like his movement, his thoughts seem slow, deep and grounded. In every way, he appears to be an introvert.
The hare is somewhat of a bully in words and actions. His fast moves and over-confidence lead to a mid-race nap and the eventual lose of the competition. He is certainly an extrovert.
I wonder- was Aesop an introvert? Was this story a way of explaining himself? I think it merits consideration -not deep consideration, but, more likely, the kind of consideration one gives to conversation over coffee. Them's my words today and I'm sticking with them. Let the race begin!

########
Rank: 15
Score: 39.93062
Retrieved Text: One day a hare saw a tortoise walking slowly along and began to laugh and mock him. The hare challenged the tortoise to a race and the tortoise accepted. They agreed on a route and started off the race. The hare shot ahead and ran briskly for some time. Then seeing that he was far ahead of the tortoise, he thought he’d sit under a tree for some time and relax before continuing the race.
He sat under the tree and soon fell asleep. The tortoise, plodding on, overtook him and finished the race. The hare woke up and realized that he had lost the race.
It’s a great song, and it feels great getting through it start-to-finish, but there’s no need to play through the whole thing to practice it- in fact, that actually slows the learning process for most people. It’s a better idea to cut it into short, repeatable phrases and practice each of these on their own. Working this way you’ll spend less time searching for how to get it right, because what you’ll be doing in the moment will be much easier. Plus, by removing a part of something that is awesome, you may have just found something that is also awesome on its own. Steal everything…um…I mean steal musical phrases from anywhere you find them. Watch out for Lars Ulrich, though. And his lawyers. Nasty.
Great practice time is time spent doing things (in rhythm, of course) that are in the right physical form and at the right tempo (speed) for you. “How

########
Rank: 16
Score: 39.875645
Retrieved Text: This year we have the longest possible timeline to prepare for Christmas with Thanksgiving falling on November 22nd. What will we do with all that extra time? Rather than four weekends to shop for presents, we have five weekends this year. Bonus!
Are You a Tortoise or a Hare?
Do you see yourself as the tortoise or the hare in this year’s race to get everything done before Christmas day? If you are the tortoise, you patiently pace yourself, making a point not to lose the essence for the real reason for the season. You want to savor each moment; even finding some time to embrace the spiritual side of the holiday season. Perhaps you might attend an Advent mission at your Church or read a good book about the season of Advent. Then, maybe you are more like the hare, rushing to scratch off everything on your massive to do list, because you cannot rest until everything is done. There are presents to buy and wrap; cookies to bake and deliver to friends, and parties to give and attend.
How Will You Run Your Race?
Whichever path you choose to approach the Christmas season, as either the tortoise or the hare, your path is indicative of how you approach anything in life. There are pros and cons to being either a tortoise or a hare. A person who takes the tortoise approach may be too lackadaisical about life and waste precious time given to us to accomplish God’s Will. Then again, a person adopting the tortoise approach takes the

########
Rank: 17
Score: 39.65686
Retrieved Text: Homepage » Early Years » Communication and Language and Literacy » Story Resources » Aesop's Fables » The Tortoise and The Hare » Activities Please …... The Tortoise and the Hare is an amazing fable multilingual, illustrated by Francisco Torres, with text and narrations that your kids will love. Two games are included, a Find card pairs game & Jigsaw puzzle, your kids will love it.
The tortoise smiled at the hare and replied, "Let us try a race. We shall run from here to the pond and the fox out yonder shall be the judge." The hare agreed and away they started together. True to his boasting the hare was out of sight in a moment. The tortoise jogged along with a slow, steady pace, straight towards end of the course. Full of sport, the hare first outran the tortoise, then... The Hare and The Tortoise Story in English One day, the hare began boasting about his legs yet again when he reached the pond of old tortoise. He took a drink and relaxed his legs on a large green rock.
The tortoise and the Hare Story Printable. Aesop S Fables The Tortoise And The Hare Story Printable Lovely Ylmak, Snow White Fairy Tale Dot To Dot Printable Worksheet Connect The The Tortoise And The Hare Story Printable Best Of Ukuaj, Short Story For Children 15 Moral Stories The Tortoise And The Hare Story Printable Best Of Jtodh, Alberta... Let us enjoy reading this story of The Hare and The Tortoise. Once, a hare saw a tortoise

########
Rank: 18
Score: 39.60251
Retrieved Text: Once upon a time, there was a young hare, a hotshot rabbit investor who would always brag to anyone that would listen and that he was the smartest, fastest, best performing investor in the world. He would constantly tease the old tortoise about his slow, solid investment style. Then, one day, the annoyed tortoise answered back: "There is no denying that you are very aggressive in your investment strategy. You take very high risks and get high returns. But even you can be beaten." The young hare squealed with laughter.
"Beaten? By whom? Surely not by you. I bet there's nobody in the world that can win against me, because I'm so good. If you think that you can beat me, why don't you try?" Provoked by such bragging, the tortoise accepted the challenge. Each of them put an equal amount of money into a new account and the race was on. The hare yawned sleepily as the meek tortoise trudged slowly off.
As might be expected, the tortoise invested in high quality blue chips, companies with household names. The hare, as anticipated, invested his money in dotcom stocks and options. You know the story. The aggressive hare jumped out to a big early lead. In a rising market, the highest risk stocks perform the best. This is called momentum investing. Money flows into the investments that are performing the best. The hare, having jumped out to such a large early lead, stopped paying attention to the market environment. Basically, he fell asleep. He thought to himself, "I'll

########
Rank: 19
Score: 39.596123
Retrieved Text: An old man had three sons. They always quarreled with one another. The old man tried in vain to improve their relations. At last the old man fell ill. He was nearly on his death bed. All the sons gathered round his bed. He asked them to bring a bundle of sticks. They obeyed him. He then asked them one by one to break the bundle. Every one of them tried his best but to no purpose. The old man smiled at their failure. He told to untie the bundle and break the sticks one by one. It was quite easy now. Even the youngest son broke the sticks easily. The old man called his sons nearer and said, “Union is Strength”. The words were very few but they had good effect upon them. They began to live in peace and happiness after his death.
Moral: i) Union is Strength.
ii) United you stand, divided you fall.
Moral: i) Look before you leap.
Once upon a time, two friends were passing through a jungle. One of them began to brag. He said that he was a sincere friend and was prepared to make any sacrifice for his friends. Suddenly a bear appeared there. The same friend was fied. He climbed up a tree to save his life. His friend lay down on the ground and held his breath. The bear came near him and smelt him all over. It thought that the man was dead. It went away. The friend came down the tree and asked his companion. “What did

########
Rank: 20
Score: 39.20804
Retrieved Text: There’s family fun in the Neville Studio at Nottingham Playhouse until January 2, where Hare And Tortoise is being performed.
Hare is always in a rush. Everything is so exciting! But Tortoise takes her time, notices the smallest of things and loves every minute.
Come along for this magical modern classic, and follow Hare and Tortoise through the seasons as their wintry world turns firstly to spring and then finally summer as the two friends get ready to race each other.
Winner of the award for best play for children and young people at the Writers’ Guild of Great Britain Awards 2012, it is written by Brendan Murray.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 38.95179
Retrieved Text: Where Are House Prices Actually Headed?
One of the most popular questions being asked of Realtors currently is “When will home prices begin to increase?” Though real estate remains one of the most localized industries recently three national index have announced they believe home prices will begin to appreciate in the next few years. Think of their answer as more tortoise than hare, but remember who won the race!
The three separate reports that have been published in the last 60 days: the Home Price Expectations Survey (HPES), the Urban Land Institute Real Estate Consensus Forecast (ULI) and the Demand Institute’s Report (DIR): The Shifting Nature of U.S. Housing Demand.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 38.73247
Retrieved Text: As a starting distinction let me clarify that by traditional marketing I am referring to advertising sales campaigns. This is your ‘Spray and pray’ approach of targeting customers with advertisements and promotions. Content Marketing, on the other hand, is about selling less. The strategy is to find out what your target customers want to know and then create the content that they are searching for. It is all about giving value and building trust. Rather than you finding customers, content marketing is about customers finding you. If advertising models can be summed up as ‘spray and pray’, content marketing is best summarised as ‘Givers Get’.
You might be wondering how traditional marketing is like the hare? I should say, first off, that I like hares. And I don’t have a major problem with traditional marketing! But they do present opposing techniques to content marketing and our tortoise. The hare confidently relied on his great bursts of speed to win the race. Traditional marketing relies on advertising and is organised around periodic campaigns. Just like the hare’s sprints, they need bursts of energy. That means money.
An online advertising campaign, for example on Google Adwords, will therefore make an immediate impact. And of course, the more money behind it, the greater the acceleration. the advertising hare sprints forwardIt’s easy to see why the hare was confident in his sprint technique. Indeed, so confident was he that he grew complacent and fell asleep beneath a tree. Therein lies the problem of traditional marketing. Take the money away and everything comes

########
Rank: 23
Score: 38.69433
Retrieved Text: Why does Harry Hare, television spokes-hare for the National Hare Council on Carrots, race his longtime friend, Tommy Tortoise? And why can’t Harry’s niece, Harriet Hare spell carrot? This modernized children’s play contains an ancient Ibo (northern Nigeria) legend. The Tortoise and the Hare is the most famous of Aesop’s fables about a Hare who mocks a slow-moving Tortoise. Irked by the Hare’s scornful behavior, the Tortoise challenges him to a race. The moral of this story has always been ambiguous and Valletta Anderson’s script throws intriguing new light on the subject for questioning young minds.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 38.532433
Retrieved Text: In this book you will meet three dozen impatient people. They weren't satisfied with the slow, plodding, money-saving route to financial security, the safe route that most of us feel stuck with. They wanted instant wealth - and they got it.
As Max Gunther points out, our folklore frowns on the idea of quick money. As in the fable about the race between a tortoise and a hare. "In the fable, the hare loses. The stories in this book are not fables. They are true. In these stories, the hares win."
They are a richly varied lot, these happy hares. Gunther opens with a few dazzling millionaire legends, such as the man who invented Monopoly. You'll then meet fascinating characters such as: Harvey Shuster, who beat the stock market; Howard Brown, who decided to be rich and became a multi-millionaire within three years; and a group of men who made fast fortunes on fads such as the Hula Hoop and the Frisbee.
These stores illustrate that the dream of quick money isn't such a ridiculous dream after all. Read these tales about hares who have won and when you have, maybe you'll decide to run with them.
On that original tulip exchange in Amsterdam, one of Max Gunther's ancestors bought a hundred dollars' worth of bulbs in 1632 and paid a witch to insure the investment's success. By 1636 (so the story goes), Gunther's ancestor's bulbs were worth $150,000. So much for pedigree.
Max Gunther was born in England and emigrated to the US when he was 11. He attended schools

########
Rank: 25
Score: 38.489433
Retrieved Text: Matt, how would you like to work together on a project with a kindred spirit...?
Before you respond, let me explain...!
My name is Robert Shunn... I live in American Fork Utah, My brother went to BYU (I just root for them)... and tonight I was cruising the internet looking for a photo (to go on my blog) along with my poem about a tortoise, a hare and of all things a snail...!
It is called "Not So Fast"... a play on the story of the tortoise and the hare, and the race that almost was involving the snail... with a twist of course.
To further explain, I write what I call poemetries... a combination of poems, poetry, whimsy, new twist on old topics, and I also re-write childrens stories in poetic rhyming verse form.
I have several that many have told me would be a perfect childrens book... except I am not an illustrator... BUT YOU ARE!
Check them out... you will see that we are almost normal people. I have just started posting some of my stuff in random fashion... If you are interested you can call me at 756-2217 as long as you are not a nut or whack job.
Sincerely like what I saw of your work... I have no grand illusions about becoming rich and famous, but it would be nice to see something that I wrote find its way into a book that a kid could hold and enjoy.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 38.130547
Retrieved Text: Right about now is when many investors will be scared away from the stock market, to the point of selling up and hiding in a cave (aka 'buying gold').
But if you are following the DIY Income Investor approach you will be - to some extent - insulated from the unfolding drama. No guarantees, but successful investing is often about adhering to a mental discipline ('mind over stomach') rather than being particularly clever.
So where does the tortoise come in?
You are probably ahead of me in one aspect - the fable of the tortoise and the hare. 'Slow and steady wins the race'. Interestingly, there are different ways of interpreting this well-known story: the hare got bored with a pointless competition or the tortoise was just obsessive (and possibly a little unimaginative).
Then there is the inherent defensiveness of walking around inside an impenetrable shell into which it can retreat in times of danger. Those of you with a classical education (!) may also recall the Roman military developed a small formation totally protected by shields, called the tortoise or testugo. That highlights a further feature of the tortoise - built for defence.
Finally, most land-based tortoises are herbivores, consuming a regular diet of easily obtained green stuff, rather than being predators stalking their prey, which they may or may not catch.
Unsurprisingly, all the above is reflected in the DIY Income Investor approach.
Are you a 'tortoise investor'? If not, why not?
Its nice to see an investment blog actually dispensing sound, common sense advice for a change. Its a marathon, not

########
Rank: 27
Score: 37.88385
Retrieved Text: Mariana Castillo Deball wrote us: “One of the starting points for this project is a fossil from a turtle that I found at the natural history museum in Berlin. Last year in Brazil, for a piece at the Sao Paulo biennale I worked a lot with fossils; since then, continuing with this research I am now visiting often the natural history museum in Berlin looking for fossils.
The second reference point is a book on Amazonian Turtle myths, in which they analyze the different folk tales in which a turtle is in a competition with another animal, which is usually faster. So the other animal always thinks that it’s going to win and gives advantage to the turtle, but the turtle finds a way to defeat. Slow moving, at least on land, but well armoured and long lived, turtles appear in a variety of storytelling situations.
In the Aesop fable “The hare and the Turtle”, the hare challenges the turtle to a footrace.
Finding itself with a comfortable lead, the hare pauses midway to take a nap. The turtle continues, overtakes the sleeping hare, and wins the race.
In these tales between unequal contestants, the slow animal may be a turtle or a snail, a crab, a mole, an ant or a hedgehog. The turtle is also sharing a story with Achiles, in one of the Zeno’s paradoxes.
Achilles, is engaged in a race with a lowly tortoise, Achilles is confident and gives advantage to the tortoise, but then he has a problem. Before he can overtake the tortoise, he must

########
Rank: 28
Score: 37.672596
Retrieved Text: Storyline : A cheerful grasshopper and hard working ants.
Storyline : A dog with a piece of meat was so greedy that he lost his own meat.
Storyline : The hare and the tortoise ran a race to find out which is faster.
Storyline : How a smart crow drinks water from a pitcher.
Storyline : The mouse repays lion for his life.
Storyline : Which axe did you drop, golden or silver?
Storyline : If you keep lying, that can be a serious problem.
Storyline : The difference between “I” and “We”.
Storyline : Ants used to be humans but the god got angry and….

########
Rank: 29
Score: 36.43421
Retrieved Text: Am I a tortoise or a hare?
For some reason I think that because I may not have many decades left on Earth, I need to rush to loose weight so I can live longer and better. Then I recall that the race is not given to the swift nor the strong but to the one who endures to the end. I remind myself of this throughout the day when I feel I must strain to do what I'm not capable of doing right now. I would love to drop and give 20 perfect push-ups but I'm just not there yet. My initial feeling is disappointment and I want to just not even do 5 push-ups; the old "what's the use" negative talk that I've done for years. I could continue to kick back and nap like our friend the hare did, or I could keep plugging along to reach my goals. So, whenever I feel like a dried up old rag I get the image of the tortoise crossing the finish line to the dismay of the hare. I then make the decision to just not quit that each step, no matter how slow, is closer to my goal. I may be 90 when I get there, but I won't if I give up, get lazy, or get distracted.

================



======= Instance Index 2411 =========
Input Text: The man had been drinking alcohol, when he caused a disturbance he was arrested for public what?
Choose the most suitable option to answer the above question.
Options:
- vomiting
- toxicity
- nausea
- intoxication
- frequent urination

Target Text: intoxication

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 52.952946
Retrieved Text: Man arrested after injuring his sister and threatening officers.
Police say he waved a cutlass sword at them.
Sister was cut with glass. He threatened her children.
The man had allegedly consumed rubbing alcohol.
BARTHOLOMEW COUNTY, Ind.– Deputies arrested a man who allegedly waved a sword at them after drinking rubbing alcohol.
On Monday just after 7:30 p.m., Bartholomew County sheriff’s deputies responded to a 911 call about domestic battery. The caller told police her brother, 23-year-old Harley Pasley of Taylorsville, was intoxicated and causing a disturbance.
She said Pasley had cut her hand with glass and was threatening to hurt his nephews, ages 2 and 8.
A deputy was told on the scene that Pasley had been drinking rubbing alcohol and had gone to a storage building outside. The deputy went out and said Pasley leaned out holding a cutlass sword. He allegedly began swinging it and yelling at deputies.
Pasley came outside the the deputies had him at gunpoint. He refused to drop the sword at first, but eventually complied. Police say when Pasley dropped to his knees again, he reached for the sword. A deputy used his Taser at that time but it was not effective.
They eventually got the sword away from Pasley and took him into custody. He was transported to Columbus Regional Hospital to be evaluated for consuming rubbing alcohol.
He was then taken to the Batholomew County Jail on charges of battery and interfering with a 911 call.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 48.538086
Retrieved Text: Police officers had to draw their batons during a stand-off with a Norwich man, who threatened officers with a claw hammer.
Michael Land, 34, caused a disturbance at his partner's home in Gilbard Road, North Earlham, in February of this year, refusing to leave and police had to be called to the scene, Norwich Crown Court heard yesterday.
Chris Youell, prosecuting, said that Land, who had been drinking, was aggressive and agitated and there was a stand-off between him and the officers when he suddenly pulled out a claw hammer and raised it above his head.
Mr Youell said that one female police officer thought he was going to struck on the head and police had to draw their batons before getting him to drop the hammer and arrest him.
Land, of Knowland Grove, Norwich, admitted affray.
The court heard he had previous convictions for disorder.
Michael Clare, for Land, said that he had attended a detox programme for his drinking and Land gave evidence to tell the court how he had now been alcohol free for almost a month.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 48.110016
Retrieved Text: A Weymouth police officer disarmed and arrested a man who was brandishing a 14-inch knife and was pleading to be shot outside his Iron Hill Street home, police said.
Officer Edward Hancock arrested David Langley, 42, about 4:30 a.m. Sunday, Sgt. Richard Fuller said.
Fuller said Hancock drew his gun on Langley, who was shirtless and pacing outdoors. Langley was making small cuts on himself with a steak knife, Fuller said.
Langley eventually approached Hancock, asking him to shoot him in the head and chest, Fuller said. Hancock kicked Langley in the chest, which caused him to drop the knife, and then handcuffed him.
Langley is charged with assault with a dangerous weapon, disturbing the peace and disorderly conduct. He pleaded innocent to the charges during his arraignment Monday in Quincy District Court.
A judge set bail at $5,000 with the conditions that Langley abstain from drinking alcohol and submit to random testing, said David Traub, a spokesman for the Norfolk County District Attorney�s Office.
Langley had an assault with a dangerous weapon charge pending before his arrest Sunday, Traub said.
Police received a call about Langley�s behavior an hour before his arrest Sunday. He was found intoxicated when officers arrived, Fuller said, but told them he would go to bed. Police received a call about an hour later about Langley causing another disturbance.
Langley was taken to South Shore Hospital for observation after his arrest. Police later booked him. He was not seriously hurt.
He is due back in court June 2 for a pretrial conference.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 47.60168
Retrieved Text: Nicholas Brendon was arrested recently for causing a disturbance at a hotel in Idaho where he was attending a comic festival. He has apologised for his behaviour on his Facebook page, claiming it was due to mixing alcohol with prescription drugs. He has told his fans that he intends to return to rehab so he can get the help he needs.
Most people will recognise Nicholas Brendon for his roles in Buffy the Vampire Slayer and Criminal Minds. He has also appeared in a number of movies including Demon Island, Unholy, My Neighbour’s Secret, and Coherence. He took up acting at age 20 in an attempt to manage his stuttering problem. It was just a hobby, as he was training to be a doctor. At age 25 though, he was offered the role of Xander Harris in Buffy the Vampire Slayer, at which time he decided to make acting his full-time career.
Nicholas’s addiction problems first hit the headlines back in 2010 – although he had been in a rehab for alcohol abuse back in 2004. The police arrested him in 2010 for being drunk and disorderly – he was so aggressive at the time that the police had to use a Taser on him. He was later charged with resisting arrest and three other misdemeanours including vandalism, receiving a one year suspended sentence. Nicholas admitted that his unacceptable behaviour was due to his addiction to alcohol and sleeping tablets, so he made the decision to go to rehab.
It appears that Nicholas’s first stint in rehab was not

########
Rank: 4
Score: 46.974037
Retrieved Text: A suspect in a case of sexual assault of a child was threatening suicide when police arrived.
Abilene police arrested a 32-year-old man in the 3200 block of Nonesuch Road on charges of sexual assault of a child and prohibited sexual conduct.
When police arrived at the residence Friday morning on a disturbance call, the suspect was threatening suicide, police reported.
He was arrested and remains in Taylor County Jail on two bonds totaling $100,000.
A man reported to police that his brother pulled a gun on him. The victim told the brother to shoot, but instead the brother dropped the gun and hit the victim in the nose with his fist. The 29-year-old suspect was arrested and taken to jail, where he was being held on a $50,000 bond.
An 18-year-old man walked into the Taylor County Jail lobby to turn himself in. His breath smelled of alcohol, his speech was slurred and he was unsteady on his feet. He then became violent, hitting himself in the face and banging his head on the wall. He was arrested for public intoxication and for two local warrants related to speeding and driving without a license.
A man and woman in a long-term relationship got into an argument where she works. He pushed her to the ground. She also told police that he assaulted her earlier and choked her.
A man reported to police that his ex-spouse assaulted him and damaged his vehicle.
Police arrested a man warned multiple times about criminal trespass on business property. Police reported that the suspect said he would be

########
Rank: 5
Score: 44.79343
Retrieved Text: A 24-year-old man was charged Wednesday afternoon with harassment by electronic communication.
The Evanston man was arrested for sending a text message that expressed an intent to harm a 23-year-old Skokie woman, Evanston police Cmdr. Ryan Glew said.
The day before the man was arrested, officers responded to a call of disturbance at Washington Elementary School, 914 Ashland Ave.
While at the school, officers spoke with the principal, who said that a male parent, the Evanston man, was causing a disturbance. Officers made contact with the father and the Skokie woman, the mother of the Evanston man’s children.
Glew said the Department of Children and Family Services had been involved with the couple and had advised the mother to not release their children to the Evanston man. While at Washington Elementary School, the Evanston man was told he was not welcome on the school’s property, Glew said. The man tried to convince his children to leave the school and caused a disturbance while attempting to enter the building.
The man was verbally abusive to officers but followed their orders to leave the grounds, Glew said. He then sent the threatening text message to the mother of the children.
The man was arrested the next day and charged with harassment by electronic communication.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 44.662464
Retrieved Text: HOMELESS and living in a multi-storey car park in Taunton, a man lashed out at his father in a drunken rage after they had allowed him to stay with them at their home in Martock.
James Raymond Cobb had previously been given a community order by the courts and when his father gave him some money he cleared his account and blew the lot on booze.
When he got home he became more and more aggressive and drunk as the day went on and then grabbed his father’s hand before putting his arm around his neck.
When the police were called he was arrested and said he could not recall what had happened but admitted his drinking was behind his strained relationship with his parents.
Cobb, 27, of no fixed address, had originally pleaded not guilty to assaulting Raymond Cobb by beating him at Martock on January 3.
However he changed his plea to guilty on the day he was due to stand trial before Somerset Magistrates at Yeovil.
Stuart Sampson, prosecuting, said that the defendant had a troubled family history after developing problems with alcohol and legal highs while at university five years before.
He went into supported housing but there were problems with that and he had to leave and became homeless before Christmas so his parents allowed him to stay with them.
“However there were difficulties with his drinking and on January 2 his father gave him some money but Cobb cleared his account and spent it all on alcohol,” he said.
“He called his father to pick him up and he

########
Rank: 7
Score: 43.84375
Retrieved Text: An 82-year-old man in Shunde District of Foshan City was arrested by police on suspicion of drunk driving. On August 9, Peng Mei News confirmed the incident from the staff of the Beijiao Squadron of Shunde Traffic Police, the oldest drunk driver ever found in the country.
In the evening of August 6th, Shunde District Public Security Bureau Traffic Police Brigade official micro-blog @ Shunde traffic police issued a message that the traffic police in Beijiao Kun Zhou avenue to carry out a special rectification action, the 82 year old man, the on-site alcohol expiration detection is 41mg/100ml, suspected drunk driving motor vehicle, duty police said this was since the police check since the police. The oldest drunk driver.
@ photos released by Shunde traffic police show that the old man was driving Mercedes Benz.
The incident has caused many Internet users to look around. Can you drive at 82? After the netizens doubts, @ Shunde traffic police explained that, according to the regulations on the application and use of vehicle driving licenses, the maximum age limit for the citizens driving license for motor vehicles was 70 years old, and the drivers license was not taken before 70 years old, and the driver qualification examination could not be taken later. If a driver has obtained a driving license before the age of 70, he can continue driving after the age of 70, but the driver needs to submit a medical certificate every year. There is no age limit for driving cars.
In August 9th, the police officers from the Shunde

########
Rank: 8
Score: 43.754185
Retrieved Text: Man tells court cocaine was found in his system because he drank cola during a trip to Scotland.
ABU DHABI // A man found with cocaine in his system might have ingested the drug unwittingly by drinking Red Bull Cola during a trip to Scotland, a forensics expert told the criminal court yesterday.
The court cleared the man of the drug charge, but sentenced him to one month in prison for reckless driving and 80 lashes for drinking alcohol. The man was tried under Sharia as he admitted the alcohol charge in court.
The Emirati OM was arrested while driving on the wrong side of the road following his return from holiday. He admitted drinking alcohol, saying he was distressed over the death of his father, but said he had merely been confused about which side of the road to drive on.
However, when tests showed traces of cocaine in his system, he denied taking the drug, saying he had no idea of where it came from.
A forensics expert told the court that the Red Bull Cola sold in Europe contains tiny traces of the drug that can show up in a person's blood sample for up to 10 days after ingestion. The Red Bull Cola sold in the UAE does not contain this trace.
The expert said that it would be hard for a consumer to detect the taste of the drug in the drink.
OM's co-defendant, an Egyptian woman accused only of drinking alcohol, was cleared.
In 2009, when six German states pulled Red Bull Cola from shelves after trace amounts

########
Rank: 9
Score: 43.42957
Retrieved Text: On behalf of The Law Firm of Frank Stanley, PC posted in Felonies on Friday, March 3, 2017.
As controversial as drinking and driving is, sometimes there are news stories about OWI that are amusing -- at least, to those of us not facing the charges.
WXIN-TV is reporting that a Michigan county commissioner was arrested back in December on suspicion of drinking and driving. According to the report, Montcalm County Commissioner Jeremy Miller blamed a craving for “those damn chicken nuggets” for his actions that night.
The arrest occurred on Dec. 18, but apparently was not made public until March 2. The arresting officer claimed in a report that he observed Miller driving 58 mph in a 30 mph zone and pulled him over.
The officer says there was an odor of alcohol on Miller’s body and that Miller failed a field sobriety test. He arrested Miller and asked if the man, who had been elected to the Montcalm County Commission the previous month, if he understood why he was being arrested.
“Because I was being stupid, those damn chicken nuggets,” Miller is quoted as responding. The news report provides no context, but it is possible that Miller had been driving to a fast food restaurant when the officer pulled over.
From the outside, an OWI can seem funny, depending on the circumstances. But it is not funny when you are the one facing criminal charges. A conviction could result in jail time and other severe penalties.
After an arrest, your best chance at resolving the matter as positively as possible is

########
Rank: 10
Score: 43.27376
Retrieved Text: VERO BEACH, Fla. - A Florida man stopped for drunk driving denies he was actually drinking while driving, claiming he only drank while he was stopped at traffic signals and stop signs.
Earle Gustavas Stevens of Vero Beach was approached on June 27 by a police officer after a woman called 911 saying he had hit her bumper numerous times while waiting in a McDonald's drive-thru lane.
The Smoking Gun reports Stevens smelled of alcohol and was slurring his words, according to the officer.
A bottle of Jim Beam was sitting in the passengers seat next to Stevens, and he admitted he had been drinking.
But when pressed if he was drinking while driving, Stevens said no.
“He further explained that he was not drinking while the car was moving and only when he stopped for stop signs and traffic signals.” the officer wrote in the report.
Stevens was arrested and charged with drunk driving and driving without a license.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 43.189762
Retrieved Text: The company that employs a 35-year-old Calgary man accused of forcing an Air Canada flight from London, England to make an unscheduled landing in Edmonton Monday is shocked by the report.
The accused, Justin Neil Frank, has been employed as a rig service electrician with Canrig Drilling Technology for more than a decade. Much of his work involves troubleshooting calls overseas.
Denny Smith, director of corporate development for the parent company, Nabors Industries in Houston, Texas, said Frank was returning from a job overseas when the incident occurred. He said Frank is one of 8,000 employees who commute back and forth from Canada for overseas jobs.
Since the matter is before the courts, Air Canada isn’t commenting about what happened on the Monday afternoon flight that was destined for Calgary, or its policy when it comes to alcohol and passengers.
A passenger sitting behind the accused in business class said it appeared the man had a few drinks before he boarded the flight. She said he turned loud and obnoxious, and began making inappropriate comments when he began hitting on her about three hours into the eight-and-a-half hour journey.
Eventually, the man had to be subdued with plastic straps tied to his legs and arms by crew members and passengers prior to making an unscheduled landing in Edmonton around 3:45 p.m. where he was promptly taken off the plane and arrested by police.
Police believe he had smuggled alcohol onto the flight, which was carrying 349 passengers at the time.
Frank is charged with sexual assault, mischief to property and causing a disturbance

########
Rank: 12
Score: 43.056904
Retrieved Text: Ben Padgett was arrested at a Naples Olive Garden for disorderly intoxication after he was spotted shoveling spaghetti into his mouth, police said.
A Florida man was arrested at an Olive Garden after police say he caused a drunken disturbance and was shoveling spaghetti into his mouth with his hands.
Ben Padgett, 32, was arrested by police in Naples on April 7 on charges of disorderly intoxication and resisting an officer without violence, according to an arrest report obtained by the Miami Herald.
The report said officers responded to a disturbance call at the restaurant and found a shirtless Padgett chowing down on the spaghetti. Padgett smelled like booze and was "muttering obscenities," the report said.
A restaurant worker told police Padgett caused a scene inside the restaurant and had been asking patrons for money outside and yelling expletives, the report said.
Officers gave Padgett paper towels to clean up the pasta on his face, the report said. After he was taken into custody, Padgett started smashing his head against the metal cage partition in a patrol car, causing him to cut his head, the report said.
Padgett was booked into jail and later released on $2,000 bond. Attorney information wasn't available.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 42.89658
Retrieved Text: A British tourist headbutted two police officers after being arrested in Dubai - but was so drunk he couldn't recall the attack, a court heard.
Police had been called to Jumeirah Beach Residence in the city to deal with reports of a drunken man causing a disturbance at about 3am on May 3.
Officers arrested the 26-year-old man and transported him to Al Barsha Police Station after finding him in an intoxicated state, Dubai Criminal Court was told.
“We were the closest police patrol to the location, at nearly 3am that day and were tasked by the operations room to head to the place near Mövenpick hotel and investigate the incident,” said the Emirati officer, 23.
“It was clear he was not normal, when we drew closer we could smell alcohol on him, so after identifying ourselves, we had to take him to Al Barsha police station,” said the officer.
The defendant was not cooperating with police and had to be handcuffed.
As the police patrol arrived at the station, court records state the accused headbutted the first officer as he stepped out of the vehicle, injuring his nose.
He was not present in court to enter a plea. A verdict will be issued on July 25.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 42.869255
Retrieved Text: Indian police arrested a man whose stinky socks caused a showdown on a bus as his fellow passengers protested the pungent odour, an officer has said.
The man removed his shoes and socks on a bus going from the Himalayan state of Himachal Pradesh to New Delhi and put them near the aisle, police said. Other passengers protested and asked the man to put away the offending socks or throw them out.
The man refused, sparking a heated confrontation that forced the bus driver to stop at a police station in Una district of Himachal Pradesh. Una police chief Sanjeev Gandhi told AFP the bus stopped several times because of the smelly chaos before they came to the police station. “He was arrested on charges of causing public nuisance and later released on bail,” Gandhi said.
Gandhi said the accused had threatened other passengers and caused a disturbance at the police station. The man in turn filed a complaint against his fellow passengers and the bus crew for harassment and insisted his socks did not smell, the officer said. He left the area in another bus a day later, police said.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 42.59593
Retrieved Text: The Almaguin Highlands OPP has charged a man after he approached police while they were investigating a separate incident.
On Thursday, January 17th, around 10:00pm, Almaguin Highlands OPP say they were approached by an allegedly inebriated man on Ontario Street in Burk’s Falls.
Police say the 38-year-old man from Magnetawan was yelling and swearing at officers and was arrested for being intoxicated in a public place.
OPP also said that when officers brought the accused to the station, he became physically and verbally aggressive and caused damage to police property.
Officers charged the man with uttering threats, mischief, causing a disturbance, assaulting a peace officer with a weapon, being intoxicated in public place, and possession of unmarked cigarettes.
The accused is scheduled to appear in Court on Thursday, January 24th in Sundridge.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 42.286457
Retrieved Text: A 23-year-old man who flipped his car on his way home from a friend's house has been fined £200 and had seven penalty points endorsed on his licence.
Darragh Reilly with an address of St. Patrick's Park, Rosslea appeared at Fermanagh Magistrates Court in relation to an incident which took place on August 5, 2018 on Main Street, Rosslea.
The court heard that at 7am police received a report of a one vehicle RTC. When they arrived at the scene they saw a Volkswagen Passat on its roof and two other vehicles which had been damaged.
The owner of the Passat, Reilly, was at a nearby property as he had been taken in after becoming unwell.
Reilly was arrested on driving with excess alcohol before being taken to hospital where a breath test showed he was under the legal limit. He was then bailed and further arrested. During interview the defendant said he believed he had fell asleep.
Reilly's solicitor, Gary Black, told the court his client had been at a friend's house watching a sporting event from 12am that night. Reilly was not supposed to be driving but during the night others had consumed more alcohol than him so he had stopped drinking early on which could be seen with the low reading.
Mr. Black continued that Reilly was on the final part of his journey home when he was overcome with tiredness and clipped the Ford Transit van which then hit another vehicle while Reilly's car flipped on its roof.
In imposing the fine and penalty points, District Judge Michael Ranaghan

########
Rank: 17
Score: 42.035442
Retrieved Text: A Drink-driver who killed a cyclist after spending an afternoon drinking with colleagues failed to win a cut in his four-year jail term.
Daniel Hogg, 41, of Ormonde Road, Wokingham, was around one-and-a-half times the drink-drive limit when he hit Neil Ashley, in Bearwood Road, Sindlesham, on January 22 last year.
In February this year, he was jailed at Reading Crown Court after admitting causing death by careless driving while under the influence of alcohol and doing an act intending to pervert the course of justice.
He appealed, claiming his sentence was “manifestly excessive”, but on Tuesday, July 8, his case was thrown out by three top judges at the Court of Appeal in London.
Hogg admitted drinking “the best part” of a bottle of wine the afternoon before hitting the back of 41-year-old Mr Ashley’s cycle as he drove home.
Mr Ashley of Reading, who worked at the National Grid, was catapulted forward hitting a lamp post and stone wall. He died of severe brain injuries caused by the force of the impact on his skull.
Leaving his victim to die, Hogg drove on. He returned a short time later and, seeing the emergency services had attended, arranged for his car to be destroyed. It was found burning less than an hour later.
In the meantime, he went back to the pub and attempted to construct an alibi, repeatedly telling the landlord he had been there all along and reported his car as stolen. He was arrested the following day and denied any involvement in Mr Ashley’s death, but surrendered himself to

########
Rank: 18
Score: 41.76383
Retrieved Text: A drink driver who was reported to police by a telematics company which was monitoring his vehicle that he had been involved in a collision at Shepton Montague was found to be more than double the limit.
The company provided information that Anthony Carlo Reid’s vehicle had been involved in a G-Force collision and gave officers the exact location where to find him using the vehicle’s GPS coordinates.
When the defendant failed a roadside breath test he was arrested and admitted he had been out with friends and had lost count of how many drinks he had consumed.
Reid, 24, of Prestleigh, Evercreech, pleaded guilty to driving a Ford Fiesta on the A359 at Shepton Montague on December 16 after consuming excess alcohol.
Prosecutor Julian Stephens told Somerset Magistrates that the police were made aware of the accident by a communication from a telematics company and at 1.37am they attended the GPS coordinates and found the vehicle with Reid still inside.
“A roadside breath test was failed and he was arrested for drink driving but taken to hospital and later blew a reading of 77mcg of alcohol in 100ml of breath, the legal limit being 35mcg of alcohol,” he said.
“When he was interviewed he said he had been drinking with friends and lost count of how many he had and didn’t know why he drove as his house was only 10 minutes away.
Defending, Philip Hatvany said that Reid admitted his guilt to the police at the scene and said he went to the pub but didn’t normally drink that much and

########
Rank: 19
Score: 41.69563
Retrieved Text: Whether you had a few too many and got a little rowdy or you had an argument with someone and were arrested, but weren't intoxicated, the criminal defense attorneys of Shorstein, Lasnetski, & Gihon can help you with your disorderly intoxication case. Call our experienced Jacksonville criminal lawyers today to discuss your Disorderly Intoxication case.
Disorderly Intoxication is often a go-to statute for law enforcement officers when they respond to a public disturbance. It is a crime often charged at or around bars and other establishments that serve alcohol. It is a broad statute that allows officers to make arrests in a wide array of circumstances, but it is also a statute that allows criminal defense attorneys to file motions to dismiss based on improper arrests.
you caused a public disturbance.
"Intoxication" means more than merely being under the influence of an alcoholic beverage. Intoxication means that the defendant must have been so affected from the drinking of an alcoholic beverage as to have lost or been deprived of the normal control of either your body or your mental faculties, or both. Intoxication is synonymous with "drunk."
Isn't it a violation of my Constitution Right to Freedom of Speech to arrest me for Disorderly Intoxication?
Maybe. Because you have freedom of speech, you cannot be convicted for disorderly intoxication for simply being intoxicated and saying things that people don't want to hear. The State must prove that you engaged in a public disturbance. The public disturbance must endanger the public safety. That is where it gets gray. Is the public safety

########
Rank: 20
Score: 41.676468
Retrieved Text: Woman strikes mother for eating pizza and drinking her alcohol.
PALM BAY, Florida – A 24-year-old woman was arrested after she allegedly hit her mother during an argument over pizza and alcohol.
Cynthia Mary Reid, who lives at home with her parents in Palm Bay, was charged with a single count of Battery Domestic Violence.
The father called law enforcement to the home, located at the 800 block of Cornelia Avenue, about a disturbance.
The parents told officers that they arrived home from work with a pizza. As they walked into the home, their daughter was drinking several alcohol shots with a friend. The friend left and there were three shots left. Reid fell asleep. The parents drank two of them and put the third one in the freezer, according to the report.
When Reid woke up, she was still heavily intoxicated and thought the pizza was for her, the report said. She blamed the parents for eating the pizza and drinking all of her shots, according to the Palm Bay Police Department.
As the argument went on about the pizza and alcohol, the mother went into her room. Cynthia Reid followed her.
“Cynthia then started to strike [the mother] on the left side of her facing, causing [her] to bleed from her mother. A small amount of blood was observed on the left crease of [the mother’s] mouth,” the officer said.
Police also observed the mother holding her left wrist and asked about it, but she denied that her daughter injured it.
The mother then broke down and said she didn’t want Reid to

########
Rank: 21
Score: 41.545025
Retrieved Text: Andrew Mackie strongly smelled of alcohol and had bloodshot eyes when officers arrested him with a stolen weapon.
A 20-year-old Palm Bay man was arrested Monday after firing a gun while drunk at a house party, according to police reports.
Andrew Mackie strongly smelled of alcohol and had bloodshot eyes when officers arrested him near Port Malabar Boulevard just after 1 a.m.
Multiple witnesses at a house party saw Mackie fire a 9 mm into the air three times before fleeing the scene. No information was available on why Mackie may have fired the weapon.
When he was arrested, officers found the gun, which they then determined had been stolen.
Mackie was charged with carrying a concealed firearm, improper exhibition of a firearm, discharging a firearm in public and using a firearm under the influence of alcohol. He is being held at the Brevard County Jail Complex on $35,000 bond.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 41.391968
Retrieved Text: US-45 near the intersection with Hunt Road, where a suspected drunk driver rear-ended and injured another driver on August 6.
Police in Graves County, Kentucky arrested a man from Tennessee on suspicion of drunk driving on Monday after he allegedly caused a two-vehicle accident that injured both drivers. 43-year-old James Gholson was driving along U.S. 45 near Hunt Road in Mayfield when he rear-ended 72-year-old Linda Reid’s vehicle, sending her off the road and into a ditch before colliding with a parked bucket truck.
Witnesses told Graves County deputies that they saw Gholson drinking alcohol behind the wheel when the crash occurred. A deputy said that he smelled alcohol on Gholson and the sheriff’s office says Gholson confessed to being drunk. He was arrested at the scene and has been charged with first-degree wanton endangerment, driving under the influence on the first offense, and possession of an open alcohol container.
Both Reid and Gholson were brought to Jackson Purchase Medical Center by Mayfield Graves County EMS. Reid’s injuries were non-life-threatening. Gholson was treated for minor injuries and brought to Graves County Jail after being released.
Drunk drivers destroy countless lives every day – their decision to get behind the wheel intoxicated frequently leads to accidents that result in serious and sometimes fatal injuries. The victims of these drunk drivers and the families of those killed by drunk drivers deserve justice and financial support for the hardships they face. Drunk driving is a clear example of negligence, as these drivers disregard the safety of everyone around them.
Victims often have the right

########
Rank: 23
Score: 40.98852
Retrieved Text: INDIAN RIVER COUNTY, Fla. — After a Florida man was pulled over with a bottle of bourbon in the front seat, he told deputies that he wasn't drinking while driving; only at traffic lights and stop signs.
Earle Stevens Jr., 69, was arrested on June 27 in Vero Beach after a woman called 911 saying that the vehicle behind her kept hitting her rear bumper while in the McDonald's drive-thru line, according to Treasure Coast Palm .
When deputies pulled Stevens over, they noticed an open bottle of liquor on the passenger seat. Deputies say that he smelled of alcohol and told them he felt "pretty good."
Stevens allegedly told deputies he was drinking Jim Beam bourbon from the bottle, but only at "stop signs."
Deputies say Stevens said he’s never had a valid Florida driver's license.
Stevens was arrested on charges of DUI and driving without a license. After he was taken to jail his blood alcohol content was measured at 0.153 and 0.147. The legal limit is 0.08.
Stevens posted his $1,500 bond on June 28. He is scheduled to appear in court on Tuesday, July 31.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 40.9263
Retrieved Text: A drunk man found slumped in a shop doorway tried to bite paramedics as they attempted to help him.
But Waqas Hussain blamed his behaviour on a cannabis cigarette which he said sent him to sleep.
The 32-year-old was discovered on South Street in Dewsbury at 5.35pm on February 1.
Prosecutor Alex Bozman told Kirklees magistrates : “Police attended to a report by the ambulance service dealing with a patient.
The officers who attended could smell alcohol on his breath. He said he wanted to bite them and was arrested and taken to Dewsbury Police Station.
Hussain, of Savile Road in Dewsbury, pleaded guilty to being drunk and disorderly in public.
Magistrates were told that he had an extensive record, involving offences of a similar nature.
Lesley Cowling, mitigating, explained that her client was in the pub when he asked a member of the public for a cigarette.
She said: “They handed him something and he smoked it but thinks that he may have been handed cannabis because it sent him so sleep.
“When he was found slumped by the shop and woken up he didn&apos;t know where he was.
Miss Cowling said that Hussain did smoke cannabis eight years ago but stopped because it gave him panic attacks.
He is now a heavy user of alcohol and aware that he needs help, she told magistrates.
She said: “He was minding his own business and fell asleep against the shop door.
“He accepts that somebody seeing him like that would have been caused concern.
Magistrates fined Hussain £80 and ordered him to pay £85 costs and £30 victim surcharge.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 40.904976
Retrieved Text: SAND HOLLOW STATE PARK — A St. George man was arrested at Sand Hollow State Park early Sunday morning following an alleged physical altercation over a cellphone.
At approximately 3:30 a.m. Sunday, officers responded to the state park where a man reported he had been assaulted before driving away in his vehicle, according to a probable cause statement filed by the Hurricane City Police Department in support of the arrest.
After obtaining a physical description of the alleged assailant, officers located him at a campsite in the park. He was identified as 26-year-old Logan Jay Mazzettia, the arresting officer wrote in a sworn statement.
When questioned, Mazzettia told police he had gotten upset after the man took a female friend’s phone without permission and deleted everything on the phone, according to the statement.
While speaking with Mazzettia, officers noticed blood on the front of his shorts along with a cut on his left knuckle, the report stated.
“Logan (Mazzettia) admitted to wrapping his right hand in a shirt, punching out the rear driver passenger window then opening the door and punching the male in the face,” the officer wrote in the statement.
Mazzettia was swaying back and forth while speaking with officers and allegedly admitted he had been drinking alcohol, according to the statement. A portable breath test was given to Mazzettia which reportedly showed he had an alleged blood alcohol content of .224.
Mazzettia was arrested and transported to the Washington County Purgatory Correctional Facility.
The Washington County Attorney’s Office filed an information in 5th District Court accusing Mazzettia of two class A

########
Rank: 26
Score: 40.78366
Retrieved Text: Newsbriefs from around the area and the state.
High Springs Police who were patrolling near a used car lot early Tuesday arrested a man for allegedly breaking in to steal several items.
Sgt. Antoine Sheppard and Reserve Officer Todd Holder said they were on a routine patrol of the area when they heard noises that sounded like they were coming from the rear compound of the auto yard.
Another officer, Mike Coulon, arrived in the area a few minutes later and saw a man walking down NW 5th Avenue in High Springs, according to Police Chief James Troiano.
Coulon said the man was sweaty and had fresh cuts on his back and arms. Troiano said the cuts were superficial and were consistent with the type of cuts likely sustained by someone who had gotten into the area through a fence.
Officers said evidence at the scene showed the burglar had apparently gotten into the auto yard through a fence. The officers also said it appeared the burglar had been removing items from cars such as radiators, car rims and catalytic converters.
The man was arrested and identified as Michael John Grant, 26, of High Springs. He was charged with burglary, grand theft, trespass and possession of burglary tools.
Grant was being held at the Alachua County jail on a $5,000 bond Tuesday afternoon.
Officers in Levy County arrested four people Monday for trafficking and manufacturing methamphetamine, authorities reported.
A disturbance call at a home in Inglis led to the arrests, according to the Levy County Sheriff�s Office. Officers from the Inglis Police Department and the

########
Rank: 27
Score: 40.741154
Retrieved Text: Sunday, May 13th, 2018 Crash at the Korner: Troopers say car drove into ice cream shop HUBBARD, Ohio (WKBN) - The Ohio State Highway Patrol is investigating after a car crashed into a popular ice cream store. Troopers reported to Katie's Korner in Hubbard, across the street from Love's gas station. Highway Patrol says a small car crashed into the side of the building, causing some damage. They say the cause of the crash is still unknown but one man was arrested with an OVI. There were no reported injuries.
Saturday, May 12th, 2018 Alleged drunk driver crashes car just hours after buying it A 2014 Chevrolet Trailblazer was left unrecognizable after a rollover crash on northbound I-94, just south of Highway 11 in Racine County Thursday night. The driver, a 44-year-old Kenosha man, was uninjured. “That’s miraculous when you look at the damage to the vehicle,” said Racine County Sheriff Richard Schmaling. “I thought for certain it would be a deceased individual.” Schmaling says the driver’s blood alcohol level was more than twice the legal limit, and this isn’t his first offense. “This was his third OWI,” Schmaling said. “His own statement confirms he was out drinking and celebrating.” Celebrating the purchase of his new car. The man bought the Trailblazer just a few hours before crashing it. The number of drivers with multiple OWI’s on Wisconsin roads is escalating. Schmaling says Racine County law enforcement agencies recorded at least 750 OWI arrests last year. “The Sheriff's Office made a little more than half of those

########
Rank: 28
Score: 40.65584
Retrieved Text: Cognitive Dissidence: Threats of Getting Bombed At The Capitol!
If you have not heard by now, The Capitol was closed for a while in the late afternoon thanks to a bomb threat. This meant this time, the Capitol was evacuated and Mike Huebsch did not even have time to come up with an outrageous estimate of "damage done".
It also meant that it gave the Legislators, time to do what they do best, - Drink.
While this same group of people, who made it illegal to buy Ketchup or Shrimp, when you were buying groceries with food stamps, have no qualms at all about using their 133% raise for taxpayer subsidized per diems to buy alcohol. They have become the dictionary definition of mind numbing hypocrisy.
Most good public workers, knowing they had a full shift ahead, would not be drinking away in broad daylight, but gerrymandered districts and unbridled arrogance have set that aside. Plus when you have gotten your marching orders already, there is no real reason to have to think.
We also got a glimpse into second in command Republican Jim Steineke (R- Rap Sheet) and why he had the problems he had growing up. Mr. Steineke, who has been arrested so many times in his life that one would think that he would probably refrain from drinking. Again, reality suffers inside the Republican party of Wisconsin and he proudly drinks cheap beer on the job(emphasis mine).
Assembly Majority Leader Jim Steineke, R-Kaukauna, reminded him everyone had seen him with the Spotted Cow bottle.
Ummmm Jimmy, wasn't this you just

########
Rank: 29
Score: 40.536648
Retrieved Text: 1200 BLOCK OF COUNTY ROAD 1308 – An intoxicated man was outside the complainant’s house causing a disturbance. He was arrested for public intoxication.
U.S. 81/287 NORTH OF FARM ROAD 407 – Deputies were working a major accident. As an officer began to turn traffic around, he located an intoxicated man passed out in his truck. He was taken to jail for public intoxication.
100 BLOCK OF CREASSER LANE – The victim reported a person who was supposed to be performing repairs on a vehicle sold it. They found out the vehicle had been sold after receiving a call from the subjects in possession of the vehicle who requested a title transfer. The vehicle was placed in the Wise County Sheriff’s Office impound for safekeeping.
200 BLOCK OF PRIVATE ROAD 4906 – Argument over child custody. Male subject was criminally trespassing.
100 BLOCK OF PRIVATE ROAD 1315 – Complainant provided more information in reference to a theft report.
4000 BLOCK OF OLD DENTON HIGHWAY – Complainant reported an unknown person hacked an email account.
2000 BLOCK OF FARM ROAD 2127 – A woman advised her husband’s motorcycle was taken from a shed at her abandoned homesite.
200 BLOCK OF LAKEWOOD CIRCLE – Complainant advised possible scam and theft of identifying information.
100 BLOCK OF COUNTY ROAD 4657 – A man reported copper wire and tin stolen from his property sometime this past week.
4400 BLOCK OF NORTH U.S. 81/287 – A man reported a pickup stolen approximately two years ago, and he believed the pickup had been repossessed by a title loan company. He is

================



======= Instance Index 3746 =========
Input Text: Dan wondered where those ball bearings came from.  Ball bearings are used in what sort of thing?
Choose the most suitable option to answer the above question.
Options:
- support axial loads
- can
- allow movement
- machines
- church

Target Text: machines

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 52.92084
Retrieved Text: There is an abundant quantity of ball bearings available on the market today and each one is able to serve the purpose of multiple devices. For example, there are standard ball bearings, roller bearings, ball thrust bearings, roller thrust bearings, tapered roller bearings, and technical bearings. It’s your choice to choose the one that fits your needs. Ball thrust bearings are designed to withstand the demands of thrust loads that are engaged in low-speed and low-weight applications. You’ll find ball thrust bearings in skillet stools as the bearings are what supports the chairs. Roller thrust bearings are sort of like ball thrust bearings and are able to handle thrust loads; however, these kinds of bearings can withstand more weight. Think about a wagon pulling a large pile of rocks, this is an example of roller thrust bearings can hold. Make a search on the following site, if you are looking for more details concerning stainless steel ball bearings.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 51.560833
Retrieved Text: Thrust ball bearings are classified into those with flat seats or aligning seats depending on the shape of the outer ring seat or the housing washer. thrust bearings can sustain axial loads but no radial loads. For single direction thrust ball bearings, pressed steel cages and machined brass cages are usually used. The cages in double direction thrust ball bearings are the same as those in single direct thrust ball bearings of the same diameter series.
1. LYHY thrust bearings are available in two designs: single direction and double direction.
4. Advanced Grease Technology - LYHY lubricants that can extend grease life and performance.
Double direction thrust ball bearings are commonly used in automotive, marine, and aerospace applications. They are also used in the main and tail rotor blade grips of radio controlled helicopters.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 50.90509
Retrieved Text: There are different elements in machines, bearings being one of them, which allow the movement of the machine components along each other. Bearings are an important integral part of any object, to emphasize this, bearings support sky scrapers during earthquakes by offering them some movement. In fact even human beings whose joints involve sliding contact bearings, would come to a stop if they stop working. There are two main categories in bearings, namely, contact type bearings and non-contact type bearings.
Deep grove ball bearings are contact type bearings and are versatile.
They have very simple design and have non-separable rings. They are robust and are suitable for medium, high and ultra-high speeds. They have a characteristic design structure with deep raceway grooves and there are circular arcs on the outer and inner rings which are having a radius more than the radius of balls. Deep groove ball bearings find application in various industries and are available in various sizes depending upon the application.
Deep grove ball bearings are also altered and designed and used in special applications, which include high temperature bearings, sensor bearing units, bearings with solid oil, hybrid bearings, polymer ball bearings, NoWear coated bearings, to name a few. There are two types of deep groove ball bearings, namely, single row deep groove ball bearings and double race deep groove ball bearings.
Single row deep groove ball bearings offer the best performance for any type of application and are versatile in various industries. Single row deep groove ball bearings offer enhanced benefits owing to certain advantages. They can

########
Rank: 3
Score: 50.83819
Retrieved Text: Stephen Hawking fears that space aliens may have evolved into a threat to humanity.
Ironically, just as Arizona passed a law to protect its citizens from illegal aliens, Stephen Hawking warned the citizens of Earth about the potential threat of space aliens. His series on the Discovery Channel was well publicized in advance.
It turned out that the series actually began on May 2, and the program on space aliens aired on May 10.
In the introduction to these TV programs, Hawking introduces himself as a “physicist, cosmologist, and something of a dreamer.” That’s why it should come as no surprise that his dream world has little, if any, similarity to the real world. This was crystal clear in the May 2 broadcast, which dealt with how the universe began.
It is Hawking’s belief that gravity caused hydrogen atoms to clump together shortly after the Big Bang. He showed how this happened using simulated ball bearings on a dining room floor. He explained that if the ball bearings were perfectly spaced, they would remain in place. Any given ball bearing would have another ball bearing to the north of it, pulling it north, but there would be another ball bearing to the south of it, pulling it south. Similarly, the gravitational pull of the ball bearing to the east would be cancelled out by the gravitational pull of the ball bearing to the west, so there would be no motion in any direction.
But, Hawking said, the universe isn’t perfect. So he removed a few of the ball bearings in his

########
Rank: 4
Score: 50.591805
Retrieved Text: We professionally supply famous brands bearings, such as SKF, FAG, NTN, NSK, TIMKEN, NACHI, INA, KOYO, IKO, THK, ZWZ, HRB, HCH etc. Our main products include deep groove ball bearings, self-aligning ball bearings, angular contact ball bearings, cylindrical roller bearings, tapered roller bearings, thrust ball bearings, thrust roller bearings, needle bearings, spherical bearings, joint bearings, pillow blocks, linear bearings, etc. Those are widely used in machinery and equipment, hydro power, railway, automobile, steel, electric, textile, packing, medical treatment, metallurgy, mining, petroleum, paper making, electronic computer, electrical machinery, sports equipment, office equipment, automobile motor, precision instruments, and other filed.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 50.461563
Retrieved Text: Hi, My family business have factories and resources in China, can make garments,shoes,bags and hats,with good qualitu and best price. We look forward long-term cooperation relationship, please contact me !
Higher capacity ball bearings with more balls are made with 'filling grooves', or with split races held together by mating parts. Both are uncommon. However, the original question was about "spherical rod end bearings"; surely some are made as MintJulep conjectured and Kenneth confirmed.
There are four major parts to a standard ball bearing: the outer race, the rolling balls, the inner race, and the cage. 1 Both races are made in almost the same way. Since they are both rings of steel, the process starts with steel tubing of an appropriate size.
Steel Ball Cage Forging Forging Turning Heat Treatment Face Grinding Outside Diameter Grinding Raceway Grinding Raceway Honing ... How a Ball Bearing is Made.
how its made ball bearings. how its made ball bearings. Skip navigation Sign in. Search. Loading... Close. Yeah, keep it Undo Close. This video is unavailable.
The Anti Friction Bearing Manufacturers Association, AFBMA, uses a code to identify bearings by size, type and construction. Any bearing user, supplier or manufacturer can identify bearings from this code, which is widely, though not universally, accepted.
Video showing how high-precision, radial deep groove ball bearings are made from the popular TV show "How It's Made."
Stainless steel (440C) ball bearings in standard inch sizes, and many metric sizes, are manufactured at our Troy, NY production facility. Special features, including, flanges, modified dimensions, seals, shields, ceramic balls, coatings, and lubricants,

########
Rank: 6
Score: 50.288254
Retrieved Text: There are three main reasons for bearing failure; bearing fatigue, incorrect lubrication and the wrong selection of bearing type and material. Addressing these three points when choosing what bearing should be used in each application is crucial – and could help designers to make the right decision.
Dealing with OEMs, distributors and logistics companies, we understand more than most what customers need from a bearing. Whether it is a standard catalogue item or a special order, customers are wanting more and more for their suppliers to take responsibility for helping them to select the right bearing – and that is where it pays to go with experience and expertise.
The most important consideration is the type of bearing to suit the application. There are many types to choose from, including plain bearings, ball bearings, roller bearings, needle bearings to name a few. Each of these types has many variations; for example, plain bearings can be sintered, wrapped, plastic, composite or machined from various solid materials. Ball, roller and needle bearings can be offered in numerous configurations.
The majority of customers know exactly what their bearing needs to do. They know the load, speed and environmental requirements, but need advice on what type of bearing can deliver those capabilities most effectively, most cost-efficiently.
This will influence not just the cost of the initial purchase, but potentially other factors including the cost of ongoing maintenance, lifespan of the bearing and even how efficiently the equipment works.
In some cases, there are clear benefits to using an alternative bearing type. The new Bowman BowMet

########
Rank: 7
Score: 50.258938
Retrieved Text: Buy TIMKEN 6013Z Ball Bearings - Parts Online Pte.Ltd.
Services & Solutions from Industrial Bearings Solutions range from new machine development and design of TIMKEN 6013Z Ball Bearings verification, to reconditioning, Integrated Maintenance Solutions, training and remote monitoring. Industrial Bearings Solutions can help you reduce your operation’s energy usage and improve its sustainability. And Industrial Bearings Solutions will work with you to define where to focus, and how to get the fastest return on your investment for TIMKEN 6013Z Ball Bearings.
Building on this knowledge Industrial Bearings Solutions has developed advanced services and technologies to maintain, monitor, repair and optimise your assets throughout their operating life. Providing the optimum replacement TIMKEN 6013Z Ball Bearings at the right time and helping our customers to optimize their asset efficiency.
Malaysia Bearing are used in a wide array of industries worldwide including: agriculture, textiles, food and beverage, paper and steel mills and automotive. Customers count on and turn to the Malaysia Bearing for TIMKEN 6013Z Ball Bearings that they can rely on to fulfill necessary industrial application requirements. With a wide variety of sizes and styles available, any customer can find a TIMKEN 6013Z Ball Bearings to meet their particular requirements.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 50.14428
Retrieved Text: NSK bearings by "MOTION&CONTROL" (operation and control) technology, to build a comfortable and safe to society.In the maintenance of the earth's environment at the same time, through the worldwide business, strengthen the state-to-state, solidarity and cooperation between people.
Bearing Distributors Inc became the authorized distributor of NSK in 2000 .We can provide customers with a comprehensive and complete range of services and technical support, including testing, maintenance and assembly and disassembly of bearings and bearing systems. Timken is a leader in all bearing types, including ball, cylindrical, needle, tapered, thrust and spherical. Related products such as housed units, integrated bearing assemblies, precision assemblies and aerospace bearings offer additional features and performance capabilities.
We, as the distributor of NSK, want to actively participate in supply the best original bearing. This not only demands that we future-proof our business model; we also have to give our customers, business partners, employees, executives, and shareholders an idea of the path that we want to pursue over the next few years.
Thrust ball bearings are classified into those with flat seats or aligning seats depending on the shape of the outer ring seat (housing washer). They can sustain axial loads but no radial loads. For Single-Direction Thrust Ball Bearings.
Available with cylindrical or spherical rollers, NSK's thrust roller bearings sustain only axial loads, but they are suitable for heavy loads and have high axial rigidity.
To ensure effective sealing, plummer blocks are available with a variety of special sealing options and end covers. Benefits include a facility for easy mounting and dismounting of pre-assembled shafts.
NSK offers

########
Rank: 9
Score: 50.118595
Retrieved Text: Buy TIMKEN 61912 Ball Bearings - Parts Online Pte.Ltd.
Services & Solutions from Industrial Bearings Solutions range from new machine development and design of TIMKEN 61912 Ball Bearings verification, to reconditioning, Integrated Maintenance Solutions, training and remote monitoring. Industrial Bearings Solutions can help you reduce your operation’s energy usage and improve its sustainability. And Industrial Bearings Solutions will work with you to define where to focus, and how to get the fastest return on your investment for TIMKEN 61912 Ball Bearings.
Building on this knowledge Industrial Bearings Solutions has developed advanced services and technologies to maintain, monitor, repair and optimise your assets throughout their operating life. Providing the optimum replacement TIMKEN 61912 Ball Bearings at the right time and helping our customers to optimize their asset efficiency.
Malaysia Bearing are used in a wide array of industries worldwide including: agriculture, textiles, food and beverage, paper and steel mills and automotive. Customers count on and turn to the Malaysia Bearing for TIMKEN 61912 Ball Bearings that they can rely on to fulfill necessary industrial application requirements. With a wide variety of sizes and styles available, any customer can find a TIMKEN 61912 Ball Bearings to meet their particular requirements.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 50.116653
Retrieved Text: The following are to links to Bearings editorials and engineering data.
A bearing is a machine element that constrains relative motion and reduces friction between moving parts to only the desired motion. The design of the bearing may, for example, provide for free linear movement of the moving part or for free rotation around a fixed axis; or, it may prevent a motion by controlling the vectors of normal forces that bear on the moving parts. Many bearings also facilitate the desired motion as much as possible, such as by minimizing friction. Bearings are classified broadly according to the type of operation, the motions allowed, or to the directions of the loads (forces) applied to the parts.
Angular Contact Bearings - Review Angular contact bearings are constructed such that their races and the bearing balls contact points are at some angle relative to the axis of the operating axis of the bearing.
Ball Bearings Fatigue Life Calculations and Load Ratings Fatigue life calculations assume the dispersion in life of identical ball bearings operating under identical conditions, a statistical result is obtained for bearing fatigue life.
Ball Bearings Application and Standard Designations The single-row deep-groove radial contact ball bearings will take radial load well and some thrust load.
Ball Screw Support Bearings Ball screw is a mechanical linear actuator that translates rotational motion to linear motion with little friction.
Bearing Application Table Chart Bearing design data presented here provides guidelines and reference for the identification of potential bearing application.
Bearings and Lubrication Application Generators Several types of bearings, each with specific lubrication requirements, are

########
Rank: 11
Score: 50.105965
Retrieved Text: The Axon X10 10x15mm Ball Bearings are developed with the optimum ball size for ball bearings, with incredible tolerances that create an incredibly high precision bearing. But, the thing that makes Axon bearings unique is the proprietary coating used on the bearing races that reduces resistance under load and increases durability. The bearings are lubricated with high heat resistant CORE bearing oil to deliver incredible performance.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 50.094933
Retrieved Text: Buy KOYO 6205ZZC3 Ball Bearings - Parts Online Pte.Ltd.
Services & Solutions from Industrial Bearings Solutions range from new machine development and design of KOYO 6205ZZC3 Ball Bearings verification, to reconditioning, Integrated Maintenance Solutions, training and remote monitoring. Industrial Bearings Solutions can help you reduce your operation’s energy usage and improve its sustainability. And Industrial Bearings Solutions will work with you to define where to focus, and how to get the fastest return on your investment for KOYO 6205ZZC3 Ball Bearings.
Building on this knowledge Industrial Bearings Solutions has developed advanced services and technologies to maintain, monitor, repair and optimise your assets throughout their operating life. Providing the optimum replacement KOYO 6205ZZC3 Ball Bearings at the right time and helping our customers to optimize their asset efficiency.
Malaysia Bearing are used in a wide array of industries worldwide including: agriculture, textiles, food and beverage, paper and steel mills and automotive. Customers count on and turn to the Malaysia Bearing for KOYO 6205ZZC3 Ball Bearings that they can rely on to fulfill necessary industrial application requirements. With a wide variety of sizes and styles available, any customer can find a KOYO 6205ZZC3 Ball Bearings to meet their particular requirements.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 49.929985
Retrieved Text: Buy TIMKEN 6026-2RS Ball Bearings - Parts Online Pte.Ltd.
Services & Solutions from Industrial Bearings Solutions range from new machine development and design of TIMKEN 6026-2RS Ball Bearings verification, to reconditioning, Integrated Maintenance Solutions, training and remote monitoring. Industrial Bearings Solutions can help you reduce your operation’s energy usage and improve its sustainability. And Industrial Bearings Solutions will work with you to define where to focus, and how to get the fastest return on your investment for TIMKEN 6026-2RS Ball Bearings.
Building on this knowledge Industrial Bearings Solutions has developed advanced services and technologies to maintain, monitor, repair and optimise your assets throughout their operating life. Providing the optimum replacement TIMKEN 6026-2RS Ball Bearings at the right time and helping our customers to optimize their asset efficiency.
Malaysia Bearing are used in a wide array of industries worldwide including: agriculture, textiles, food and beverage, paper and steel mills and automotive. Customers count on and turn to the Malaysia Bearing for TIMKEN 6026-2RS Ball Bearings that they can rely on to fulfill necessary industrial application requirements. With a wide variety of sizes and styles available, any customer can find a TIMKEN 6026-2RS Ball Bearings to meet their particular requirements.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 49.85248
Retrieved Text: Buy FAFNIR MW204PP FS57658A Precision Ball Bearings - Parts Online Pte.Ltd.
Services & Solutions from Industrial Bearings Solutions range from new machine development and design of FAFNIR MW204PP FS57658A Precision Ball Bearings verification, to reconditioning, Integrated Maintenance Solutions, training and remote monitoring. Industrial Bearings Solutions can help you reduce your operation’s energy usage and improve its sustainability. And Industrial Bearings Solutions will work with you to define where to focus, and how to get the fastest return on your investment for FAFNIR MW204PP FS57658A Precision Ball Bearings.
Building on this knowledge Industrial Bearings Solutions has developed advanced services and technologies to maintain, monitor, repair and optimise your assets throughout their operating life. Providing the optimum replacement FAFNIR MW204PP FS57658A Precision Ball Bearings at the right time and helping our customers to optimize their asset efficiency.
Malaysia Bearing are used in a wide array of industries worldwide including: agriculture, textiles, food and beverage, paper and steel mills and automotive. Customers count on and turn to the Malaysia Bearing for FAFNIR MW204PP FS57658A Precision Ball Bearings that they can rely on to fulfill necessary industrial application requirements. With a wide variety of sizes and styles available, any customer can find a FAFNIR MW204PP FS57658A Precision Ball Bearings to meet their particular requirements.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 49.845974
Retrieved Text: Buy TIMKEN 6012Z Ball Bearings - Parts Online Pte.Ltd.
Services & Solutions from Industrial Bearings Solutions range from new machine development and design of TIMKEN 6012Z Ball Bearings verification, to reconditioning, Integrated Maintenance Solutions, training and remote monitoring. Industrial Bearings Solutions can help you reduce your operation’s energy usage and improve its sustainability. And Industrial Bearings Solutions will work with you to define where to focus, and how to get the fastest return on your investment for TIMKEN 6012Z Ball Bearings.
Building on this knowledge Industrial Bearings Solutions has developed advanced services and technologies to maintain, monitor, repair and optimise your assets throughout their operating life. Providing the optimum replacement TIMKEN 6012Z Ball Bearings at the right time and helping our customers to optimize their asset efficiency.
Malaysia Bearing are used in a wide array of industries worldwide including: agriculture, textiles, food and beverage, paper and steel mills and automotive. Customers count on and turn to the Malaysia Bearing for TIMKEN 6012Z Ball Bearings that they can rely on to fulfill necessary industrial application requirements. With a wide variety of sizes and styles available, any customer can find a TIMKEN 6012Z Ball Bearings to meet their particular requirements.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 49.822254
Retrieved Text: Buy FAFNIR 2MM210WI TUH Precision Ball Bearings - Parts Online Pte.Ltd.
Services & Solutions from Industrial Bearings Solutions range from new machine development and design of FAFNIR 2MM210WI TUH Precision Ball Bearings verification, to reconditioning, Integrated Maintenance Solutions, training and remote monitoring. Industrial Bearings Solutions can help you reduce your operation’s energy usage and improve its sustainability. And Industrial Bearings Solutions will work with you to define where to focus, and how to get the fastest return on your investment for FAFNIR 2MM210WI TUH Precision Ball Bearings.
Building on this knowledge Industrial Bearings Solutions has developed advanced services and technologies to maintain, monitor, repair and optimise your assets throughout their operating life. Providing the optimum replacement FAFNIR 2MM210WI TUH Precision Ball Bearings at the right time and helping our customers to optimize their asset efficiency.
Malaysia Bearing are used in a wide array of industries worldwide including: agriculture, textiles, food and beverage, paper and steel mills and automotive. Customers count on and turn to the Malaysia Bearing for FAFNIR 2MM210WI TUH Precision Ball Bearings that they can rely on to fulfill necessary industrial application requirements. With a wide variety of sizes and styles available, any customer can find a FAFNIR 2MM210WI TUH Precision Ball Bearings to meet their particular requirements.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 49.806747
Retrieved Text: Buy FAFNIR 208P Single Row Ball Bearings - Parts Online Pte.Ltd.
Services & Solutions from Industrial Bearings Solutions range from new machine development and design of FAFNIR 208P Single Row Ball Bearings verification, to reconditioning, Integrated Maintenance Solutions, training and remote monitoring. Industrial Bearings Solutions can help you reduce your operation’s energy usage and improve its sustainability. And Industrial Bearings Solutions will work with you to define where to focus, and how to get the fastest return on your investment for FAFNIR 208P Single Row Ball Bearings.
Building on this knowledge Industrial Bearings Solutions has developed advanced services and technologies to maintain, monitor, repair and optimise your assets throughout their operating life. Providing the optimum replacement FAFNIR 208P Single Row Ball Bearings at the right time and helping our customers to optimize their asset efficiency.
Malaysia Bearing are used in a wide array of industries worldwide including: agriculture, textiles, food and beverage, paper and steel mills and automotive. Customers count on and turn to the Malaysia Bearing for FAFNIR 208P Single Row Ball Bearings that they can rely on to fulfill necessary industrial application requirements. With a wide variety of sizes and styles available, any customer can find a FAFNIR 208P Single Row Ball Bearings to meet their particular requirements.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 49.804623
Retrieved Text: Buy FAFNIR 3MMC9112WI DUL Precision Ball Bearings - Parts Online Pte.Ltd.
Services & Solutions from Industrial Bearings Solutions range from new machine development and design of FAFNIR 3MMC9112WI DUL Precision Ball Bearings verification, to reconditioning, Integrated Maintenance Solutions, training and remote monitoring. Industrial Bearings Solutions can help you reduce your operation’s energy usage and improve its sustainability. And Industrial Bearings Solutions will work with you to define where to focus, and how to get the fastest return on your investment for FAFNIR 3MMC9112WI DUL Precision Ball Bearings.
Building on this knowledge Industrial Bearings Solutions has developed advanced services and technologies to maintain, monitor, repair and optimise your assets throughout their operating life. Providing the optimum replacement FAFNIR 3MMC9112WI DUL Precision Ball Bearings at the right time and helping our customers to optimize their asset efficiency.
Malaysia Bearing are used in a wide array of industries worldwide including: agriculture, textiles, food and beverage, paper and steel mills and automotive. Customers count on and turn to the Malaysia Bearing for FAFNIR 3MMC9112WI DUL Precision Ball Bearings that they can rely on to fulfill necessary industrial application requirements. With a wide variety of sizes and styles available, any customer can find a FAFNIR 3MMC9112WI DUL Precision Ball Bearings to meet their particular requirements.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 49.804623
Retrieved Text: Buy FAFNIR 2MM9322WI QUM Precision Ball Bearings - Parts Online Pte.Ltd.
Services & Solutions from Industrial Bearings Solutions range from new machine development and design of FAFNIR 2MM9322WI QUM Precision Ball Bearings verification, to reconditioning, Integrated Maintenance Solutions, training and remote monitoring. Industrial Bearings Solutions can help you reduce your operation’s energy usage and improve its sustainability. And Industrial Bearings Solutions will work with you to define where to focus, and how to get the fastest return on your investment for FAFNIR 2MM9322WI QUM Precision Ball Bearings.
Building on this knowledge Industrial Bearings Solutions has developed advanced services and technologies to maintain, monitor, repair and optimise your assets throughout their operating life. Providing the optimum replacement FAFNIR 2MM9322WI QUM Precision Ball Bearings at the right time and helping our customers to optimize their asset efficiency.
Malaysia Bearing are used in a wide array of industries worldwide including: agriculture, textiles, food and beverage, paper and steel mills and automotive. Customers count on and turn to the Malaysia Bearing for FAFNIR 2MM9322WI QUM Precision Ball Bearings that they can rely on to fulfill necessary industrial application requirements. With a wide variety of sizes and styles available, any customer can find a FAFNIR 2MM9322WI QUM Precision Ball Bearings to meet their particular requirements.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 49.804623
Retrieved Text: Buy SNR - NTN 7015CVDUJ74 Precision Ball Bearings - Parts Online Pte.Ltd.
Services & Solutions from Industrial Bearings Solutions range from new machine development and design of SNR - NTN 7015CVDUJ74 Precision Ball Bearings verification, to reconditioning, Integrated Maintenance Solutions, training and remote monitoring. Industrial Bearings Solutions can help you reduce your operation’s energy usage and improve its sustainability. And Industrial Bearings Solutions will work with you to define where to focus, and how to get the fastest return on your investment for SNR - NTN 7015CVDUJ74 Precision Ball Bearings.
Building on this knowledge Industrial Bearings Solutions has developed advanced services and technologies to maintain, monitor, repair and optimise your assets throughout their operating life. Providing the optimum replacement SNR - NTN 7015CVDUJ74 Precision Ball Bearings at the right time and helping our customers to optimize their asset efficiency.
Malaysia Bearing are used in a wide array of industries worldwide including: agriculture, textiles, food and beverage, paper and steel mills and automotive. Customers count on and turn to the Malaysia Bearing for SNR - NTN 7015CVDUJ74 Precision Ball Bearings that they can rely on to fulfill necessary industrial application requirements. With a wide variety of sizes and styles available, any customer can find a SNR - NTN 7015CVDUJ74 Precision Ball Bearings to meet their particular requirements.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 49.792793
Retrieved Text: Deep Groove Ball Bearings are noted as the most widely used sort of bearing in the world. These can be operated at high speeds and can also carry radial as well as axial loads. These bearings are commonly employed in compressors, fans, electric motors, and conveyors. Offered with versatility, these can carry radial as well as axial loads. These cost saving products can create less friction torque. On account of their simple design, little operating temperature, and low friction, provided Deep Groove Ball Bearings have a longer predictable shelf life in comparison to other bearings. They do not need extra lubrication after installation, which also means less maintenance interruption.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 49.77538
Retrieved Text: Buy SKF 623-2RS1/LHT23 Ball Bearings - Parts Online Pte.Ltd.
Services & Solutions from Industrial Bearings Solutions range from new machine development and design of SKF 623-2RS1/LHT23 Ball Bearings verification, to reconditioning, Integrated Maintenance Solutions, training and remote monitoring. Industrial Bearings Solutions can help you reduce your operation’s energy usage and improve its sustainability. And Industrial Bearings Solutions will work with you to define where to focus, and how to get the fastest return on your investment for SKF 623-2RS1/LHT23 Ball Bearings.
Building on this knowledge Industrial Bearings Solutions has developed advanced services and technologies to maintain, monitor, repair and optimise your assets throughout their operating life. Providing the optimum replacement SKF 623-2RS1/LHT23 Ball Bearings at the right time and helping our customers to optimize their asset efficiency.
Malaysia Bearing are used in a wide array of industries worldwide including: agriculture, textiles, food and beverage, paper and steel mills and automotive. Customers count on and turn to the Malaysia Bearing for SKF 623-2RS1/LHT23 Ball Bearings that they can rely on to fulfill necessary industrial application requirements. With a wide variety of sizes and styles available, any customer can find a SKF 623-2RS1/LHT23 Ball Bearings to meet their particular requirements.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 49.71271
Retrieved Text: Bearing 71816AC AST has been designed to meet the increasingly demanding requirements of original equipment manufacturers. These bearings have a contact angle so that they can sustain significant axial loads in one direction together with radial loads. Furthermore, since an axial component is generated when a radial load is applied, these bearings are generally used in pairs, triplex sets, quadruplex sets, or multiplex sets.Fastenal Machinery Corporation offers one of the most comprehensive ranges of angular contact ball bearings available.
Bearing 71816AC AST are designed for combination radial and axial loading. Single-row bearings have high thrust capacity in one direction. Some single-row bearings are specifically designed for duplex mounting in sets for maximum performance. Bearing 71816AC AST can accommodate thrust in both directions.
Fastenal Machinery Corporation became the authorized distributor of NACHI in 2001. Bearing Scope: Deep Groove Ball Bearing, Angular Contact Ball Bearing, Four Point Contact Ball Bearing, Self-Aligning Ball Bearing, Thrust Ball Bearing, 71816AC Angular Contact Ball Bearings 2018 latest NACHI,Cylindrical Roller Bearing, Needle Roller Bearing, Taper Roller Bearing, NACHI Bearings, Spherical Roller Bearing, Thrust Roller Bearing, Pillow Block Bearing, Rod End Bearing, Bearing Housings etc.
Due to their internal design, angular contact ball bearings can withstand high radial-axial loads and reach high speeds. They are asymmetrical for manufacturing reasons and can withstand unidirectional axial loads only. 71816AC Angular Contact Ball Bearings 2018 latest NACHI are usually mounted in a group of two or more opposed preloaded units with rigid or elastic spacers. Typically, the inner and outer raceways and balls are made of chrome steel. Where operating

########
Rank: 24
Score: 49.622932
Retrieved Text: Buy FAFNIR 3MM9317WI TUM Precision Ball Bearings - Parts Online Pte.Ltd.
Services & Solutions from Industrial Bearings Solutions range from new machine development and design of FAFNIR 3MM9317WI TUM Precision Ball Bearings verification, to reconditioning, Integrated Maintenance Solutions, training and remote monitoring. Industrial Bearings Solutions can help you reduce your operation’s energy usage and improve its sustainability. And Industrial Bearings Solutions will work with you to define where to focus, and how to get the fastest return on your investment for FAFNIR 3MM9317WI TUM Precision Ball Bearings.
Building on this knowledge Industrial Bearings Solutions has developed advanced services and technologies to maintain, monitor, repair and optimise your assets throughout their operating life. Providing the optimum replacement FAFNIR 3MM9317WI TUM Precision Ball Bearings at the right time and helping our customers to optimize their asset efficiency.
Malaysia Bearing are used in a wide array of industries worldwide including: agriculture, textiles, food and beverage, paper and steel mills and automotive. Customers count on and turn to the Malaysia Bearing for FAFNIR 3MM9317WI TUM Precision Ball Bearings that they can rely on to fulfill necessary industrial application requirements. With a wide variety of sizes and styles available, any customer can find a FAFNIR 3MM9317WI TUM Precision Ball Bearings to meet their particular requirements.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 49.622932
Retrieved Text: Buy FAFNIR 2MM9134WI TUM Precision Ball Bearings - Parts Online Pte.Ltd.
Services & Solutions from Industrial Bearings Solutions range from new machine development and design of FAFNIR 2MM9134WI TUM Precision Ball Bearings verification, to reconditioning, Integrated Maintenance Solutions, training and remote monitoring. Industrial Bearings Solutions can help you reduce your operation’s energy usage and improve its sustainability. And Industrial Bearings Solutions will work with you to define where to focus, and how to get the fastest return on your investment for FAFNIR 2MM9134WI TUM Precision Ball Bearings.
Building on this knowledge Industrial Bearings Solutions has developed advanced services and technologies to maintain, monitor, repair and optimise your assets throughout their operating life. Providing the optimum replacement FAFNIR 2MM9134WI TUM Precision Ball Bearings at the right time and helping our customers to optimize their asset efficiency.
Malaysia Bearing are used in a wide array of industries worldwide including: agriculture, textiles, food and beverage, paper and steel mills and automotive. Customers count on and turn to the Malaysia Bearing for FAFNIR 2MM9134WI TUM Precision Ball Bearings that they can rely on to fulfill necessary industrial application requirements. With a wide variety of sizes and styles available, any customer can find a FAFNIR 2MM9134WI TUM Precision Ball Bearings to meet their particular requirements.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 49.615086
Retrieved Text: Buy NTN 6310ZC3 Single Row Ball Bearings - Parts Online Pte.Ltd.
Services & Solutions from Industrial Bearings Solutions range from new machine development and design of NTN 6310ZC3 Single Row Ball Bearings verification, to reconditioning, Integrated Maintenance Solutions, training and remote monitoring. Industrial Bearings Solutions can help you reduce your operation’s energy usage and improve its sustainability. And Industrial Bearings Solutions will work with you to define where to focus, and how to get the fastest return on your investment for NTN 6310ZC3 Single Row Ball Bearings.
Building on this knowledge Industrial Bearings Solutions has developed advanced services and technologies to maintain, monitor, repair and optimise your assets throughout their operating life. Providing the optimum replacement NTN 6310ZC3 Single Row Ball Bearings at the right time and helping our customers to optimize their asset efficiency.
Malaysia Bearing are used in a wide array of industries worldwide including: agriculture, textiles, food and beverage, paper and steel mills and automotive. Customers count on and turn to the Malaysia Bearing for NTN 6310ZC3 Single Row Ball Bearings that they can rely on to fulfill necessary industrial application requirements. With a wide variety of sizes and styles available, any customer can find a NTN 6310ZC3 Single Row Ball Bearings to meet their particular requirements.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 49.518497
Retrieved Text: Buy SKF 6210-RS1/C3 Ball Bearings - Parts Online Pte.Ltd.
Services & Solutions from Industrial Bearings Solutions range from new machine development and design of SKF 6210-RS1/C3 Ball Bearings verification, to reconditioning, Integrated Maintenance Solutions, training and remote monitoring. Industrial Bearings Solutions can help you reduce your operation’s energy usage and improve its sustainability. And Industrial Bearings Solutions will work with you to define where to focus, and how to get the fastest return on your investment for SKF 6210-RS1/C3 Ball Bearings.
Building on this knowledge Industrial Bearings Solutions has developed advanced services and technologies to maintain, monitor, repair and optimise your assets throughout their operating life. Providing the optimum replacement SKF 6210-RS1/C3 Ball Bearings at the right time and helping our customers to optimize their asset efficiency.
Malaysia Bearing are used in a wide array of industries worldwide including: agriculture, textiles, food and beverage, paper and steel mills and automotive. Customers count on and turn to the Malaysia Bearing for SKF 6210-RS1/C3 Ball Bearings that they can rely on to fulfill necessary industrial application requirements. With a wide variety of sizes and styles available, any customer can find a SKF 6210-RS1/C3 Ball Bearings to meet their particular requirements.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 49.518497
Retrieved Text: Buy FAFNIR MM67EX DUC1 FS223 Precision Ball Bearings - Parts Online Pte.Ltd.
Services & Solutions from Industrial Bearings Solutions range from new machine development and design of FAFNIR MM67EX DUC1 FS223 Precision Ball Bearings verification, to reconditioning, Integrated Maintenance Solutions, training and remote monitoring. Industrial Bearings Solutions can help you reduce your operation’s energy usage and improve its sustainability. And Industrial Bearings Solutions will work with you to define where to focus, and how to get the fastest return on your investment for FAFNIR MM67EX DUC1 FS223 Precision Ball Bearings.
Building on this knowledge Industrial Bearings Solutions has developed advanced services and technologies to maintain, monitor, repair and optimise your assets throughout their operating life. Providing the optimum replacement FAFNIR MM67EX DUC1 FS223 Precision Ball Bearings at the right time and helping our customers to optimize their asset efficiency.
Malaysia Bearing are used in a wide array of industries worldwide including: agriculture, textiles, food and beverage, paper and steel mills and automotive. Customers count on and turn to the Malaysia Bearing for FAFNIR MM67EX DUC1 FS223 Precision Ball Bearings that they can rely on to fulfill necessary industrial application requirements. With a wide variety of sizes and styles available, any customer can find a FAFNIR MM67EX DUC1 FS223 Precision Ball Bearings to meet their particular requirements.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 49.512646
Retrieved Text: Commitment: If we have no the size in stock, it takes about 20 days for us to produce the S687ZZ high precision stainless p5 deep for you if the quantity can be more than 10 tons.
S687ZZ high precision stainless steel deep groove ball bearing. US $0.5-0.59 / Pieces . ... for car high precision 6022 2rs deep groove ball bearing caster precision bearing precision small wheel bearings high precision 6303 zz high precision p0 p6 p5 p4 yantai runlong bearing co timken 6310 bearing 637 high precision bearing suppliers.
Single-row, deep groove radial ball bearings are the most common bearing type, having a wide range of applications. Radial bearings are made with very high levels of precision and used in applications where rotational performance and low torque is necessary, but load is a secondary issue.
stainless steel deep groove ball bearings are resistant to corrosion from moisture and several other media. These single row deep groove ball bearings have the same deep raceway grooves and close conformity between raceways and balls as standard deep groove ball bearings made of carbon chromium (rolling bearing) steel.
nsk stainless ball bearing S6203RS, US $ 0.5 - 90 / Piece, Deep Groove, Ball, 5 - 140 mm.Source from Jinan Ruihode Bearing Co., Ltd. on Alibaba.
seekpart› …› Ball Bearings› Deep Groove Ball Bearing Our headquarters company whitch is specialized in manufacturing deep groove ball bearings is located in Liaocheng,Shandong. With superior quality,abundant stock and excellent service, we are confident to meet even exceed your expectation.
bearings, thin section bearings and stainless steel bearings. Sapporo Precision

================



======= Instance Index 4650 =========
Input Text: John plays chess with his roommate They make one move each between classes.  Where is his chess set most likely set up?
Choose the most suitable option to answer the above question.
Options:
- canada
- cupboard
- dorm
- sitting room
- drawer

Target Text: dorm

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 52.919014
Retrieved Text: I am not a very good chess player. My younger brother once beat me in three moves. He was 15 at the time. But I have a healthy respect for the game, its concept and strategy, and I relish books where chess plays an integral role (Katherine Neville‘s The Eight and Eloisa James‘ Desperate Duchesses / This Duchess of Mine come immediately to mind). But most of all I love the pieces. I own three different Lewis Chessmen replicas.
But I had never heard of Fairy Chess. It was only through accidental Googling that I came across it at all. It makes perfect sense that chess set makers would create a fantasy chess set, and the imagination immediately runs off with all the rook and the queen can be. And even though I really don’t play (see above about my chess career prospects), I now want this set (pictured above) rather badly.
Of course the knight would be a unicorn. Or course fairies would battle in the air, suspended above a meadow and stream. Of course.
But this is not Fairy Chess at all. This is a chess set where the characters are made up of Fairy characters. Fairy chess is much much different. Fairy chess is not conventional chess, and I imagine my wonderful Lewis Queen with her hand to her cheek in shock over the bastardization. Fairy Chess is a variant of traditional chess, known in Fairy Chess circles as Orthodox Chess, sometimes in the form of a game, but mostly it’s comprised of chess problems.
Original Staunton

########
Rank: 1
Score: 51.758766
Retrieved Text: Chess is one of the oldest games of mankind. It emerged in the XV century in Europe. The game is a great ally of learning and from 2017 chess lessons began to form part of Cycle International School curriculum.
game in the school ambience. The organization even created a School Chess Committee to discuss the issue.
• Development of reasoning and concetration:the board game allows a series of different moves. But for this, the childs must first understand his rules and stay focused on his opponent move. The main characteristics of chess is the ease with which the child can develop concetration, is a fundamental factor for this game.
• Develop patience:the childs are imperative and can do many tasks at the same time. The eagerness to know the world is one of the main characteristics at this stage. In an increasingly connected and multitasking world, childrens chess is counterpoint. During a move, for example, you have to wait for your opponent movement to plan the next step.
• Instigates the imagination:the board allows infinite possibilities of moving the pieces. During the game childs can work on creativity better to structure plays.
The benefits of chess can be lifelong, used on many occasions and circumstances, going beyond entertainment. The chess classes held at Cycle take place every Friday and are taught by André Santiago teacher.
During the classes the childs learned the names and functions of each of the pieces. The basic moves are taught gradually until childs feel free to start the classic game.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 50.501247
Retrieved Text: In Coquille, there were knights mobilizing with musical interludes from their trusty steeds, kings running for their lives and dramatic sword fights to the death.
Tyler Overby, the white king, conquers Mason Collard who plays a black pawn.
Saturday, October 8th, the chess clubs of Coquille, Myrtle Point, Coos Bay and North Bend celebrated National Chess Day with a “living chess board.” Coquille’s Figaro Pizza kindly loaned out their parking lot for the day. The chess club members arrived several hours early to draw out a “life size” chess board with chalk.
Loaned costumes were handed out and pawns were dressed in black or white garbage bags. With permanent markers, the garbage bags were labeled “I am a pawn”, “Coos County Celebrities” Dian Courtright of the Coquille Sentinel and John Gunther of the World were given cardboard boxes decorated by the CREATE art students to represent rooks. Coquille Police Chief Janice Blue wore a black sweatsuit and was given her Dollar Tree shield and balloon sword to become a simple pawn. Tim Novotny of KCBY was assisted into his Queen of Hearts dress and wig so he could represent the white queen. He was instructed to boldly cry out “off with their heads” as pieces are captured.
The first game was between arch rivals Jessi Ross, the lead board of the Coquille Varsity team and Shawn Putas, the lead board of the Marshfield Varsity team. They were the masters to move the living pieces. Misty Huffman was the chess board traffic cop making sure the pieces moved to the appropriate

########
Rank: 3
Score: 49.962456
Retrieved Text: It is simply a story in need of good telling, says Eric Hicks, chess teacher and hero to thousands of elementary school children, teachers and administrators.
Imagine a king and a queen so vain they never stand next to their knights because knights are their horses. Horses stink and fling spit on their clothes.
As for pawns, they are wimps. Pawns can march only forward; if allowed to go backward they would run home to their mommies.
The roomful of second-graders at Valencia Elementary School in Laguna Hills giggles and claps at their chess lesson.
Hicks, 26, created Academic Chess, a program that teaches chess in elementary schools. He figures he has introduced chess to about 12,000 students in Orange County.
"The kids play all the time, at recess, lunchtime, before and after school," says Mickey Shannon, second-grade teacher at Valencia.
The generation raised on Super Nintendo and computer games is finding a whole new thrill in the face-to-face challenge of the staid old board game.
"Now there's something fun to do at recess," says Jenny Lynn, 11.
"I play at home, but it's more fun to play here with my friends," says Daniel Espinoza, 11.
On Friday nights, Hicks sponsors tournaments where hundreds of students show up to play chess and munch pizza for three hours.
"It's crazy, and without the pizza, the whole things would probably fall apart," Hicks says. "But it's great to have so many kids playing chess."
Hicks says it's his destiny to teach kids to play chess, an unlikely life for a high school dropout.
Hicks is a senior at John F.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 49.286858
Retrieved Text: Gliński's hexagonal chess by Władysław Gliński (1936) was popular in Eastern Europe with a reported half-million players. It is one of more than 2,000 published chess variants.
different chessboard (larger or smaller, non-square board shape overall or different intra-board cell shapes such as hexagons).
Regional chess games, some of which are older than Western chess, such as chaturanga, shatranj, xiangqi and shogi, are typically called chess variants in the Western world. They have some similarities to chess and share a common game ancestor.
The number of possible chess variants is virtually unlimited. Confining the number to published variants, D. B. Pritchard, author of The Encyclopedia of Chess Variants, estimates there are well over 2,000.
In the context of chess problems, chess variants are called fantasy chess, heterodox chess or fairy chess. Some chess variants are used only in problem composition and not in actual play.
These chess variants are derived from chess by changing the board, setup, pieces or rules.
In these variants, the starting position is different, but otherwise the board, pieces and rules are the same. In most such variants the pawns are placed on their usual squares, but the position of other pieces is either randomly determined or selected by the players. The motivation for these variants is to nullify established opening knowledge. The downside of these variants is that the initial position has usually less harmony and balance than the standard chess position.
Chess960 (or Fischer Random Chess): The placement of the pieces on the first rank is randomised, with the opponent's pieces mirroring it. Invented by Bobby Fischer

########
Rank: 5
Score: 49.261326
Retrieved Text: > Chess > Beginner > CHESS ASAP!
This easy-to-read primer shows, step by step, all the information readers need to sit down and play chess ASAP! Everything necessary to play the game is contained here—the rules of play, how to set up the board and move the pieces, plus chess notation (it’s easy!), speed chess, competing in tournaments for cash and prizes and becoming a rated chess player.
Fifteen power-packed chapters and 135 chess diagrams cover everything—from the most effective opening moves and why they’re the best plays to make, to traps and tactics for capturing pieces, to the strategies players need to checkmate opponents. Avery Cardoza reveals the secrets of smart chess play including clever ways to save hopelessly lost games, and talks about his adventures playing—and beating—New York City chess hustlers, and taking on the U.S. Chess Champion in a prearranged match.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 49.10077
Retrieved Text: A chess set in the array, or starting position.
In a competitive game, a clock is used. Each player has an equal overall time for the game, and decides how best to use the time given.
Libro de los juegos, Alfonso X of Castile, showing Muslim playing Christian.
Chess is a board game for two players. It is played in a square board, made of 64 smaller squares, with eight squares on each side. Each player starts with sixteen pieces: eight pawns, two knights, two bishops, two rooks, one queen and one king. The goal of the game is for each player to try and checkmate the king of the opponent. Checkmate is a threat ('check') to the opposing king which no move can stop. It ends the game.
During the game the two opponents take turns to move one of their pieces to a different square of the board. One player ('White') has pieces of a light color; the other player ('Black') has pieces of a dark color. There are rules about how pieces move, and about taking the opponent's pieces off the board. The player with white pieces always makes the first move. Because of this, White has a small advantage, and wins more often than Black in tournament games.
Chess is popular and is often played in competitions called chess tournaments. It is enjoyed in many countries, and is a national hobby in Russia.
Most historians agree that the game of chess was first played in northern India during the Gupta Empire in the 6th century AD. This early

########
Rank: 7
Score: 48.597233
Retrieved Text: Bobby Fischer (March 9th 1943 - January 17th 2008) the Grandmaster was no doubt the chess legend and realistically no one has succeeded him yet. Undefeated chess champion for four years, he had his top rating in July 1972. He was the one who proposed the chess timing system and the new Random Chess or Chess960, which was followed years later by the chess players all over the world.
Fischer suggested the dual clock game method where a specific time interval is allotted to each player. Before the next move, this interval is raised for the current move and this time was added to the remaining time interval (if any) from the previous moves. For example, if a player makes a quicker move saving the time fragment designated to him the left over time would be carried forward which can be used in the future moves. There has also been a derivative method where the clock timing is added after the player has made a move and the interval is added to the left over time of the player. In case any player is unable to make his move within the allotted time, the game would end. This method of allotting time was found to be very advantageous to avoid the unnecessary delay in the game.
Another amendment in chess conceived and supported by Fischer was Random Chess or Chess960, where the basic rules of chess apply. However, the only difference is the opening positions are generated in a random way and since it provides 960 possible board

########
Rank: 8
Score: 48.42423
Retrieved Text: Last year for Christmas, Samantha gave me a really awesome gift: Harry Potter Wizard Chess with a coupon for lessons from Noelle until I became an expert. Nearly a year later and I finally started cashing in on that coupon!
I've never played chess other than on the computer, where it tells you how to move. I would just randomly move the pieces around without any knowledge of what I was supposed to actually be doing. I guess I always knew you had to get to the king, but other than that, I had no clue.
To me, there is absolutely no better chess set to learn to play on than the Harry Potter Wizard Chess set! The set is designed after the one that the trio plays on while trying to find Quirrell Snape through the trap door. It would have been extra awesome if they would crush each other, but I guess that probably is a little ways off, huh? And I guess it would probably be a one-time game since they're pretty violent!
The pieces are made of plastic and are quite heavy duty. The white pieces are made to look like marble and the black pieces are just solid black. The board itself folds out and is pretty basic, which is fine since I think the actual chess pieces should be the star of the show. John was collecting the Marvel and DC monthly chess pieces himself and the board you could get was along the same lines. Unless you pay for a couple-hundred-dollar set,

########
Rank: 9
Score: 48.306328
Retrieved Text: Isaac Asimov was born on January 2, 1920. In his lifetime, he wrote 470 books. Some of his science fiction stories mentioned chess.
One of his first science fiction stories, Nightfall, written in 1941, contains a reference to chess. A multi-chess board was set up and a six-member game was started. "The men about the table had brought out a multi-chess board and started a six member game. Moves were made rapidly and in silence. All eyes bent in furious concentration on the board." In 1968, the Science Fiction Writers of America voted Nightfall the best science fiction short story ever written. When the book was expanded into a novel, multi-chess had been changed to stochastic chess.
His first published novel, Pebble in the Sky, published in 1950, propelled a man thousands of years into the future. The only thing that did not change, after thousands of years, was the game of chess. The novel also mentioned variants of chess such as 3-D chess, and chess played with dice.
In his 1953 book, Second Foundation, he wrote, “But she had died. Less than five years, all told, it had been; and after that he knew that he could live only by fighting that vague and fearful enemy that deprived him of the dignity of manhood by controlling his destiny; that made life a miserable struggle against a foreordained end; that made all the universe a hateful and deadly chess game. But there was no way of making the people suddenly disbelieve what they had believed all their lives, so

########
Rank: 10
Score: 48.105217
Retrieved Text: Think•Move Chess Academy offers special classes to varying ages and skill levels. All classes last a total of six weeks , one hour each, where participants come in once a week. In all classes, time is divided for lecture, practice and supplemental activities.
This is a perfect class for students starting from scratch. In this class students will learn the movements of all the chess pieces as well as the most important chess rules: check, checkmate, and stalemate. By the end of the class students should be able to confidently set up a chess board, move pieces legally, and fully understand the difference between, check, checkmate, and stalemate.
This class is great for students who know how to move all of the pieces, and has some idea of what check, checkmate, and stalemate is, but not much else. The students in this class will master several common, but critical, checkmating techniques, such as: the Helpers Mate, King and Queen v King Mate, Ladder Mate, and Bank Rank Mate. In addition, students will learn the very important special rules: promotion, en passant, and castling. By the end of this class, students should be able to confidently play a legal game of chess!
This class will pick up where the Beginner II class left off. Students will begin by reviewing the special rules and a few basic, but important, mating patterns. The students will then dive into some of the most critical chess strategies & tactics every beginner chess player should know: the value of pieces, looking out for hanging pieces,

########
Rank: 11
Score: 47.955826
Retrieved Text: In The Machine, playwright Matt Charman and director Josie Rourke turn the 1997 chess match between grandmaster Garry Kasparov and IBM’s Deep Blue computer into a lively, riveting, edge-of-your-seat multimedia sports event. With the audience sitting on raised bleachers on all four sides of the stage in the Park Avenue Armory’s massive Wade Thompson Drill Hall, Kasparov (Hadley Fraser) battles Deep Blue, operated by its cocreator Dr. Feng-Hsiung Hsu (Kenneth Lee). As the hard-fought six-game match continues, flashbacks reveal critical moments in the main competitors’ lives. Kasparov, who lost his father at a young age, is still a child when he takes on grandmaster Anatoly Karpov (Cornelius Booth), his mother (Francesca Annis) determined to have him be accepted to Karpov’s famous school. Hsu, at Carnegie Mellon, teams up with fellow student Murray Campbell (Trevor White) to attempt to improve a chess computer built by their professor, Dr. Hans Berliner (John Ramm), while struggling to commit to his cheerleader girlfriend, Tamsin (Antonia Bernath). During the match itself, cameras move around Lucy Osborne’s inventive set, projecting images onto an overhead Jumbotron while a pair of announcers detail the action. Two of the most thrilling moments occur when at first chessboards, then computers are pushed around the square stage along lighted tracks, beautifully choreographed scenes (by Jonathan Watkins) that continue the theme of man vs. machine, equating the two fields. Fraser plays Kasparov with a nervous energy that highlights his growing fear and worry as the games go on, while Lee’s Hsu is jumpy and awkward as he gives

########
Rank: 12
Score: 47.819916
Retrieved Text: "Well, it's really heaven here. There are tournaments and blitz sessions going on all the time and Morphy, Alekhine, Lasker, Tal, Capablanca, Botvinnik, Fischer, they're all here, and you can play them."
"You have Black against Fischer on Saturday."
"No, no, he isn't that clever. I'm leading by three games to one, and he always plays the Colle and the Four Paws Attack!"
Queen Elizabeth II sees why she likes the game of chess - "the king is stationary, the queen has all the power".
"So I was having dinner with world chess champion Magnus Carlsen - Problem was, we had a checkered tablecloth and it took him two hours to pass the salt!"
- My wife says that if tomorrow I go to the chess match, it will take my children and it will leave me.
- And what you will do?
- pawn to king four, as always!
How do you make a small fortune in chess? Start out with a large one!
The opening 1.Na3 is known as the sodium assault.
I was playing chess with a friend of mine the other day, and he says, "Let's make this interesting." So we stopped playing chess.
Why are chess champions such good matchmakers?
Because they always find mates for their opponents!
Q:Why should you never buy a house from a chess player? A:Because they take ages to move.
What is the difference between a large cheese pizza and a chess Grandmaster?
Two chess players are playing a correspondence game. White lives at the South Pole. Black lives in Alaska. The postal service is rather slow and play proceeds at

########
Rank: 13
Score: 47.514996
Retrieved Text: Steve Paulson: That ‘s Shaun Alexander during his magic year. He was MVP and led his team to the Super Bowl. And it turns out he wasn ‘t just a great football player. He loves the game of chess. We ‘re digging into our archives this hour. I interviewed Shaun the year he won his MVP award.
Shaun Alexander: I think the biggest thing was the feel of it. Like, I started to think down the road and I noticed, like, well, wait a minute, and I started making everything almost like the chess board, like how I play the football game. Like, if I take two steps this way, I can get this guy to move here and the linebacker to move here. I can come back here, and it ‘s going to work, you know. With family ok, if I make this decision with my wife, then the kids will act like this, and they ‘ll be like this, and this will be success. I like the chess for the good thinking patterns for life.
Paulson: So there really are some similarities, I guess, between chess and football. I mean, it really is about conquering the opposition, and it has to do there ‘s a lot of strategy involved in moving around all the different pieces on the playing field.
Alexander: Totally. Like, when people get with me and they ‘re like, Gosh, you look like you just set up every running play that you have on the football field, and I ‘m, like, yeah. You know,

########
Rank: 14
Score: 47.414417
Retrieved Text: After this previous tournament, I conducted a tournament between various versions of the top engines under the same settings with more games. The results are shown below. Congrats to the stockfish team for winning this tournament!
I computed the perft number for 8x8 checkers for depth 24 with the same distributed implementation I used earlier for depths up to 23. Below you see the perft breakdown per move (called "divide") from the initial position for depths 22, 23, and 24.
I conducted a full tournament between 17 currently available UCI engines for Android as well as the simple built-in Java engine. The tournament consisted of pair-wise matches between all engines for 10 games with random book opening play, one second-per-move, 32MB hash, and 8MB tablebases cache with the 3- and 4-piece Nalimov, Gaviota, Scorpio, Robbobases endgames on SD card. The 1530 games lasted about two days running full time on a Nexus One phone (without a single crash!). The results are shown below.
A test tournament between different versions of Miguel Ballicora's Gaviota and Michel Van den Bergh's GNU chess.
And another test tournament between different versions of Jan Brouwer's Rotor and Ben-Hur Carlos Vieira Langoni Jr.'s RedQueen.
Another test tournament between different Android Stockfish versions and compilations (from Jim Ablett and myself).
I am generalizing the engine match feature in Chess for Android into an engine tournament feature, where several engines can be invited at once, after which the GUI plays matches between all engine pairs. To test this new feature, I ran a tournament between a few of the Android

########
Rank: 15
Score: 47.373512
Retrieved Text: “I am deeply assured that there is nothing coincidental in chess, though it still remains just a game,” said the ninth World Chess Champion, Armenian grandmaster Tigran Petrosian. His play was indeed clearly thought-out and weighed. He calculated combinations many moves ahead, taking into account not only his but also the opponent’s positions.
In chess, he sometimes was overly peace-loving, preferring technical methods to open confrontation. Some people would even think that he lacks “fighting” qualities. This opinion was incorrect since Petrosian respected and overestimated his opponents, even if they were clearly weaker players than him.
There is nothing coincidental in chess, as Petrosian said… One day, he defeated Boris Spassky, a prominent chess grandmaster, the tenth World Chess Champion.
Petrosian got first acquainted with chess in a Young Pioneer camp. Initially, he played both chess and checkers, but he would give preference to chess after meeting the young chess players at the Tbilisi Young Pioneer Palace. His mentor became Archil Ebralidze, at the time the coach of other future skillful chess players. At first, Ebralidze underestimated the talent of Petrosian. However, Petrosian would be able to not only meet his mentor’s hopes but also exceed his expectations.
Making the first steps of his career, Petrosian demonstrated entertaining positional play. Of course, he was also a great tactician, being able to quickly figure out the opponent’s moves. Petrosian knew when to sacrifice a piece as well. An outstanding chess player, Petrosian was considering logic the most important component of chess.
Tigran Petrosian has been engaged in chess most of his life.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 47.319984
Retrieved Text: However, the world of chess clocks can be a daunting one, especially to beginners although even the most experienced professionals sometimes have problems getting to grips with new clocks and time control ideas that are cooked up by some of the most innovative organizers.
In this article, I want to try and provide an understanding of what is meant by various chess clock related chess terms such as increment, flag, 40/2, Bronstein, time-delay, analog, etc. Let’s start with the basic information needed to understand a chess clock and how that relates into the chess world.
Each chess clock needs to some basic pieces of information. The ability to show who’s move it is, how much time both players have remaining in the game and the ability to show when each player has run out of time, commonly known as a “flag.” A chess clock also needs a mechanism that allows one player to stop his time from running, which also concurrently starts his opponent’s time counting down.
Let us take a basic game of chess and give each player one hour to complete the entire game. The game is started by the player with the black pieces starting white’s clock, usually by pressing a button on his side of the clock. White’s one hour starts counting down, 1 hour… 59 minutes, 59 seconds… 59 minutes, 58 seconds, etc. White makes his move then presses his button which stops his time from counting down and begins Black’s time. Black’s clock then starts counting down the same way until he makes

########
Rank: 17
Score: 47.267826
Retrieved Text: Where did chess originate from?
India. Chess is believed to have originated in India. The game was reported in 6th century as a gift of Indian raja to Persian shah Khosrau I Anushiruwān. Original Indian chaturanga was a base of local chatrang, and after Arab conquest of Persian empire it was brought by them to Europe, where it evolved into current form.
What happens if a chess player wants to promote his pawn to a queen (after reaching the eighth rank), but his queen is still on the chessboard?
He may use any item as the extra queen. Since the queen is the most powerful piece, the vast majority of promotions in practical play are to a queen. If the queen is not available, the official rules are that the player should stop the game clock and summon the arbiter for the correct piece. In casual play, an upside-down rook may be used to designate a queen. Some finer sets do include an extra queen of each color.
Which pieces in the game of chess are involved in castling?
What do we call a chess match in which a chess player plays simultaneously with many opponents?
Simultaneous exhibition. A simultaneous exhibition allows playing chess games by amateurs or weaker players with a chess champion.
What does 'checkmate' literally mean?
King is helpless. The term is an alteration of the Persian phrase "Shāh Māt". It is a common misconception that it means "the King is dead", as chess reached Europe via the Islamic world, and Arabic māta means "died".
How many white squares are on the

########
Rank: 18
Score: 47.19451
Retrieved Text: The objective: The main goal of this project is to create an effective algorithm for finding the best move in a given chess position. This algorithm will consist of a series of step-by-step tests and avoids the use of intuition or the need for a theoretical chess background.
The materials I used were a chess set and chessboard, various positions from The Art of Planning in Chess and other chess books, Fritz 11 and ChessDiagrammer chess software, and a pencil or pen. In order to create my first algorithmic component, I analyzed various chess positions where tactical motifs, or types of tactics, were present and investigated the interactions and relationships between the pieces involved in the tactics. Geometrically defining these relationships enabled me to create a series of step-by-step methods a player can use to determine whether he can execute any tactics. For my second component, the Positional Evaluator, I studied annotated chess games and classified plans that were employed in those games under certain categories based on their purposes and goals. By examining these plans I was able to extract certain relationships between the pieces involved in the plan and other points and lines on the board. I again used these relationships to create various tests chess players can use to determine whether he should implement a certain type of plan. I tested my algorithm on many different instances from master games and in each instance a strong move was found.
I successfully created an algorithm for finding the best move in any chess position that does

########
Rank: 19
Score: 47.015877
Retrieved Text: What's the difference between after school chess clubs and classes at chess schools?
It's same one hour exposure to chess. Is there any difference?
As a coach, I teach at both after-school clubs and at my own chess school. As a parent, I send my children to both after-school clubs and some classes outside school. I can tell you there are big difference between the two.
First, different student groups. At after-school clubs, the students are (in)volunteering to attend the clubs. The parents have difficulty to pick the children, so they just want to find some interesting or meaningful activity for their children. The children may or may not like chess. They have very little motivation to improve. For classes at chess school, it's the opposite. The students are self-selected. They want to learn and they want to improve. If your child wants to learn chess, which environment you want him/her in?
Second, most after-school clubs are just one quarter or at most one year. The teachers know their assignments are just 6, 8, or 10 weeks. They don't have long term vision. It's just a short term assignment. So they don't have any plan. Every quarter, they just repeat the material. They don't and can't care much about students' progress.
Third, when everyone has very low target, students have little motivation, and teachers are just fulfilling the contract, what can we expect? Most after-school clubs will always have beginners. Anyone who gets better will leave the club, because they don't want to waste any time anymore. This is a reality

########
Rank: 20
Score: 46.95486
Retrieved Text: After three previous interviews with people with a visual impairment I expected my interlocutor in Paris to arrive with an eye-seeing dog too at the location where we would meet. However, in advance I had noticed no other blind persons with such a dog in Paris. Bernard arrived without a dog too. Dogs can get ill, you have to take care of them. Okay, with some directions about how to walk safely from my side we crossed the zebra to a café near the Bastille where Bernard told his story.
Bernard was born in Rijsel (Lille) in 1946, near the border between France and Belgium. He speaks Dutch at a satisfying level. At the age of 11 he got glaucoma which caused complete blindness. It didnt prevent him to live a full and adventourous life. I was too young to make problems of my disability. My mother had more problems with it. I followed seven years of special education and started a study physiotherapy at the Association Valentin Haüy in Paris afterwards.
Wasn't it difficult to work as a physiotherapist in Sweden?
Paris is a chaotic city with crowded traffic at many spots. Traffic that doesnt always follow the traffic rules. Im always very careful when I have to walk crowded crosspoints there. Bernard has to be even more careful of course. Which other obstacles does he meet while walking around in Paris? Most complicated for me are cars that are parked on the pavement. The Paris inner subway of the RATP is very well accessible. Which is far

########
Rank: 21
Score: 46.783398
Retrieved Text: The immortal game was a chess game played in 1851 by Adolf Anderssen and Lionel Kieseritzky. It is one of the most famous chess games of all time.
Adolf Anderssen was one of the strongest players of his time, and was considered by many to be the world champion after winning the 1851 London tournament. Lionel Kieseritzky lived in France much of his life, where he gave chess lessons, and played games for five francs an hour at the Café de la Regence in Paris. Kieseritzky was well known for being able to beat lesser players despite handicapping himself - by playing without his queen, for example.
The immortal game was an informal one, played between these two great players at the Simpson's-in-the-Strand Divan in London. Kieseritzky was very impressed when the game was over, and telegraphed the moves of the game to his Parisian chess club. The French chess magazine La Regence published the game in July 1851. This game was later nicknamed "The Immortal Game" in 1855 by the Austrian Ernst Falkbeer.
The immortal game has resurfaced in many unusual guises. The town of Marostica, Italy has replayed the immortal game with live players, dressed as a chess pieces, every year from September 2, 1923. The position after the 20th move is on a 1984 stamp from Surinam. The final part of the game was used as an inspiration for the chess game in the 1982 science fiction movie Blade Runner, though the chessboards used in the film are not arranged exactly the same as those in

########
Rank: 22
Score: 46.702957
Retrieved Text: Is 2.Qh5 the future of chess?
9/20/2005 – The young American star Nakamura has recently played 2.Qh5 after 1.e4 e5 and 1.e4 c5. What will he do next? IMs Jacob Aagaard and John Shaw discuss this and anything else of interest in the world of chess. The show starts on Wednesday at 20.30 CET.
The Radio ChessBase lectures by Aagaard and Shaw begin every Wednesday at 20:30h CEST (European Central time = server time, which translates to 19:30h GMT, 2:30 p.m. New York, 04:30 a.m. Sydney (on Thursday). You can use Fritz or any Fritz-compatible program (Shredder, Junior, Tiger, Hiarcs) to follow the lectures, or download a free trial client.
From a home studio in Glasgow, International Master Jacob Aagaard and IM John Shaw will comment on recent and past chess events in a weekly Radio Show on the ChessBase server. The show runs on Wednesdays at 20:30 server time (20.30h CET, 18.30h GMT, 13.30 US East Coast time).
IM Jacob Aagaard is one of the best known chess writers. His personal favourites among his own works are Excelling at Chess Calculation and Excelling at Technical Chess, both published by Everyman Chess, as well as Experts vs. the Sicilian by Quality Chess Europe and Attacking Chess 1&2 (CDs) by Chessbase. Jacob has in 2004 made three GM norms and hopes to gain the necessary 50 Elo points for the GM title in 2005.
IM John Shaw has written two books for Everyman Chess and co-edited Experts vs. the Sicilian. He has represented Scotland on many occasions, recently in the Olympiad in

########
Rank: 23
Score: 46.69291
Retrieved Text: Please find enclosed help file(chm file) in chinese chess giant setup program for more details.
1. How about chinese chess Giant 's AI level?
This software is strong as chinese chess stoneman.
2. Can I use this software normally if my computer is not fast enough?
Sure, you can run this software fluently on CPU 400M or above , 256M memory or above. Of course, if computer is faster, this software will be faster.Minimum System Requirements: 166 Mhz processor,64 MB of RAM,10 MB of free disk space,Microsoft Windows NT 4/2000/XP/Vista.
3.What is the main features of this game?
It supports playing chess by human-computer, human-human, computer-computer with powerful intelligence. You may set its intelligence level as you like. CCGiant may fit either a beginner or an expert. You may have a private master to improve yourself. Automatic playing chess features inside. Operation is very simple. Almost any other chess software or client of online games, including MoveSky.net, OurGame.com, ChinaGames.net, QQ, 263.net, etc., can be connected. You may select "challenge¡± mode in the game. On the way to Prophet, your volition will be chastened and you may get rapid progress. The mode includes nine tests, which become more and more difficult. A title will be awarded after qualifying each test. At last, you may challenge the final boss-PROPHET! If you defeat the boss, you may get the greatest royal title and own an expert ability involuntarily.
4. How to play a lower level?
If CCGiant is too strong for you, you have a few possibilities: Set the strength lower in the Options/Time Control menu. For

########
Rank: 24
Score: 46.63205
Retrieved Text: The game of chess--or at least its earliest precursors, which were played in China and Persia--has existed for nearly 1500 years. Not until Victorian times, however, did the game become organized--and a British gent, Howard Staunton, was greatly responsible for that.
In the early 1800s, no chess leagues or chess federations existed anywhere in the world. In Britain, particularly in London, masters of the game enjoyed playing one another at various chess meeting rooms. If the masters played amateurs, handicaps were employed. But chess games were not organized, and certainly there were no organizations that helped young players develop their skills. At this time, London and Paris were chess centers, and many skilled foreign players moved to these cities to partake of chess culture. The great names that arose in London were Steinitz, Lowenthal, Gunsberg, Zukertort, and Staunton--Howard Staunton. Indeed, it was Staunton, through publications and promotion, who helped London alone become the world chess center during the Victorian era.
Staunton organized and raised funds for the world's first international chess tournament, which took place in London in 1851. (A few years later, he also helped write the international chess laws.) Staunton arranged this international chess tournament in 1851 for the World Industrial Great Exhibition, which London was hosting that year--an event showcasing technology and culture from around the world. The chess tournament was a great success, but Staunton failed to capture first-place prize; Adolf Anderssen did. He also failed to capture the runner-up prize--losing that to a former pupil. Despite the setback, Staunton remained the kingpin of

########
Rank: 25
Score: 46.570183
Retrieved Text: Chess and music are often related with other arts. Here you have some examples.
2,00 A chess player 2009 Novel (chess) Julio Castedo Diego Padilla was beginning to reap success in chess, but the ravages of the civil war and the misery of the postwar period made him go into exile in France. It will have to start again overcoming the ravages of competition and love.
3,00 A game at chess 1997 Novel (chess) Thomas Middleton Through a great metaphor related to the competitive world of chess, A Game at Chess presents a scandalous socio-political history as a satire on the relations of the government with the big businessmen in contemporary politics.
4,00 A Note of Madness 2007 Novel (music) Tabitha Suzuma Flynn is one of the best piano students of the Royal College of Music. He performs wonderful performances in different concerts and has an active social life with great friends, so he does not understand why he feels his life is shattered. The pressure for the next concert and the worries about his family and friends make his feeling worse.
5,00 A Russian passion (Una pasión rusa) 2015 Novel (music) Reyes Monforte As a novel, it tells the story of the Spanish singer Lina Codina, muse and wife of Sergei Prokofiev and how her life went from the luxuries of a high class life to being accused by the Stalinist regime and taken to a concentration camp.
6,00 A violin for Elijah 2017 Novel (music) V. S. Paterson Young Elijah Grossman is on his way to becoming a famous

########
Rank: 26
Score: 46.53352
Retrieved Text: A chess engine is a computer program designed to be used by many chess programs to evaluate a position. A chess engine analyzes chess positions and makes decisions on the best chess moves. Different engines have different playing strengths and often are designed to excel at specific types of evaluations, such as endgames. Today, chess engines can beat 99.9% of human players on modern hardware. Chess engines are not tested in a series of engine vs. engine battles.
Chess engines are good for analyzing games and using it as a playing partner. Chess engines support one or both major protocols called Chess Engine Communication Protocol, such as Tim Mann’s WinBoard (Windows)/XBoard (Unix), or Huber and Meyer-Kahlen’s Universal Chess Interface (UCI). Chess engines increase in playing strength each year due to the increase in processing power that enables calculations to be made to greater depths or ply in a given time. Some chess engines use endgame tablebases to increase their playing strength during the endgame.
A chess engine plays its best move by calculating thousands of positions a second. It is quick and accurate. The average player or beginner cannot do that. He must learn the various concepts and ideas of chess to understand a particular position. The improvement in chess depends on how well you understand a particular position.
A serious player uses computer engines to test new ideas in an opening or in a position, or for analyzing an old game or for preparing against an opponent. Computer engines look at several variations several moves deep to come

########
Rank: 27
Score: 46.528965
Retrieved Text: From left, a white king, black rook and queen, white pawn, black knight, and white bishop in a set of Staunton chess pieces.
Chess is an abstract strategy board game and mental sport for two players. The object of the game is to checkmate the opponent's king. This occurs when the king is under immediate attack (in check) and there is no way to remove it from attack on the next move.
Chess is one of the world's most popular board games; it is played both recreationally and competitively in clubs, tournaments, online, and by mail or e-mail ( correspondence chess).
Many variants and relatives of chess are played throughout the world. The most popular are xiangqi in China and shogi in Japan. Other national chess variants include janggi in Korea and makruk in Thailand. The game described in this article is sometimes known as Western Chess or International Chess to distinguish it from other variants.
The position of the pieces at the start of a game of chess.
A typical Staunton-design chess set and clock.
Chess is played on a square board of eight rows (called ranks) and eight columns (called files) of squares. The colors of the sixty-four squares alternate between light and dark, and are referred to as "light squares" and "dark squares".
Each player begins the game with sixteen pieces which can move in defined directions, and in some instances, limited range, and can remove (capture) other pieces from the board: each player's pieces comprise eight pawns, two knights, two bishops, two rooks, one queen and one king. One

########
Rank: 28
Score: 46.317398
Retrieved Text: Cataloging chess moves and scenarios allows University at Buffalo professor Kenneth Regan to determine the likelihood of cheating in chess.
In recent years, there have been more accusations of cheating in chess, due in part to the proliferation of smart phones and pocket computers. Now, a professor in Buffalo claims he’s found a way root it out.
But mathematician Kenneth Regan’s methods aren’t accepted by everyone.
Every chess player has his or her own style. Russian Vladimir Kramnik likes to take bathroom breaks during matches. That got him in some trouble five years ago.
The Russian forcefully denied the allegations, but how could he prove it?
Regan says a cloud of suspicion descended on the Grand Master after his final moves were revealed to match the suggestions of two widely-used computer chess programs, Fritz and Rybka.
But many of Kramnik’s moves were forced, meaning there was no other move he could make to either stay in the game or not lose game pieces. Regan ran a sophisticated statistical analysis of Kramnik’s optional moves that showed he simply chose the right moves, while his opponent made questionable decisions.
Regan didn’t stop with that match. Sitting at a computer in his University at Buffalo office, four simultaneous games are playing out in front of him.
“This is in fact a game from the 1937 world championship match where Alexander Alekhine regained his title,” Regan says.
The game is just one of the more than 200,000 now in his database. As the games play out, Regan records the computer’s “opinion” of how the players perform.
“So here the computer

########
Rank: 29
Score: 46.27237
Retrieved Text: In the article suggesting the best way to learn endgame tactics, we laid more stress on endgame plays by top players than on chess problems and chess studies. But at the same time, we pointed out that some of these problems and studies could benefit you in developing ideas on some finer endgame tactics like “underpromotion”, gaining tempo etc., some of which may appear in the same problem or study.
Here we will show you some creative ideas that can stand you in good stead in your actual endgame plays.
Even with the first move applied to White K to chase the Black RP, it will remain two moves outside ‘the Square’ for that pawn. So if Black continues to push RP, White K will only be on rank 3 when RP reaches h1 to get promoted.
When White K reaches g3 (after Black RP has reached h1 to become a Queen), Black on his next move cannot deliver a check by his Q with support from his K because of the White R controlling rank 2. Black thus loses a tempo!
White on the next move can deliver check by Ra1 and because of his K on g3, will cause checkmate! If on the previous move, Black tried Kf1, then check by Rook will result in his loss of Q!
At step 3, Black Q could go to h8 to control a1-h8 diagonal and the square a1 preventing Rook’s check (and thus retaining the tempo) – provided there were no Black P on g7 blocking that diagonal!
The conclusion is: White

================



======= Instance Index 1586 =========
Input Text: Playing poker can be casual, but for others they play in tournaments for the prizes and challenge of what?
Choose the most suitable option to answer the above question.
Options:
- fun
- casinos
- competition
- social event
- losing money

Target Text: competition

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 52.786427
Retrieved Text: Page summary: These are the best freeroll poker sites online. To get ranked here, sites have to offer quality, daily freeroll tournaments with real cash prizes.
Freeroll poker tournaments are a great way for new players to learn how to play poker, and for players that have gone broke to rebuild their bankrolls. Freerolls are tournaments where no buy-in fee is required, but real money cash prizes are available to top finishers. Most online poker websites offer a variety of freeroll tournaments to attract new players. Most have prize pools in the $200 - $2000 range, but some are even bigger.
Some online poker sites offer freeroll tournaments that are open to all players. Others require that certain conditions be met in order to qualify. Absolute Poker, Full Tilt Poker, and Ultimate Bet feature the best variety and volume of freeroll tournaments for their players. Highlights of the three best poker freeroll sites are summarized below.
Players should be aware of a few things before they register for freeroll poker tournaments.
For private freeroll tournaments, players need to enter a tournament code for entry.
Freeroll tournaments and play-money tournaments are not the same. Play-money tournaments are free tournaments using play-money chips, with no real money prize pool for the winners. Payouts are made in play money chips, which have no cash value.
Some poker sites require a real money deposit before cash that is won at a freeroll can be withdrawn.
One advantage to playing in freeroll tournaments is that it can help you practice different tournament theories and poker strategies. Players can

########
Rank: 1
Score: 49.23037
Retrieved Text: Full Tilt Poker is one of the biggest and most famous poker sites on-line and with its great features, games and team of professional players, it has all the reasons to be one of the best around.
The interface is very clean, warm and welcoming to new players. The menus are easy to use and there is always a table of contents to explain everything you need to know on the main screen.
Full Tilt Poker guarantees $8 million prize money each week, it accepts players from all over the world, including U.S. players, and it is more than easy to use and enjoy.
Full Tilt Poker was established in 2004. Since then, it has impressively grown, as new players join on daily basis to play in its many poker rooms. Full Tilt offers a variety of Poker games such as Texas Hold'em (No-Limit, Pot-Limit, Cap-Limit), Omaha (High and Low), Stud (High and Low), Razz and even an option to play a mixed game called H.O.R.S.E, where you play all the above games at the same table!
Full Tilt offers you to play these various games in cash tables ranging from $0.01/$0.02 stakes and up to the highest stakes around such as $500/$1000. You can choose to play in tables of 6 or 9 players and even play heads-up in a table where you face only a single opponent.
Deposit Options: echeck, MasterCard, Visa, Neteller, Moneybookers, InstaDebit, ClickandBuy, cash transfer and Click2Pay.
Withdrawal Options: Visa, Check, Moneybookers, Click2Pay, InstaDebit, ClickandBuy.
The support at Full Tilt Poker is highly qualified. E-mails are responded quickly

########
Rank: 2
Score: 48.84469
Retrieved Text: At PokerNews, we work hard to bring our readers great freerolls every month, many with prize pools over $5,000.
Check out this month's exclusive PokerNews Freeroll, and remember, "exclusive" means that our freerolls have small fields, since only players who sign up through our PokerNews links can play!
You may have heard the term "poker freeroll" and wondered to yourself what one actually is. Thankfully, the answer is a simple one: poker freerolls are tournaments that cost nothing to enter, which means you get to play poker for free!
Not do they cost nothing to enter, they almost always award a real money prize, which makes them perfect to start your poker career with as you can build a poker bankroll with no initial financial risks to yourself.
Why is it good to play freeroll tournaments?
Freerolls are one of the most popular tournament formats in poker, played by hundreds of thousands of poker players every week. Some people enjoy them because it gives them the chance to play poker for free, while others take advantage of the fact there is no tournament buy-in so they can try new strategies without any risk to their bankrolls.
It isn’t only amateur players who you will find competing in a poker freeroll because they are often used by more experienced players who are trying out the features and software of a poker room that they haven’t used before.
Are freeroll tournaments really free?
You’re probably sat there, reading this article and thinking that there must be a catch and that freerolls can’t really be completely free.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 48.399944
Retrieved Text: ﻿Join one of the world's most popular free Poker games with more tables, more tournaments, more jackpots, and more players to challenge than ever before! Whether you prefer casual Texas Holdem Poker or competitive tournaments, Zynga Poker is your home for authentic gameplay.
VARIETY – Play Poker however you want! Join a Sit n Go game or a casual online Poker game, and win generous in-game payouts! 5 player or 9 player, fast or slow, join the table and stakes you want. Zynga Poker caters to all playing types and skill levels.
PLAY ANYWHERE – Take your favorite card game anywhere for free. Play seamlessly across all web and mobile versions -- just log in with your Facebook profile!
Download Zynga Poker and start playing today for free! The classic casino card game, now for mobile and online play!

########
Rank: 4
Score: 48.391533
Retrieved Text: According to 888, the 888poker Club is an exclusive and unique membership club for 888poker players. The more you play, the more 888poker Club points you'll earn and the more cool bonuses, cash and goodies you'll be able to redeem under "My account".
You earn points based on daily challenges. Climb up levels with accumulated points. When you reach a new level, you get GOLD TOKENS. The tokens are redeemable for prizes and merchandise.
When you sing up for an account, you are automatically enrolled in the 888 poker VIP club called 888poker CLUB.
Players select from a fun selection of challenges called CLUB CHALLENGES and you start earning points. All you have to do is play poker! And you can also earn points by placing sports bets and playing casino games. Each challenge offers up different points based on the difficulty of the challenge. Once you finish one challenge, you can move onto the next one.
Every time you climb 5 levels, you get a scratch card. You will win various prizes underneath the scratch!
You level up when you accumulate enough points. And the only way is up! They will not bump you down once you reach a level. New CLUB CHALLENGES will be introduced every time you level up.
You also earn GOLD TOKENS every time you successfully level up. You redeem your GOLD TOKENS for cool prizes.
There's a special FRIENDS WITH BENEFITS CHALLENGE where you earn points for signing up your friends and family.
1. Play and complete CLUB CHALLENGES to earn points.
2. Climb levels and earn GOLD TOKENS,

########
Rank: 5
Score: 46.9396
Retrieved Text: Q What are Sit&Go Weekly Leaderboards and how do they work?
Click here to see the Leaderboards and all the prizes you can win.
Q What is the Daily Cash Games Leaderboard and how does it work?
AThe Daily Real cash poker Games Leaderboard will be running everyday and offer Real Cash and Bonus Money rewards to players who rank highly enough on this leaderboard. Prizes are offered for Top 7 places. The calculation of your Leaderboard points will be automatically made depending on how many Loyalty Points you generate while playing in our poker Cash Games.
Q What is the Weekly Freeroll Leaderboard and how does it work?
AWith Khelo365 Weekly Freeroll Leaderboard you have the chance to win great prizes while they are free of cost. To rank on this Leaderboard players must play on our Freerolls. The player’s position on our Leaderboard is based on the player’s winnings at our various Freerolls, that we hold hourly, daily and on weekends. For example, for Rs.1 won in a Tournament, you will obtain 1 point on the Freeroll Leaderboard..
A A A Freeroll is a Poker tournament that is completely free to enter, no buy-in or deposit is needed to participate, but real cash prizes can still be won at the freerolls.Khelo365.com doesn’t do free money poker games just to attract players but to give everyone a chance to win something big.
Q How to register for a Freeroll Tournament at Khelo365?
Press the 'Play Poker' button, this will open the Khelo365 web client tournament lobby. To see what Freerolls is available, press

########
Rank: 6
Score: 46.68915
Retrieved Text: Poker tournament play is where many players find one of the real joys of the game. For some of us this might be as simple as holing up with a few buddies for a weekend of beer, laughs and games to win a pot full of dimes. Some of us will play in tournaments online (where you can take it as seriously or make it as fun as you like!). And, some of us will do it for hard cash and to prove our skills in an organized real-world tournament.
So why is poker tournament play so well liked? It's quite simple, really: in a poker game you pit your wits against a few players for as many games as you like. It's fun but you might not be playing at full stretch all the time. A tournament just multiplies this to the nth degree! You might still be playing for fun but now you'll be playing to be the overall champion and prove you're the best!
Professionally organized tournaments can offer big money prizes simply because they involve so many players. If you want to play you have to pay a fee to join and you'll also have to buy tournament chips in most cases. This all goes towards making the pot at the end that much more desirable. And, these tournaments can also lead on to bigger and better things. If you win a satellite tournament, for example, your prize will be a place in another (potentially even more lucrative) poker tournament.
The average poker tournament will

########
Rank: 7
Score: 46.641266
Retrieved Text: we have been playing this poker tournament regularly and this is one of the best way to practice poker games. In fact i have been learn so much thing by playing this tournament. I have sent several messages to party poker authority and at the end they said: it was not possible to play.
Most recently we have been restricted as a country from playing certain freeroll poker tournaments. what is this happening. there are no opportunity to learn poker games for the beginners. I think Bankrollmob should resolve this problem ASAP. At least run the $250 Bankrollmob Freeroll tournament twice a month, so that new comers are getting some advantage.
Yes, a great loss for us...But Bank Roll Mob keep some good freerolls in others poker`s room like 888poker, with the same prizes structure. Can you play in that poker`s client? In 888 there be freerolls of a different kind, I think that it would like you. And if you register through the link in BRM maybe you have some promotion. Good luck!
dont know are you talking about sunday freeroll that we had and it was 200 $ freeroll,but now is with buy in of 1 $ or you talking about freeroll on some other site!?on party poker we dont have this freeroll for months and almost everybody forgot on it,just people who pay this 1$ play it!
Most recently we have been restricted as a country from playing certain freeroll poker tournaments. what is this happening. there are no opportunity to learn poker games for the beginners.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 46.466564
Retrieved Text: Club WPT is a unique poker room which operates legally in many States of America and through eligible European countries, Australia and Canada as a subscription poker site. Players pay a monthly subscription to participate in as many poker tournaments as suits their schedule, without having to pay buy-ins to any of them and keeping all the money and prizes they win.
For anybody who has not played in a subscription poker site before, the standard of play resembles a play money poker site until the serious end of the game – when it may as well be the final table of the WSOP Main Event. There is not quite as much money at stake, but with over $100,000 up for grabs each month plus thousands more in prizes and seats to live poker tournaments, an average player should cash out more than the $19.95 monthly subscription it costs to play on the site.
There are two levels of membership – a basic membership which costs nothing to join but only entitles player to compete with play chips, and a VIP membership which is started once a player subscribes to his account and which enables him to challenge for the valuable gifts, seats and cash prizes on offer. Each player starts with 500 tournament points which they can use to enter tournaments for either play awards or real prizes. Should they lose their tournament points (or win a tournament with a cash prize), they start again with 500 tournament points the next day.
Some tournaments award tournament points instead

########
Rank: 9
Score: 46.431335
Retrieved Text: http://142.93.1.19 – Some exclusive types of poker games. With the launch of poker games, many people are getting excited day by day towards the casino games. Instead, some of them are even aware of the games that they like whereas others are even fond of playing the game online that can be availed by them in the casino. For that reason, the Judi poker have launched with a versatile range of online casino games which are going to help and score a new sort of enjoyment. It is very much sure that not all people carry the same taste but sometimes differ with the taste so as the gaming also differ. For that reason, there is a huge appeal for the taste of every visitor.
Have you ever thought of having fun and for that getting money? Yes, you can make money by playing the games. There are several games are played in casino which give you the chance to win lots of prizes with lots of fun and entertainment. One can also play these games at one place by downloading it in mobile or PC. It will save your time and money more over you can play the game very comfortably. These games are awesome and can easily be played online. There are different offers as well as deals are often associated with these games which are incentive and motivational boost to the players.
In these sites you will find enormous tournaments for the betting games and other games. By downloading the game you can make your

########
Rank: 10
Score: 46.01121
Retrieved Text: Home Articles How to Get an Edge in Low Stakes Poker Tournaments?
How to Get an Edge in Low Stakes Poker Tournaments?
Whether you are a beginner in poker or you have played poker before, it is common for players to participate in small stake tournaments. These events don’t need huge buy-ins, but they still have a decent pool of prizes. If you are entering constantly in higher stake tournaments, your bankroll will diminish frequently and you will have trouble getting the buy-in for next tournament. It is always wise to build your skills in the beginning of journey. With the advancement of the internet, you can play in as many small tournaments as you would like.
They can be fun but they are also often annoying as you play against different experienced players. Most of the buy-ins goes as low as few hundred rupees as there are thousands of participants. You may even win a few thousand rupees if you manage to get far along the tournament.
A lot of experienced players keep on paying lower in online poker tournaments, as they can build up their profits steadily by accumulating a high placing in such events with time. To get an edge over your opponents next time, be sure to play one of those small stakes events.
When it comes to playing in any kind of tournament, you should take your time to get a good chance of winning, should you make it deep within the field. If you don’t have much time, there the chance that you may have

########
Rank: 11
Score: 45.985085
Retrieved Text: There are many different types of poker that you can play online depending on your stakes, your experience and whether you want to play in a tournament. Here, we are going to talk you through some of the best poker games for Arab players. Keep reading to find out more.
One of the most popular poker games that Arab players tend to enjoy is Texas Hold’em which is a poker variant. This game is often what you might see in some movies where players have 5 community cards and two hidden cards. This game is great for those just starting out in online poker as well as those who are skilled and have been playing for a while. Make sure to try out Texas Hold’em on your favourite online casino as it can be very lucrative.
On many of the Arab casinos, you’ll find that video poker is one of the most popular games. Video poker can come in a variety of different forms depending on what you like. Casinoaraby offers video poker that Arab players love because it can come in the standard version of the other variants that come with this game. With video poker, there are often special features which you might enjoy if you are looking for something a little different.
Caribbean Stud Poker is another great type of poker that online players in Arab countries are sure to enjoy. This type of poker is a little different from others as you tend to be playing against the dealer rather than other players in the

########
Rank: 12
Score: 45.482475
Retrieved Text: Poker has been an extremely popular game since it was invented in the 19th century. For years, it was more of a recreational endeavor than anything else. Games would be played among small groups of friends or at casual games in bars. Although it wasn’t exactly legal at the time it was played on Mississippi riverboats extensively all the way up to the early 20th century. The game enjoyed its first surge in popularity during the 1970’s as poker was introduced to Nevada casinos. Tournament play became popular and the World Series of Poker began in 1970. The early WSOP events produced winners that comprised a ‘who’s who’ of poker—Amarillo Slim, Doyle Brunson, Puggy Pearson, Johnny Moss, former MGM Mirage CEO Bobby Baldwin and Stu Ungar. In the late 1980’s, poker rooms in California legalized flop games including Texas Hold’em and stud. Around the same time the booming native American owned casinos began with many of these properties offering poker.
The game was likely more popular than ever due to the above events but poker absolutely blew up in the early 2000s. This was due to a confluence of factors—the widespread adoption of the Internet and the digital revolution introduced online poker to the masses. The shrewd marketing of tournament poker played a part with the World Series of Poker and World Poker Tour drawing huge audiences. The tournaments themselves saw their fields grow dramatically which resulted in prizes in the millions of dollars. When Chris Moneymaker (2003) and Greg Raymer (2004) won the main event at

########
Rank: 13
Score: 45.255005
Retrieved Text: from anywhere with the 888poker iPhone app! Download it now from the App Store and you'll be minutes away from playing in our cash games and tournaments.
Playing in an online poker tournament but need to head out? No problem! Just login to the 888poker app from iPhone and stay in the game while you're on the go. When there's real money on the table, you don't want to miss out! Play for BIG cash prizes anytime, anywhere in a totally safe and regulated online gaming environment.
Massive Selection of Games: Choose from our wide variety of Texas Hold'em, Omaha Hi-Lo and 7 Card Stud games. Play in regular, fast or turbo mode, the choice is yours! With cash games running 24/7 and tournaments scheduled around the clock, it's always the right time to play.
Snap Poker: How many hands can you play before it's time to move again? Challenge yourself with Snap poker, our high-speed poker format. Fast-fold your poker hands and get new ones instantly. It's faster and more exhilarating than any other online poker variety!
BLAST: Discover a new way to play with our explosive new 4-handed poker, Super-turbo game, where you could win a share of up to $300,000 each game!
A countdown timer will run during each game, and once it runs out and all players automatically go all-in until there’s a winner.
Pair your online poker play with exciting casino games and sports betting!
Use 888poker on iPhone to bet on your favourite teams with the most attractive odds online. Or, play a Blackjack hand, try your

########
Rank: 14
Score: 45.17178
Retrieved Text: Poker is an increasingly popular gambling game enjoyed by many millions of regular players worldwide. The game hasn’t always been as universally widespread as it is today, played predominantly in backroom poker schools by players who would prefer not to advertise their exploits.
This all changed by the end of the 1990’s with the advent of online poker and increased media attention. The result was a huge surge in uptake by players from all walks of life embracing the game. Poker is now easily accessible both online and offline attracting people who are prepared to invest many hours in learning the game for the chance to win the big prizes on offer for successful players.
Here you will find links and resources available to educate anyone interested in learning more about the game irrespective of your current level of experience. Game guides are available explaining how to play the different variations of poker as well as poker school tutorials providing strategy tips to help you become a better player from beginner to more advanced techniques.
Our guides will not only help you take your game to the next level but when you are ready to play real money games, we will show you the safest and most exciting places to play online. GambleScope will also show you how to enter the major tournaments online and offline for the opportunity to win the big prizes and cover all the bases in between for the best poker experience and game enjoyment.
Online Poker and Live Poker- Is There a Difference?
Online poker really

########
Rank: 15
Score: 44.999348
Retrieved Text: MTT Challenge - Play Multi-Table Tournaments and Win Your Share of $25,000 in prizes!
The better your finishing positions, the bigger the prize you’ll win. 100 places get paid!
Download the Titan Poker software and OPT IN today!
Check your ranking on the MTT Challenge Leaderboard!
To calculate leaderboard points, click here.
Win a share of $8,000 in tournament entries by ranking high on our MTT Challenge leaderboard.
From May 1 - 22, 2013 we will reward our top ranking multi-table tournament players with $8,000 in token entries to the 2013 WSOP! To participate, OPT IN, play our scheduled multi-table tournaments and get ranked based on your finishing position, the number of players and the tournament buy-in.
So the more tournaments you play, the better your chances of improving your finishes. The better your final positions, the higher you'll climb up the ranks!
How do you calculate your leaderboard position?
You will receive points for participating in any of our regularly scheduled multi-table tournaments (not including satellites and private tournaments) based on the below formula, which takes into consideration the buy-in and number of players in the tournaments (these are derivatives of the prize-pool), and the finishing position of the player in the tournament.
We are only taking your 20 best tournament results when calculating leaderboard positions.
$8,000 worth of tournament entries, including a 1st place $4,000 WSOP Experience Package!
Your best 20 results of the month will count towards your leaderboard score. The top 20 players on the MTT Challenge Leaderboard in May will receive packages of WSOP tournament entries as prizes.
$1,000 for 5 nights’ stay in

########
Rank: 16
Score: 44.907562
Retrieved Text: PokerLion is the Indian poker gaming platform that offers various online poker tournaments like Freeroll Tournaments where the entry is free for all players, Multi-Table Tournaments like Satellite Tournaments many more exciting Texas Hold’em Poker tournaments and Omaha tournaments.
Game Formats - Texas Hold’em & Omaha.
Following are the types of poker tournaments which Pokerlion.com is offering. Just login and start playing!
In a Ring Game, the players enter with a selected buy-in, and can play any number of games. The players are free to leave at any time with their earned cash.
In this game format, the players sit on a single table and enter with a buy-in as mentioned in lobby while taking seat. The aim of the game is to remove all the opponents on the table. Once all seats are full and game begins and the players are not free to leave the table till the poker tournament finishes. If a player chooses to leave halfway, he shall be put on sitout and Blinds and Antes will increasingly boost as game progresses in the following rounds of the poker tournament and get deducted from his chip or cash stack. The player can rejoin the game if his stack is not over from game lobby. The tournament finishes when only 1 player stays with all the chips in play and all others are removed.
In a Multi-Table Tournament (MTT), players begin with an equal, fixed number of chips. Players at many tables compete for one another's chips as the blinds boost incrementally. When players run out of chips,

########
Rank: 17
Score: 44.795315
Retrieved Text: Online casino tournaments provide a fun and engaging means of indulging in playing online casino games with all the upside potential of walking away a big winner with a fraction of the risk associated with long term play on games in general. By playing in casino tournaments whether they're slots, blackjack or other game type tournaments you can enter often times in free rolls and commence playing for free with the option to later re-buy into the tournament should you have exhausted your credits. Learn more about online casino tournaments and where to play them below here on Top Casinos.
Here you'll find a listing of top rated online casinos we suggest checking out and playing online casino tournaments at. Each of these casinos offers tournaments in some capacity and casinos we regard as top rated casinos.
What are Download Online Casinos?
Today, Internet casino gamers may take advantage of thrilling online tournaments that are available at many sites at the simple touch of a few buttons. These are exciting casino game competitions that are played via the Internet. Online casino tournaments present gamers with the opportunity to enjoy the thrill of participating in casino competitions from the comfort of home or other location of choice. In addition to the exciting entertainment offered, for many players the great appeal of casino tournaments is that a player may enter with a selected entry charge, or sometimes even for free, and may have the opportunity to win significant prizes.
A casino site offering online tournaments enables players to try their hand at

########
Rank: 18
Score: 44.58368
Retrieved Text: Poker tournaments are growing ever more popular online. Tired of ring games? Tired of losing your shirt in big bad beats, or winning endlessly meager pots? Want a bigger return on your investment? Consider poker tournaments! For a one time buy-in, and usually a moderate registration fee, you can test your poker skills in a whole new way, with a much larger pot of gold at the end of the rainbow.
Most poker tournaments are "Freeze-out" or "Shoot-out" tournaments where players are eliminated one by one as each player loses all their chips, with ultimately one player remaining to claim the bulk of the overall pot. Occasionally, though rarely, players are allowed to "re-buy", or rejoin the tournament after being eliminated, by paying the buy-in again, or some other disclosed re-buy fee.
Most poker tournaments divide the promised prize pool between at least the top three players with a breakdown much like the following: 50% to 1st place, 30% to 2nd place, and 20% to 3rd place. Some poker tournaments, especially "Freerolls" (see below), offer prizes to the top 30, 50, 100 or more players.
Oftentimes poker tournaments are promoted with guaranteed prize pools (such as $10,000 guaranteed), promising players a specific amount in the prize pool regardless of how many players enter. Oftentimes, though not always, entrants' buy-ins will be added to the guaranteed prize pool amount, making the guarantee merely a promised minimum.
It is important to know what type of poker tournament you are considering before buying in. For example, if you're new to poker tournaments, you

########
Rank: 19
Score: 44.579384
Retrieved Text: What are Poker Freeroll Tournaments? As the name suggests these are poker tournaments that are free to enter. Yes that’s right there is no catch – they really are free. No entry fee, no upfront cost, and the best thing is that winners walk away with prize money. Players can win cold hard cash without the worry of losing any initial upfront money.
What are the Benefits of Freeroll Tournaments?
These tournaments are some of the most popular in poker, with hundreds of thousands of players participating live and online every week. They are a great way for new players to get used to competing in online tournaments and build their confidence. Of course it isn’t just newbies that enter these tournaments. Players of all skill and experience levels can and do join in. Because there is no buy-in, players are able to practice new tactics, or hone their strategies with the stress and worry of losing money. Some current stars started their poker career competing in freeroll tournaments and it can be a very beneficial arena for a player to hone their craft and sharpen their poker skills. Of course not everyone can be a super star of poker but the good thing about these tournaments is that there really isn’t anything to lose to find out how good a poker player someone is.
Not really, freeroll tournaments are a win-win for players due to the zero risk to their bankroll and the potential for winning cash prizes. The only downside really, when compared to a regular tournament,

########
Rank: 20
Score: 44.44181
Retrieved Text: Over the years our experts have been asked 100s of questions by our visitors. From banking to bonuses, some questions crop up time and again; so, we decided to compile an FAQ (Frequently Asked Questions). Below, you can see at a glance the answers to your most common queries. If you've got anything else you'd like to ask, do get in touch!
Internet gaming laws are still a little grey in Canada. While it's not explicitly illegal to play poker on the web, it's not explicitly legal either. Some major overseas sites have withdrawn from the Canadian market because of this ambiguity. But as of April 2019, Canadians are still free to set up real-money poker accounts online.
Do The Same Laws Apply Throughout Canada?
Some provinces like BC and Quebec run their own legal gaming sites, in terms of prohibiting online poker, Canada is pretty standard when it comes to the legality of Internet poker. That is, no one has ever been prosecuted for playing Texas Hold'em on the net in Canada.
How Do We Review The Different Poker Sites?
At OnlinePoker.ca we run all the poker sites online through a range of tests to see if they pass our strict quality control tests. We time cashouts and quiz customer support teams, check for player traffic at all hours, and gauge whether the welcome bonuses are worth going for.
How Does Playing Online Compare To Playing Live?
The biggest difference of online poker compared to live is the convenience factor. Online you can register for a tournament or open a cash game

########
Rank: 21
Score: 44.302784
Retrieved Text: Find home poker games and local poker tourneys in your area and town. List your home poker game for free and find local poker players for your home poker tourney. Search our Database for the most complete source of Poker Tournament and Poker Rooms Listings and Results Local Poker Tournaments, Play Free Live Holdem Poker at NJ Local Poker Leagues. Play Free Poker tournaments in NJ at local establishments. The Best Poker Club, Local Poker Tournaments Play Free Texas Holdem Poker for Free WSOP and WPT Poker Events Local Poker Tournaments. Find poker close to you tonight! Find Poker is South Africa's live poker search engine. We've made finding poker easier than ever! Search now to find a live poker tournament near you. Three Great Ways to Find your Tournaments! Our Calendar. Search by date, county, location or buy-in! The Chip Map. We have all our locations marked with poker chips.Â Click on the chips to bring up that location's banner showing this week's charity poker events. Spokane Poker Tournament guide Calendar. Your one stop guide for tournaments and cash games in Spokane! Qualify for PokerStars biggest live and online poker events, including the European Poker Tour (EPT) and World Championship of Online Poker (WCOOP). Poker Tournaments. Call 1-800-872-0222 . Poker tournaments take place all around the world. Some of these poker tournaments feature as few as two players while others may welcome thousands of players enjoying the game on thousands of tables throughout the facility. Search engine for finding free to play live poker tournaments

########
Rank: 22
Score: 44.224472
Retrieved Text: Poker Stars is arguably the largest and most popular online poker destination, not just in the UK but in the entire world. Launched in 2001, they are a trendsetter on the online poker scene, with more than 200,000 players logged in every day. Poker Stars alone share almost 50% of all the traffic in real-money online games.
Being the largest in the business, PokerStars is dedicated to providing the best game products and services to their customers. They have an unrivalled poker game selection, the biggest poker tournaments, lucrative bonuses and top-notch customer service. They are also known for being the safest and most financially secure poker site in the world. No wonder more and more people are turning to them to enjoy their favourite pastime whilst getting the chance to win big prizes.
Poker Stars is teeming with attractive promotions so players will always have something new to look forward to.
Poker Stars also gives out reload bonuses from time to time, so make it a habit to check your inbox for promotional emails since it’s where PokerStars usually promote their bonuses.
Poker Stars has great bonuses for new players. Simply make your first real-money deposit using the bonus code STARS600 and PokerStars will reward you with a 100% bonus up to £395. If not, you also have the option to deposit using the bonus code FREE20 and claim your £13 bonus to play games for free. Whichever you choose, rest assured that Poker Stars will reward you with a free ticket to play their 100K Privilege Freerolls where

########
Rank: 23
Score: 44.081203
Retrieved Text: Play Online Poker room bonuses. Choose from the best online poker rooms with top online poker bonuses. We list poker rooms with New Player Bonuses and Freeroll Poker Tournaments..
Online Poker Rooms ,brings the art of poker into your living room. Play online poker games and poker freeroll tournaments with people from all over the world for real money cash prizes. Win your way up the leaderboard at online poker rooms for your seat at the WSOP. Live online poker games are played with the latest technology and live streaming. Chat with other poker players or simply "Play The Game" and test your poker skills.
Intertops Poker is one of the most trusted and popular online poker rooms for players from all around the world. With thousands of online poker players online 24 hrs a day - your never short of competition. At Intertops Poker , Customers have one account for three products - Poker, Casino and Sportsbook. Intertops Poker offers New players a 200% Poker Room Online Bonus. At Intertops Poker choose from Poker Freerolls - Special Event Poker Tournaments, $1,000 Depositor Freeroll - Intertops Freeroll $25,000 Weekly Guaranteed and more. Play on the go with Mobile poker games at Intertops Poker.
32 Red Poker is one of the largest online poker rooms for players from all around the world. New players receive a$1000 Welcome Bonus plus entry into Poker freeroll Tournaments. There are over $3m worth in Guaranteed Tournaments every month, with regular big events such as the $100,000, $200,000 and $500,000 Guarantee. 32 Red Poker, Customers

########
Rank: 24
Score: 43.921307
Retrieved Text: Gambling is a game where two players agree to take part. They usually use money to bet, where the loser pays the money to the winner with the result being uncertain. The other player nowadays can be not only a person but a machine, software or ultimately a company. Gambling is a good way of making money at the same time as being fun; however you should remember to play within your means, thus safeguard your money. It is taking a risk with this money in the hope of winning, or with an intention of winning, to speculate on gain; often this money is called your ‘bank’.
Gambling can either be betting on sports, buying a lottery ticket, playing roulette, poker or casino.
Gambling can be addictive and if you are not careful can ruin your security. It is the fear of losing and the joy of winning that causes this cycle that many can find habitual. To avoid this you should control your gambling urge, that is, don’t allow the gambling temptations to control you, which can make you lose the game by making errors of judgment. Before you gamble ensure that you are aware of how likely you are to win the game and don’t mimic others, place a bet according to your means, a portion of your bank.
Evaluate yourself, maybe you are going to lose or win, probabilities are strange and you can end up on a losing streak as easily as being on a winning streak. On a losing streak, the professional gambler knows

########
Rank: 25
Score: 43.660915
Retrieved Text: When you play at a Kontenders Social poker events, you are always playing for something.
Not just the league points that can get you into our Regional or Quarterly Tournaments….
And not just the hope of winning a seat to a big tournament, and multiple travel packages to cover your airfare and hotel, although we certainly have all that.
Really? A free seat to a big tournament, with a travel package to get me there?Yes! Check out the $100,000 and $200,000 guaranteed Bar Poker Open tournaments, held twice a year (Las Vegas in June, Atlantic City now in October)…..
But on top of all that, we have nightly prizes at our games, which vary by venue, but take the form of gift certificates and cash…..and who doesn’t love that?
Prizes for each venue are shown on the venue pages.
Win Cash and Gift Certificates Nightly, up to $50 and sometimes more!
Numerous Special Tournaments, with Great Prizes, Held Locally!
Seats and even travel packages for the Bar Poker Open!

########
Rank: 26
Score: 43.567608
Retrieved Text: Betfair is one of the world’s largest gambling exchanges. As such, they offer a wide variety of entertainments, from poker to sports betting, and on into live tournaments and quick in-play action. Once on a standard poker network, Betfair has since focused its vision to cultivate a unique player base. And that’s where Betfair really seems to stand out, by getting players invested in more ways than just financially. While other poker sites are mostly concerned with getting you in and to a table, Betfair ups the ante by giving you what you’re looking for (mobile bet exchanges in under a second, as well as live streaming options) and they also provide a good bit more.
The Betfair poker site offers generous sign-on bonuses and a better-than-average loyalty rewards system. You’ll also be afforded solid customer service assistance, easy and reliable playing software, and the chance to win free spots at the traveling big tournaments. If you end up being a big winner at said tournaments you might end up being highlighted on the Roll of Honour. True, the online poker tutorials could stand to be expanded and enhanced; however, there is an extensive and thriving community site, which should be helpful in offering the little fish some pointers.
It’s a solid site, but what’s more, it’s a friendly site. With Betfair’s decent variety of things and ways to play, you should be able to find the entertainments you’re seeking. And who knows? You might even make a few new friends.
Betfair Poker is best known for the sign

########
Rank: 27
Score: 43.504585
Retrieved Text: Online poker Sit-N-Go poker tournaments can be a good starting point for budding poker players. Websites like 888 Poker, PokerStars and Full Tilt Poker all have plenty of Sit-N-Go tournaments. These types of tournaments have a player cap on them and when you hit the limit the game starts. This page is intended for international readers only, due to online gambling being illegal in Australia as of September 2017.
What Are Sit and Go’s?
Poker tournaments will either be scheduled or sit-n-go tournaments. Scheduled tournaments begin at a predetermined and usually you must register a certain amount of time before the tournament begins. Often in scheduled tournaments any number of players can partake as long as they have signed up to it in time.
On the other hand sit-n-go tournaments will begin as soon as enough players have signed up to participate in it. This means sit-n-go tournaments are defined by how competing players there are. If you’re playing at a popular poker site then the waiting time to begin a tournament will also be much shorter as you only have to wait for enough people to sign up.
Are Sit-n-Go Poker Tournaments good value?
Sit-n-go tournaments are good value for money in that the number of competing players is capped. This means you won’t be stuck playing for hours against a huge number of other people. In general sit-n-go tournaments are wrapped up faster. Having said that some sit-n-go tournaments commence when there are as many as 1000 players, so even though how many competitors in a tournament may be

########
Rank: 28
Score: 43.37608
Retrieved Text: Playing in Texas Hold�em tournaments has become tremendously popular throughout the poker boom since they allow players to compete across a large field for some pretty serious prizes. With the growing popularity of tournament play particularly online, it�s become pretty standard these days for the major online rooms to offer upwards of $1,000,000 guaranteed tournaments on a weekly basis. When I first started playing online poker in 2003, a tournament with $25,000 in it was a really big deal just to give you an idea of how rapidly the prize pools of tournaments have grown.
Which Poker Sites Have the Best MTT / Tournaments?
Because these tournaments are extremely lucrative they tend to attract a large number of players so if you are serious about winning a major event expect to spend anywhere from 4 � 10 hours playing if you are lucky enough to make it to the final table. Below I�ve summarized just about everything you need to know about Texas Hold�em tournaments from how they work to detailed info on the big events in both the live poker and online poker market.
The two major types of poker tournaments include Single Table (also known as Sit N Go) as well as Multi-Table Tournaments. As the name suggest, single table tournaments are comprised of one table and usually 6-10 players who compete against each other to win the prize pool. Prizes in this type of tournament tend to be smaller since there are only a limited number of buy-ins that make up the prizes. Multi-table tournaments on

########
Rank: 29
Score: 43.356808
Retrieved Text: Poker is not only played at casinos, but in thousands of poker clubs worldwide. It is one of the few casino games in which you do not play against the dealer, but against the other players at the table. The dealer deals the cards and checks the players' winning card combinations at the end of the hand. There are many versions of this game, the most popular being Texas Hold'em.
The outcome of the game does not entirely depend on the cards you are dealt, but also on the emotions you display on the outside. If you find yourself in too good a mood because of the cards you hold, your opponent might not be willing to bet as much. You can bluff your opponents by going All in, even though your hand is not really strong. The pot could be yours if your opponents become afraid to match you. It is, however, a very risky game.
Online poker became very popular at the beginning of the century, when many amateurs started playing this game over the internet. There is a wide range of options for playing this game. Players, new to the game can enroll in freeroll tournaments, i.e. tournaments without buy-in fees but offering actual prizes. It is an excellent way to learn to play poker. More experienced players can play in tournaments will high guaranteed prize pools or cash games – real money games.

================



