======= Instance Index 6063 =========
Input Text: If a description of a situation begins like this: [header] How to set macgo mac blu ray player as default player [title] Download mac blu-ray menu player and install it at once. [step] There will be watermark on your screen if you play blu-ray with the trial version. Only 39.95 dollars for the full version of mac blu-ray menu player for now, please buy mac blu-ray player with discount.... Then how
does it continue? 

Ending 1: [title] Click " check file associations " under " tools ". [title] Click and macgo mac blu-ray player will be your default player.

Ending 2: [title] Choose your video size and port size from the dropdown menu at the top of mac blu-ray menu. [step] Once you have downloaded the blu-ray menu player and installed it, you have to choose your video size and port size.

Ending 3: [title] Run the make app and then the itunes installer. [title] Determine the output type for each file in your mac blu-ray player.

Ending 4: [title] Uncheck the sidebar at the bottom of " applications ". [step] These are the files that are currently currently on your mac blu-ray player.

Target Text: Ending 1

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 136.6041
Retrieved Text: Macgo Mac Blu-ray Player has added itself Auto Play function, which means when you insert a disc into your Blu-ray drive, the player will automatically start and play. In order to make this whole process smoother, you'd better set Mac Blu-ray Player as default player on your Mac. Now I'll tell you how to do it.
After installing Mac Blu-ray Player, you can go to "Launchpad" and click on its icon to launch the program. The simplified main interface will reduce certain misoperations. You can see a menu at the top of the interface. Click "Check File Associations" under "Tools".
Then it will come up with a pop up window. You can choose some media formats which you want to play with Macgo Blu-ray player, then click "Make Mac Blu-ray player my default player".
Click "OK" to continue. Then Macgo Mac Blu-ray Player will be your default player.
After you set Macgo Mac Blu-ray Player as your default player, you also need to enable Auto Play function to freely enjoy Blu-ray this player.
Open "Preferences" under "Mac Blu-ray Player".Open "Playback" and tick under "Auto play when you insert a disc", and then click "OK".
Insert a Blu-ray disc into the drive and wait for the program automatically start and display the Blu-ray Menu. You can make some adjustments there or directly click "Play Movie" to enjoy some Blu-ray time.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 121.10703
Retrieved Text: The free official version of Mac Blu-ray Player is good for three months after which it will become a trial version automatically. The trial version of the video player. This campaign is not a trial activity of new product, but free trail of formal version. Customers who have downloaded Mac Blu-ray Player can get an activation. Free trial version of this powerful Media Player is now available on Macgo Official Download Center, or you can click here to download Free Mac Media Player.
Aurora Blu-ray Player is the best and most powerful media player for Mac in the world. Macgo Mac Blu-ray Player is a superior Blu-ray player that can bring you the most unforgettable Blu-ray experience on your Mac. If you have a Blu-ray player and don't want to or can't use a native Mac media The installation and setup of a free trial version of Mac Blu-ray Player for Mac.
9 Jul To watch Blu-ray movies on Mac, a good Blu-ray player software is necessary! Here we will share the best free Mac Blu-ray player to you. just download the free trial of VideoSolo Blu-ray Player and you will see how good it. Leawo Blu-ray Player for Mac is world's No.1 Mac Blu-ray player software which can play latest Blu-ray/DVD discs of all regions. It's also a free HD video player. Aurora Blu-ray Player for Mac is downloaded default as unregistered free trial version. Any user can click Cancel or close the Registration window to continually. Just copy and paste the code in "Tools - Registration"

########
Rank: 2
Score: 117.55987
Retrieved Text: Mac Blu-ray Player is a software application. This page holds details on how to remove it from your PC. It was coded for Windows by Macgo Inc.. You can read more on Macgo Inc. or check for application updates here. Please follow http://www.macblurayplayer.com/windows-bluray-player.htm if you want to read more on Mac Blu-ray Player on Macgo Inc.'s page. Mac Blu-ray Player is normally installed in the C:\Program Files (x86)\MacGo directory, however this location can differ a lot depending on the user's option when installing the application. "C:\Program Files (x86)\MacGo\uninst.exe" is the full command line if you want to remove Mac Blu-ray Player. The application's main executable file occupies 2.19 MB (2299392 bytes) on disk and is labeled Mac Blu-ray Player.exe.
The executable files below are part of Mac Blu-ray Player. They occupy about 40.85 MB (42834036 bytes) on disk.
Mac Blu-ray Player has the habit of leaving behind some leftovers.
1. If you don't have Advanced Uninstaller PRO already installed on your PC, add it. This is good because Advanced Uninstaller PRO is the best uninstaller and general tool to take care of your PC.
2. Start Advanced Uninstaller PRO. It's recommended to take your time to get familiar with Advanced Uninstaller PRO's design and number of features available. Advanced Uninstaller PRO is a powerful Windows tool.
Star rating (in the left lower corner). This explains the opinion other users have about Mac Blu-ray Player, ranging from "Highly recommended" to "Very dangerous".
The uninstall string is: "C:\Program Files (x86)\MacGo\uninst.exe"
7. Click the Uninstall button. A confirmation window will appear. Confirm the removal by pressing

########
Rank: 3
Score: 116.077995
Retrieved Text: Macgo Mac Blu-ray Player is the world's first universal media player software for Mac, which can support Blu-ray playback on iPhone/ iPad/ iPod touch via AirX. Able to play any format of movie, video, audio, music, and photo and adding DTS5.1, Mac Blu-ray Player software, can play Blu-ray Disc or Blu-ray ISO on your Mac with the extremely HD Blu-ray entertainment.
Mac Blu-ray Player is normally preselected automatically by your Operating System.
Installing programs on Mac OS X is incredibly easy compared to most platforms. You can simply double click the .dmg, file and open & mount the compressed file.
Launch Mac Blu-ray Player. Input the registration information exactly as what you've got from your purchase platform, then click "Register" in "Mac Blu-ray Player Trial Version" popup menu.
Apple announced with an amazing looking new Apple iMac that is incredibly thin and use a new build process called friction stir welding. But for Blu-ray fans, Blu-ray is still a distant dream for Apple iMac users. If you are reading this article, you have come to the right place! Macgo iMac Blu-ray Player is the best choice for you to play Blu-ray movies on iMac with perfect quality.
Blu-ray ISO file, also named Blu-ray ISO image file, is an image file of a physical Blu-ray disc. It embodies the same contents of the Blu-ray disc and can be used as a replacement of Blu-ray Disc for a backup or further creation to discs.
If you want to be our partner, please contact us.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 114.43075
Retrieved Text: AirX is one of many core technologies developed by Macgo Team, aiming to make Blu-ray movies accessible to iOS devices like iPhone/iPad /iPod touch. With Airx feature, Blu-ray movies can be shared between computer (Mac & PC) and iPhone/iPad /iPod touch in the same Wi-Fi environment.
AirX is a brand new Blu-ray playback feature which allows iOS mobile devices to play Blu-ray movies on iPhone/iPad/iPod touch; by enabling AirX in Macgo Mac Blu-ray Player and launching a Blu-ray disc or Blu-ray ISO file, users can get an URL which should be input into their mobile Safari in a same Wi-Fi environment. In this way, the loaded Blu-ray source will be listed and playable on iPhone/iPad/iPod touch. For the first time ever, a Blu-ray can be played on mobile devices, especially on iOS devices which possess a large user group around the world. With the unceasing development of Blu-ray industry, AirX technology will be used more widely in the near future.
To utilize the AirX feature, you can check the requirements below and follow the steps.
5.Network connection: make sure that the Mac/PC and iPod touch are connected to the same home Wi-Fi.
1- Open Macgo Mac Blu-ray Player and enable the AirX option under the "Tools" menu.
2-	Click on "Open File" or "Open Disc" button to launch a Blu-ray disc or other formats of movies.
3- Loading finished, you can get a website URL "http://airx.tv ".
4- Open "Safari" in your iPhone/iPad/iPod touch and input the website URL above into it.
5- The loaded Blu-ray source will be listed and you can now play

########
Rank: 5
Score: 112.6296
Retrieved Text: 0 Wi- Fi/ Bluetooth, iCloud, FaceTime, AirPrint, AirPlay OS X. Perhaps the coolest door in the Malisis Doors mod is the huge one that takes up more than just two blocks going vertically. 264 encoded videos like MOV M2TS, M4V, MTS many more.
Macgo Windows Blu- ray Player is an excellent Blu- ray player software for Windows. Screenshots: How to use: Just press X to toggle ON/ OFF ( Key can be set in Minecraft config menu) ; To edit the Ores and the color just press F6 ( F7 in Minecraft 1. Includes notes/ tips on running OS X 10.
The user- friendly UI allows players to edit the list of blocks they want to see when the XRay mode is turned on. UFUSoft Blu- ray Player is one easy- to- use blu- ray player software for windows 10/ 8. It converts video among formats like MKV MPEG, 3GP, 3G2, MP4 MOV. It can help users enjoy any Blu- ray movie ( Retail BD disc included) with outstanding and perfect video quality at home.
Acrok Video Converter Ultimate can easily convert latest Blu- ray MOV, OGG, AVI, DVD disc to MKV, WMV, FLAC, MP4, FLV, DivX, WMA, VOB, M4V video formats, AIFF, M4A, audio formats like MP3, WAV, 3GP, MPG, AU, AAC, AC3 etc. Latest software reviews.
Download Cracks Mac , Serial Keys, Patches for Windows Android. 10) ; How to install Kradxn’ s X- ray Mod for Minecraft:. A quick guide on how to install SMBUp as a Mac OS X SMB Fix for those who' d like

########
Rank: 6
Score: 109.482376
Retrieved Text: Macgo Mac Blu-ray Player Pro 3.2.7 | Mac OS X | 50 MB.
Mac Blu-ray, the first universal player in the world: for Mac and PC, can support Blu-ray on iPhone / iPad / iPod touch through AIRX. Able to play any movie format, video, audio, music and photos and adding DTS5.1, DVD software Mac Blu-ray can play Blu-ray or Blu-ray discs in your Maccon ISO extremely high definition Blu-ray.
Mac Blu-ray Player is a universal media player compatible with all types of multimedia formats, such as movies, videos, audios, music and photos. Aside from Blu-ray Disc, Blu-ray ISO and folders BDMV, Mac Blu-ray Player files can also play DVDs, Video CD, MOV, MKV, AVI, FLV, WMV, MP4, MPEG, RMVB, MP3, WMA, AAC, AC3, etc. with the advent of software Blu-ray Mac users and Mac fans they are now able to enjoy Blu-ray with high quality and a fantastic experience in its desktop and laptop Mac.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 109.19913
Retrieved Text: A Good-to-use Blu-ray player software has been developed.
As Blu-ray technology is widely used in many areas, it becomes more and more popular in people’s daily life.
Nevertheless, the Windows operating system doesn’t have its own program to run Blu-ray discs. We have to equip our PC with proper hardware and Blu-ray player software. In doing this, we can enjoy a splendid visual journey.
"I got dizzy when I was looking for an easy-to-use Blu-ray player software in the software market. Because there is so many kinds of it." Maybe you have come across to this problem and feel bothered.
However, this problem is solved by installing a Blu-ray player software: Macgo Blu-ray player. We developed the world-first Blu-ray player for Mac as well as the version for Windows operating system. Above all, we recently have developed a new product called AirX which can play Blu-ray movies in the mobile devices like iPod Touch/iPad/iPhone.
An external Blu-ray drive is a must for playing Blu-ray discs. Then download and install the Blu-ray player software in our computer. After doing this, you simply need to insert the discs into the drive. It is a piece of cake to deal with this Blu-ray software, isn't it? Actually, you can see how to use this stuff on their official web site which displays more detailed tutorials than my words.
1. It can be applied to both Windows operating system and Mac.
2. The degree of playback fluency is second to none among all of the likewise products.
3. User friendly design of the Blu-ray player software. We can

########
Rank: 8
Score: 106.97736
Retrieved Text: The very first Mac Blu-ray Player on the earth!
Using our 10 years of experience in video conversion, Macgo introduces the world’s very first Mac Blu-ray player. And this is the unique video conversion tool that supports both Mac and Windows systems. So at this moment, Mac users are able to watch Blu-ray movies on their beloved Mac devices.
The uniqueness of this tool doesn’t end at the fact that it is the very first Blu-ray player for Mac. With the arrival of this one of a kind Mac Blu-ray Player, Mac users will now be able to enjoy Blu-ray quality and experience on their desktop. What sets it apart as an innovation in its truest sense is the fact that it is also the world’s very first 'universal' media player. It can not only play Blu-ray HD movies on Mac or PC, but support any formats of movie, video, audio, music and photo that exist today. The Mac Blu-ray player supports Blu-ray decryption as well as DVD decryption.
One of the very distinctive features of this multi-purpose universal Blu-ray player is its user interface. It is kept easy to understand and navigate. Although there are complex codecs and hardware acceleration techniques working in the background, we tried to keep the front end simple enough for users with any level of computer knowledge.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 106.48493
Retrieved Text: I have a 15" Retina Macbook Pro mid-2014 running 10.10.3. I just purchased the Samsung 6X USB 2.0 Slim Blu-ray Writer and I'm running Macgo Mac Blu-Ray player. When I put in a Blu-Ray movie, there's no recognition of the disc in Mac Blu-Ray Player. It doesn't seem to be recognizing the drive. I've tried 10 different movies and none work. However, when I pop in a DVD it works just fine. What should I do?
Re: Why can't I still play Blu-Ray movies on my Macbook Pro?
Have you tried contacting Samsung support? Or Macgo support?

########
Rank: 10
Score: 106.3969
Retrieved Text: OS X Mavericks (version 10.9) is the tenth major release of OS X, Apple Inc.’s desktop and server operating system for Macintosh computers. You may have updated your Mac and are enjoying the great features it brings you. However, this new OS also doesn’t support native Blu-ray playback. Never mind. UFUSoft Mac Blu-ray Player software can help you play Blu-ray on Mavericks (OS X 10.9).
Download Blu-ray Playing software Mac OS X Mavericks FREE to play Blu-ray movies on OS X Mavericks 10.9, which can not only play Blu-ray Disc, but also support Blu-ray folder and ISO image files. This Mavericks Blu-ray Player is reliable and expert in playing Blu-ray discs released in different regions and dates trough simple clicks of mouse on Mac OS X 10.9.
UFUSoft Mac Blu-ray Player OS X Mavericks supports playing Blu-ray Movies on iMac, MacBook Air, MacBook Pro, Mac Mini, Mac Pro, etc with original quality. Also this player enables users to choose the specific Blu-ray title/chapter to play.
Blu-ray Player Mac OS X Mavericks can support all media formats of movie, video, audio, music and photo. It is multilanguage supported and easy handled with user-friendly interface. After adding DTS5.1 into it, Mac Blu-ray Player can bring your Mac to the most popular Blu-ray HD video enjoyment. The strong compatibility of Mac Mavericks Blu-ray Player supports Mavericks 10.9, Mountain Lion 10.8, 10.7, 10.6, 10.5.
How to Play Blu-ray on Mac OS X Mavericks?
Step 1: Insert your BD into the Blu-ray driver. Download and install the UFUSoft Mac Mavericks Blu-ray Player. Then Run the program

########
Rank: 11
Score: 106.10802
Retrieved Text: Mac Blu-ray Player Pro & Windows Blu-ray Player Standard.
Love Standard version better? Go for Macgo Standard Suite (Mac BD Standard & Windows BD Standard).
Macgo Blu-ray Player series products bought from our website or other agencies are only for individual users.
To find out more information, please check our Refund Policy.
Each registration code can be used on one and only one computer.
Affiliate or OEM business please send mail to our Business Team.
Without permission, any commercial use of products of Macgo is strictly prohibited.
If you have any questions, please send mail to our Support Team.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 104.02
Retrieved Text: A professional audiobook DRM remover, ThunderSoft Audiobook Converter for Mac convert audiobooks to unprotected MP3, AAC, M4B, M4A, WAV, FLAC and other popular audio format.
Macgo Mac Blu-ray Player Pro version is the best entertainment choice for the original Blu-ray Menu, Blu-ray Disc, ISO files, and BDMV folder. The Pro version enhances UHD 4K video viewing experience and original audio quality, and improves player performance with better hardware acceleration. It can be fully compatible with the latest Mac OS 10.13 Sierra.
Plonk is a Stockholm based label and community of music producing artists in the electronic music and Machine Pop realm. All artists release music of their own while achieving community synergy.
Any HEIC Converter can assist you to view HEIC (HEIF image file extension) images and convert HEIC to JPEG, JPG and PNG in high quality and fast speed.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 102.98526
Retrieved Text: 1. How to Play Blu-ray Movies on Mac?
Preparation: 1> Mac computer(iMac, Mac Pro, Macbook Air/Pro, Mac Mini, etc.); 2> Blu-ray drive (USB≥ 2.0 or FireWire≥ 400); 3> Aurora Blu-ray Player; 4> Network connection.
Step 1: Connect the Blu-ray drive to Mac via USB interface.
Step 2: Download and install Aurora Blu-ray Player.
Step 3: Play Blu-ray movie: 1> Run Mac Blu-ray Player; 2> Insert BD into the Blu-ray driver; 3> Open and play the Blu-ray disc.
2. How to Get and Use the Free Trial?
3. Everytime you load Blu-ray DVD disc/ISO/folder, the Registration window will pop up.
You can buy and register to remove all the limitations.
3. What kind of Blu-ray media are supported by Blu-ray Player on Mac?
First, there should be a BD and an external blu-ray drive with a USB interface. The USB should be above 2.0 and the transferring speed should be as fast as possible.
Second, there should be an ISO of blu-ray movie in your Mac.
Third, there should be a blu-ray video folder in your Mac.
4. What can I play via Aurora Blu-ray Player?
Aurora Blu-ray Player is the best and universal media player in the world. Besides Blu-ray discs, it can play DVDs, ISO image, video, audio and photo. It supports almost all media formats existing today: Blu-ray, DVD, Video CD, MOV, MKV, AVI, FLV, WMV, MP4, MPEG, RMVB, MP3, WMA, AAC, AC3 and more.
5. System requirements for Aurora Blu-ray software?
6. Why need Internet Connection?
Aurora Blu-ray Software needs Internet Connection during BD decryption. Users should know that one Blu-ray Disc only need one decrypting process. The users

########
Rank: 14
Score: 102.96791
Retrieved Text: When I switched to using a 5K Retina iMac everyday, I thought, “Yeah, the display is nice, but really, what’s the big deal?” After a long period on the 5K Retina iMac, I switched back to using a laptop with a standard display, and I finally realized what the big deal was all about. With the Retina 5K iMac, the crispness and clarity was much more immediately noticeable to me, perhaps because I’m much more attuned to using a Retina display, or because the size of the screen and the 5K resolution makes a bigger impression.
Do you own a 5K Retina iMac and want to play Blu-ray discs right there on your screen? The good news is that it is possible even though Apple doesn’t support the format.
Mac doesn't support Blu-ray natively so the first thing you’ll need is an external Blu-ray drive. There are several available including models from Buffalo, Samsung, LG, ASUS and Sony.
The one is install a 3rd party software like Macgo Mac Blu-ray Player or Aurora Blu-Ray Player, so you can play the 4K Blu-ray on this 5K Retina display immediately.
The other is install a 3rd party software like Brorsoft Blu-ray Ripper for Mac, to rip the 4K Blu-ray to Mac compatible MP4, MOV or MOV format, so that you can watch the ripped digital Blu-ray movies on 5K Retina iMac or other Apple devices without original physical disc and Blu-ray drive no longer.
If you choose the first method, just download the Blu-ray player online, install and open the 3rd party Blu-ray

########
Rank: 15
Score: 102.95593
Retrieved Text: Some of you may wonder how to play Blu-ray real quick on Mac. Well, Mac Blu-ray Player has a "Quick Play Mode" featured as super fast loading speed. It can perfectly support all kinds of Blu-ray Discs. This tutorial will tell you how to play Blu-ray quick on Mac.
After installing Mac Blu-ray Player, you can go to "Launchpad" and click on its icon to launch the program. The simplified main interface will reduce certain misoperations. You can see a menu at the top of the interface. Open "Preferences" under "Mac Blu-ray Player" click "Blu-ray".
There are two play modes you can choose. Tick "Quick Play Mode". Click "OK".
Note: The default play mode is already "Quick Play Mode". But if you want to use Blu-ray Menu Mode, please tick it every time before you open a Blu-ray disc.
Now that The default play mode is Quick Play Mode, all you have to do is insert a disc into the drive and click "Open Disc", or click "Open File" to choose a local media file to wait for the program automatically start.
The loading speed is ultrafast. Then a menu will show up. Before you play the movie, you can make some adjustments in the menu according to your own preferences. You can choose where you want to watch in "Chapter", or choose the audio language in "Audio" and the "Subtitles". Then you can directly click "Play Movie" to enjoy some Blu-ray time.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 102.90225
Retrieved Text: Perhaps you are bothered with that there’s no software to play your Blu-ray Disc or Blu-ray ISO files. However, you can get rid of this trouble by using Windows 7 Blu-ray Player, which is an easy-to–use video software program and could give you a unique experience with its high video broadcast quality and customer-oriented design.
Free trial version is now available on Macgo Official Download Center, or you can click here to download Windows 7 Blu-ray Player. Keep the Setup file where you can easily find, like desktop, and then double click it to open the file, please follow the procedures precisely to finish the installment.
After installing Windows 7 Blu-ray Player, you can double click on it to launch the program. The simplified main interface will reduce certain misoperation problems. You can see two buttons there: Open File and Open Disc.
Connect the Bly-ray drive with your PC via a USB cable. Insert the Blu-ray disc you want to play in the drive. Press the second one, and follow the instructions.
After waiting for several seconds, the special Macgo Blu-ray disc Menu will come up. In the disc Menu, you can play the movie directly or select the chapter, subtitle, audio track, and title, etc. Afterward, you can enjoy the Blu-ray audio-visual feast.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 99.63199
Retrieved Text: Superstring Pro 2.9.3 – Create stunning lyric videos in minutes.
MetaTV 1.8.0 – TV shows with a professional look.
Mac VideoRipper Pro 1.0.5 – The easiest video downloader.
JustBroadcaster YTEd 1.7.6 – Video streaming for YT.
Video Editor MovieMator Pro 2.3.1 – Full-featured video editor.
Macgo Blu-ray Player Pro 3.2.3 – Blu-ray player with extended format support.
Mitti 1.2 – Easy-to-use video-cue solution.
Video Editor MovieMator Pro 2.3.0 – Full-featured video editor.
JustBroadcaster for Facebook 1.8.6 – Video streaming for Facebook.
Photo Theater Pro 4.5.1 – Slideshow Movie Maker.
DivX Pro 10.8.4 – Playback DivX media.
NoteBurner M4V Converter Plus 4.3.2 – Remove DRM from M4V videos.
Video Editor MovieMator Pro 2.2.2 – Full-featured video editor.
Lumen 1.0.3 – Analog-Style Video Synth for Mac.
AnyMP4 Mac Video Downloader 6.0.82 – Download and Convert Online Videos.
iTubeDownloader 6.2.8 – Video downloader.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 99.46158
Retrieved Text: FLV stands for Flash Live Video, it is a container file format used to deliver video over the Internet using Adobe Flash Player version 6-11. Flash Video content may also be embedded within SWF files. There are two different video file formats known as Flash Video: FLV and F4V. Both formats are supported in Adobe Flash Player and developed by Adobe Systems. FLV was originally developed by Macromedia. Similar media formats include SWF, or Shockwave; and F4V, which is an updated and improved version of FLV. Many popular websites are using this Flash Video format now, including YouTube, Hulu, Google Video, Yahoo Video, Reuters, and some other news providers.
To view FLV files, a computer must have a Flash Player as a separate program or as an add-on installed through the web browser. Because Flash video is so prevalent throughout the web, the majority of web browsers include add-ons to accommodate FLV streaming files.
Another way to view FLV video is via Flash downloads for that a Flash Player also is required to view them on the computer. In the absence of a Flash Player, a Flash converter may be used to change the Flash video file to another file type that can be easily viewed with existing software.
Macgo Mac Blu-ray Player: Play FLV movies on your Mac.
Macgo Windows Blu-ray Player: Play FLV on Windows platforms.
Macgo Free Mac Media Player: Play FLV for Mac OS X.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 99.25863
Retrieved Text: Summary: Do you own a Mac and want to play Blu-ray Movies on your screen? This article will show how we can watch Blu-ray movies on the Mac directly.
Blu-ray disc requires fairly robust and reliable hardware for smooth playback, so we suggest you upgrade your components on your computer to get better effect. Ok, let’s see what do we need for playing Bly-ray on Mac.
You should have a Blu-ray drive, internal or external. You can buy one in stores or from amazon line, if you do not have one. The USB of the drive should be above 2.0. Connect the drive with Mac via USB connection.
By one click you can download UFUSoft Blu-ray Player for Mac to your computer and install it.
Run UFUSoft Blu-ray Player for Mac first. Insert BD into the Blu-ray drive, and it will load automatically. Click the icon in the lower right corner and press “Open Disc” button to select the disc you want to watch in the pop-up dialogue. Besides Disc, UFUSoft Mac Blu-ray Player can also play Blu-ray ISO files and other video formats, just press “Open File” button. Then you can enjoy the Blu-ray movies on Mac.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 99.159195
Retrieved Text: To watch Blu-ray or DVD movies on your Xbox One, you first have to install the Blu-ray app. To install the app, choose one of the following options. Install from. Download this app from Microsoft Store for Xbox One. See screenshots, read the latest customer reviews, and compare ratings for Blu-ray Player. 29 Dec The Xbox One S and the Xbox One X support UHD 4K Blu-ray You will end up on the Microsoft Store right on top of the Blu-ray Player app.
1 Jan Begin by inserting your Blu-ray or DVD into your Xbox One console. The Blu-ray disc app will appear on the menu; select it to open the app. 23 Feb Playing a physical disc on your Xbox One isn't supported by default. You need to install the separate Blu-ray Player app first—here's how. 23 Apr There are altogether three methods for you to set up and install the Blu-ray and DVD player app on Xbox One S. You can try one of them to do.
You can play Blu-ray discs and DVDs on your Xbox One console. Step 2: Choose the blu ray player app and select Install on the application details page. 16 Nov Last weekend I reported that the 4K Blu-ray drive in Microsoft's Xbox One X console was a disaster. Its pictures artificially raised the baseline. 11 Dec Unfortunately, the Xbox One X's 4K Blu-ray drive got off to a shaky start. to download the console's Blu-ray app before your 4K Blu-ray discs. To watch Blu-ray movies on your Xbox One,

########
Rank: 21
Score: 99.12395
Retrieved Text: Amazing Blu-ray/DVD Playback Remove all protections.
iReal Mac Blu-ray Player corresponds to the most striking feature of Blu-ray, which is the unprecedented HD quality, both visual and auditory. This Blu-ray Player Software manages to remove all layers of protections of BD and DVD. In the meantime, the ultimate HD experience that iReal Blu-ray Player can bring to you is unimaginable. Have you ever dreamed about owning a home theatre? I bet you have. Choosing iReal Mac Blu-ray Player is to choose a home theatre, all for you and only for you.
Home to all media formats, which are just one click away.
iReal Blu-ray Player integrates Blu-ray, DVD and all types of HD video formats into its functional list. Instead of going through one Blu-ray Player Software after another, iReal Mac Blu-ray player spares the efforts in frustrated testing and serves as an almighty media player. It means no need to check those dazzling format supporting list any more. All-in-one style is what iReal Blu-ray Player is offering. It is the home to all popular media formats, which are just one click away. Just play it, whatever.
Mac & Win. iReal Everywhere. Full-Compatibility.
It just works. In more ways than ever.
The versatility and power of this Blu-ray Player software from iReal help it fit in just about everywhere. Being fully compatible with all Mac OS X, from V10.5 (Leopard) to the newest V10.8.2 (Mountain Lion), iReal Mac Blu-ray Player runs seamlessly on all Mac models, MacBook Air, MacBook Pro, Mac Pro, Mac mini, and iMac. By the same token, Windows is

########
Rank: 22
Score: 99.08625
Retrieved Text: Blu-Ray Player for Mavericks can play almost all Blu-ray discs, Blu-ray folders and Blu-ray ISO image files released in different regions with zero limitation on OS X Mavericks. The best Mavericks Blu-Ray player allows you to choose the main movie, preferred suitable, audio track (Dolby Digital and DTS 5.1 channel audio supported) and language to play.
With the OS X 10.9 Blu-ray Player, you can enjoy 1080p HD video with truly high image quality and fluent video effect. What’s more, the Blu Ray player Mavericks can play any video formats like AVCHD, MTS, M2TS, TS, MXF, MKV, TRP, MOV, MPEG, RMVB, and FLV, etc. on OS X Mavericks.
How to Play Blu Ray on OS X 10.9 Mavericks?
To play Blu Ray disc on OS X Mavericks, an external Blu-ray drive is necessary. Connect it to your Mac via USB.
Free download and install Blu Ray Player for Mavericks on OS X 10.9 Mac.
There are two buttons on the interface of the player. Click “Open Disc” button to movies from Blu-Ray disc or click “Open File” button to load video file from hard drive. Click button to start playing your Blu-ray disc.
When movie is loaded, you can play Blu-Ray movies with outstanding and perfect video quality on Mac OS X 10.9 Mavericks.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 99.05573
Retrieved Text: Red Giant Software offers the complex digital video plugins Bundle 2018 for software compositing and video montage such as After Effects, Apple Final Cut Pro, Nuke and Sony Vegas.
Moom allows you to move and zoom windows - using either the mouse or the keyboard - to predefined locations and sizes, or to full screen mode.
Macgo Mac Blu-ray Player Pro version is the best entertainment choice for the original Blu-ray Menu, Blu-ray Disc, ISO files, and BDMV folder. The Pro version enhances UHD 4K video viewing experience and original audio quality, and improves player performance with better hardware acceleration.
TechTool Pro - ordered diagnostics?
New TechTool Pro is the most advanced version of the diagnostic and troubleshooting utility for Macintosh computers. Easy to use and suitable for both home users and professionals. TechTool Pro uses full compatibility with 64-bit systems, which allows the program to work more efficiently on the latest Macintosh computers.
MainStage 3 lets you take a Mac with you to the stage. Full-screen interface optimized for live performances, full hardware control and an extensive collection of plug-ins and sounds that are fully compatible with Logic Pro X.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 99.03123
Retrieved Text: I have a Blu-ray drive on my Windows 10 and some Blu-ray discs, I rarely play those Blu-rays even they are 1080P FHD videos, which are much better than DVDs. Blu-rays are still too much for people like me to have a large collection. But I do want to play them sometimes and make backups of them, which would be great. I am new to Blu-ray and have questions, but I think I have somehow found the answers and there are my ideas about how to play Bluray as well as DVD discs on Windows 10, macOS High Sierra, Mojave etc.
A Bluray drive is your must-have for Bluray playback. I’d like to recommend some on Amazon.
Internal Blu-ray drives are recommended for desktops running Windows . Among so many Blu-ray drives on Amazon, LG WH16NS40 Super Multi Blue Internal SATA 16x Blu-ray Disc Rewriter is the best seller as well as the Amazon’s choice and was rated 4.3 out of 5. With SATA as the interface, it should be compatible to any desktop computers. With 575.44 Mb/s 16x max read speed, it plays Blu-ray disc nicely and smoothly. And you are surely able to use the below recommenced USB drives as well.
More and more laptops and all Mac computers nowadays don’t come up with even a DVD drive, not to say the Bluray drives. USB Bluray drives are the best option for those who want to play, rip and burn Bluray disc on PC and Mac.
Pioneer Electronics USA Slim External Blu Ray Drive BDR-XD05S Silver are the

########
Rank: 25
Score: 98.62544
Retrieved Text: How to Rip Blu-ray to MOV for iMovie/FCE/Avid or QuickTime Player?
How to rip/convert Blu-ray to H.264 MOV format for iMovie/FCE/Avid or Quicktime Player? In this article you will get the best Blu-ray to MOV converter for Mac and Windows.
Blu-ray movies are popular due to its high-definition video quality, many people buy Blu-ray movies to watch them on HDTVs, we can get better visual enjoyment. Have you collected a lot of Blu-ray disc movies? If yes, that will be wonderful. Besides playing Blu-ray movies on HDTV or portable devices, Quicktime Player, some Blu-ray users also have the need to convert Blu-ray movies, or edit Blu-ray with iMovie/FCE/Avid in order to use some video materials. But most of them have encountered the problems when they try to import Blu-ray to iMovie/FCE/Avid or Quicktime Player.
Just as showed above, in order to import Blu-ray to iMovie/FCE/Avid or Quicktime Player, you will need to convert Blu-ray to iMovie/FCE/Avid or Quicktime Player supported format. From Mac product page you will learn h.264 mov or QT MOV is the native codec, so before loading Blu-ray to iMovie/FCE/Avid or Quicktime Player, you will need to convert Blu-ray to H.264 MOV format, only thru this method can you edit Blu-ray with iMovie/FCE/Avid natively and play blu ray with Quicktime Player, and you don’t need to render the videos anymore.
1. Download the best UFUSoft Blu-ray to Mac converter Mac version or Windows version from our website, install the software on your computer. Just double click the icon to run it, you will see this program’s main

########
Rank: 26
Score: 98.600334
Retrieved Text: Play video on Raspberry Pi is quite easy what you need is a media player such as XBMC, which is a great media center interface that works on many platforms including the Raspberry Pi. This post will show you how to download and install XBMC on Raspberry Pi and viewing Blu-ray disc on Raspberry Pi via XBMC.
Now we need to run the installation script with sudo privileges.
You will then be greeted with a screen similar to the one below. You are now using the installer. Simply follow the instructions and you should be fine.
Unfortunately, Blu-ray discs aren't supported by default XBMC. The following part will show you 2 ways to enable Blu-ray playback via XBMC on Raspberry Pi.
MakeMKV does coupled with an XBMC plug-in that can give you a pretty close experience of viewing Blu-ray movies on XBMC on Windows or Linux. Here we will describe the step of setting up all on Windows platform.
Download the installation package from MakeMKV's web site and install it as you would any other program on Windows platform.
Download the zip file linked on that page and install it to XBMC's video plugins folder, it's most likely in , which you can access by going to your home folder, showing hidden files (by going to View > Show Hidden Files) and double-clicking on the folder.
Now open up XBMC and go to your video plugins menu. Its location will differ on every skin, but on the default skin it will be under Video > Video Plugins > BluRay. go to the bottom

########
Rank: 27
Score: 97.749626
Retrieved Text: Blu-ray Player – лучший Blu-ray-проигрывателей, тот или иной легко и для рослой быстроты отражает совершенно медиа форматы. При помощи оригинальной научно-технической новинки AirX, Blu-ray Player сможет легко терпеть поражение что придется Blu-ray видеоролик для iPhone / iPad / iPod touch.Выступающая вероятность расшифровки может быть Mac Blu-ray Player 2.4.0.0930 + Ключ несложный подсознательно справедливый междумордие разрешат вас приобрести сегодняшний день восторг с просмотра видеоролику в виде Blu-ray HD.
Mac Blu-ray Player is the first universal media player for Mac&PC in the world. It can not only play blu-ray HD movies on Mac or PC Mac Blu-ray Player 2.4.0.0930 + Ключ, but also support any formats of movie, video, audio, music and photo you have ever seen. Particularly, you are able to add subtitles to movie or video, and share the movie’s information with your best friends. Furthermore, it has very easy and convenient interface and layout as Mac Blu-ray Player 2.4.0.0930 + Ключ well as the hardware acceleration technique that can reduce power consumption effectively.
The first blu-ray player that can support Mac&PC system.
Perfect supporting Blu-ray decryption and is capable of removing AACS, BD+.
DVD player as well. Supporting Mac Blu-ray Player 2.4.0.0930 + Ключ DVD decryption and DVD menu.
Outstanding universal performance. Play anything including movie, video, audio, music and photo.
Powerful High-Definition video player and hardware acceleration available.
Playback position recording and resuming.
All media formats supported here: Blu-ray, DVD, VideoCD, MOV, MKV, AVI, FLV, WMV, MP4, MPEG, RMVB Mac Blu-ray Player 2.4.0.0930 + Ключ, MP3, WMA, AAC, AC3 and more.
Share movie or video information with friends anywhere and anytime. 9.Nice interface

########
Rank: 28
Score: 97.24215
Retrieved Text: Download free and latest version of macgo windows blu ray for windows version of different 32 and 64 bit as well. This is an offline installer and setup for the blu-ray media player. Another wonderful player among the list of windows media players of pc is the macgo blu ray that is compatible with all sorts of windows version like xp windows 7 windows 8 and windows 8.1 and windows 10. It is loved due to its feature of blu ray especial compatibility, that is it can run different file extensions of blu ray wheather in iso or other formats.
Macgo is used to play the blu ray discs right from the disc, and iso files without being extracted into pc or like that. It supports different types of media extensions like mp4, MOV etc in which a blu ray can be happened. Many pc owner love the media player just because it can run the dvd play back, which most of the other media players can handle and play properly.
Its interface is highly customizable, chose from color changing to shortcut buttons, all are under your control. Different types of skins available, apply the one which attracts you most.
It can play the ISO blu ray files.
Macgo free and latest version can run the play backs right from dvd.
It has highly customizable interface, apply different skins, and choose your own color.
It has shortcut keys option, while you can apply the specified button for a short cut of your own choice, Thats why macgo is loved due to its

########
Rank: 29
Score: 96.51208
Retrieved Text: HaileyLi is a very good girl. She's brilliant and always passionate everyday. Her dance show won the best in Pavtube annual last year - that's so impressive as we all followed the rhythm of her music while forgot to put down our galsses lol. Hailey also helps us a lot in work and we all like this lively girl. So as her birthday is coming, we suggest to throw a party for her and include all the staff that day. This plan was soon approved and came with another surprise: we'll offer some benefits of DVD Ripper for all Pavtube customers!
Hailey's birthday is on Apr 29th, it should be a warm spring's day, as lovely and temperate as her. I'm planning to buy her a mystery present and blow out her birthday candle together...what a wonderful moment.
This article mainly discusses about how to Copy Blu-ray to Galaxy Tab 4. In this page, you will find the info about Galaxy Tab 4, and how to backup "The Blues Brothers" Blu-ray to Galaxy Tab 4 (7.0, 8.0, 10.1) for watching.
With the Galaxy S5 smartphone launch out of the way, Samsung is focusing on its new lineup of tablets, which will debut May 1. Available now for pre-order, the Galaxy Tab4 series comes in 10.1-inch (pictured), 8-inch, and 7-inch screen sizes. The HD display, multitasking capabilities and easy sharing features make the Galaxy Tab4 a great fit for both consumers and businesses, as well as perfect for watching movies.
However, one of its big disadvantages is the failing into Blu-ray.

================



======= Instance Index 6289 =========
Input Text: If a description of a situation begins like this: [header] How to feed a guinea pig [title] Feed your guinea pig hay. [step] Guinea pigs love hay! They need it for digestive and dental health. Guinea pigs should have unlimited access to hay, which often means refilling a good-sized dish 3 to 5 times daily.... Then how
does it continue? 

Ending 1: The amount of hay you feed your guinea pig should always be somewhere between an over sized dish and an empty one. Remember not to feed your guinea pig hay that is not hemp hay.

Ending 2: Timothy hay will provide good feed for them, but is not as naturally nutritious as hay from your local feed store. [title] Buy feeding bowls with straw at the bottom of them.

Ending 3: [substeps] Combine timothy hay with grass hay (100 g or 1/2 to 1/4 cup) whenever possible. Hay is a great source of solid protein that your pet needs.

Ending 4: [substeps] Timothy hay is the best hay for all guinea pigs in general. They will happily eat it and play with it, and it's healthy for pigs of all ages.

Target Text: Ending 4

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 130.15387
Retrieved Text: Should guinea pigs eat broccoli?
Are guinea pigs allowed to eat alfa hay?
NO Never feed AlfaAlfa to a guinea pig! It gives them upset stomach, and sometimes diarriah.
Does a guinea pig eat lots of hay?
I don't know if I'd say a lot, but guinea pigs do eat a type of hay called timothy hay.
How much should you sell your guinea pigs for?
Should guinea pigs eat romaine lettuce and how much a day?
you should try to stay away from lettuce, especially iceberg lettuce, it isn't very nutritious. your better off feeding spinich, bean sprouts, bok-choy and other green leafy veg Answer: yes but it can ONLY be romaine lettuce.
How much daily vitamin c does a guinea pig need?
Can guinea pigs eat timothy hay?
Yes. They also like green leafy vegetables like lettuce, also carrots and fruits like apples and pears.
Should my two 20 week old female guinea pigs have a different diet when they eat guinea pig pellets with added vitamin c drops a lot of timothy hay and water with a few spinach and cucumber pieces?
How much does a guinea pig eat in a day?
How much should a guinea pig coast?
It depends on the store. If you go to petco (like me) they are around 80 probley, But if you go to a local pet store they are probley cheaper but sometimes guinea igs there are not as healthy. Hope this helped!
Why do guinea pigs eat so much?
not only does the guinea pig eat much but every other animal but the pig. every animal but the pig can

########
Rank: 1
Score: 121.36687
Retrieved Text: Guinea pigs are fun are adorable, personable pets. Though they live in cages and are thus easier to care for than a dog or cat, they do require a bit of special attention when it comes to their diet. Adhere to these guinea pig feeding tips, and your little one will stay happy and healthy for years to come.
Tip 1: Go easy on the iceberg lettuce.
Iceberg lettuce may be the cheapest variety of lettuce in the store, but it's also the least nutritious. If you feed too much to your guinea pig, it will take the place of more nutrient-dense foods. Say no to the iceberg, and feed a darker, more nutrient-dense lettuce like romaine or red leaf lettuce, instead.
Tip 2: Feed a vitamin C-rich food every day.
Tip 3: Feed some grass hay for fiber.
Having some hay to munch on will give your guinea pig something to do when he or she is bored. Hay is also a great source of fiber in the diet, so it keeps your guinea pig's digestive tract healthy. A handful of timothy grass hay every couple of days is sufficient.
Tip 4: Feed a couple of carrot slices per week.
Carrots are higher in sugar than most vegetables, so feeding your guinea pig too many of them can encourage unhealthy weight gain. A couple of carrot sticks now and then, however, are a good idea because they help grind down guinea pigs' teeth.
Tip 5: Spend extra for a quality pelleted food, made just for guinea pigs.
Your guinea pig may happily munch away

########
Rank: 2
Score: 118.848305
Retrieved Text: What can my Guinea Pig eat?
Guinea pigs can eat a huge variety of fruits, vegetables, herbs and other plants. Hay is an essential in your guinea pigs diet as it provides the much needed fiber, protein and roughage that a healthy guinea pig requires. Timothy hay is a great hay to supply for your guinea pig as it contains the right balance of fiber, protein and carbohydrates and can be eaten throughout all stages of a guinea pigs life.
Fresh grass is a great food for a guinea pigs diet as it can be consumed in large amounts and is great for their digestive system. When selecting grass for your guinea pig you should select fresh grass that you know hasn’t been sprayed with any chemicals. Lawn clippings should never be given to your guinea pig in substitute for grass.
Pellets are an addition to your guinea pigs diet, however not all pellets marketed towards guinea pigs are suitable for their diets. When choosing a pellet for your guinea pig look for something that is timothy hay based instead of alfalfa, and ensure there are no nuts or seeds in the mixture.
Fresh vegetables may be fed to your guinea pig daily, however fruits should be treated as treats and fed sparingly. One cup of fresh fruits and vegetables is allowed per guinea pig per day as over consumption of vegetables and especially fruits can cause diarrhea.
Below is a list of several fruits, vegetables, plants and herbs that guinea pigs enjoy eating as well as a list of toxic

########
Rank: 3
Score: 117.3038
Retrieved Text: Ah, guinea pigs. These adorable companion pets often have their owners wrapped around their little paws. Who can resist the soulful stare of a guinea pig or the wheeking noise made when they suspect food is on the way. But what food should you feed your guinea pig? You love them as family, but you can’t feed them the same food you eat.
What to feed your guinea pig is a question that arises the moment your new friend enters your life. The first guideline is to find out what your guinea pig was being fed before he or she joined your home. Drastic changes in diet can cause digestive upset, so find out what your guinea pig was eating and continue it. If you wish to make changes to your new family member’s diet, do so gradually. Over the course of a few weeks, offer more of the foods you want your guinea pig to eat and less of those you want to discontinue.
Guinea pigs are herbivores, which means they eat plants. Your guinea pig’s diet is all about freshness. Fresh hay and fresh, leafy vegetables make up the bulk of guinea pig daily eating.
Besides being nutritious, guinea pig food needs to fulfill two unique needs of guinea pigs: tooth wear and vitamin C supplementation.
Guinea pig teeth grow continuously, so the teeth regularly need to be worn down by the guinea pig chewing on nutritious, fibrous food — and that’s the cue for plenty of hay. Guinea pigs should have access to clean, fresh hay all

########
Rank: 4
Score: 117.258514
Retrieved Text: I rescued an adult female guinea pig and I am not sure how much to feed her. She has both cube hay and loose hay along with guinea pig food. I give her fresh fruits and vegetables twice daily, yet she still squeals a lot when she hears the refrigerator door open. I was also wondering if it’s possible if you can over feed guinea pigs vegetables. If they receive five to six different vegetables a day, is this too much?
Guinea pigs are not gorgers like a dog or cat. They eat their fill, then they walk away. This behavior makes it possible to leave pellets down all day. Because hay is a great source of Vitamin C, feeding eighty percent hay, ten percent pellet and ten percent fruits and vegetables has been a long-standing formula when feeding guinea pigs. Offering a variety of fruits and vegetables — like a handful twice daily — will keep your guinea pig healthy. Variety is very beneficial. Regarding the squeaking when the frig door opens, well, guinea pigs are smart creatures and they know that fruits and veggies come from the refrigerator. So why not try to work you for an additional treat! Finally, guinea pigs can become overweight from a lack of exercise. Like people, they can develop heart problems and circulation problems, so floor time insures your guinea pig will stay nice and trim.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 110.17629
Retrieved Text: Guinea pigs are a member of the rodent family who originate from the Andes Mountain area of South America. They have a lifespan of 4-6 years and usually grow to around 1kg in bodyweight. They make great pets as they are clean and quiet, and if handled regularly become very tame and sociable. However they do have some particular dietary and housing requirements, which owners should be aware of.
Guinea pigs are herbivores, and in the wild grasses form a large part of their diet. Because of this, guinea pigs, like rabbits and horses, have evolved to have teeth that grow throughout life. To prevent overgrowth it is important that pet guinea pigs are also feed a primarily fibre based diet. This is best achieved by always having a high quality grass hay available.
Another important consideration in a guinea pig diet is Vitamin C. Guinea pigs (like humans) do not produce their own Vitamin C and must obtain this in their diet. Feeding dark leafy greens like spinach, kale and dandelion leaves will ensure your guinea pig gets enough Vitamin C. Guinea pigs develop their eating habits early in life. This it is important that they are exposed to a variety of foods while they are quite young (first weeks of life).
Guinea pig pellets should have additional vitamin C added (rabbit pellets will not - which is one of the reasons it's important not to feed these). However it's important not to feed too many pellets as these will not properly wear the teeth and are likely

########
Rank: 6
Score: 106.25996
Retrieved Text: The first time I heard the term guinea pig I started to imagine a fat pig running up and down and having a mud bath. But when I did my research and found out that a guinea pig is not a pig or even anything close to that.
Your guinea pig will need to have an healthy diet just like any other animal. You will have to acquire guinea pig foods or foods the guinea pig would eat in it's natural environment. Ensure that your guinea pig has fresh supplies of vegetables and fruits to keep it filled and healthy. Feed your little ball of cuteness vegetables once per day. This should be one cup full of leafy delights. You can mix your guinea pig veges and serve stuff like; Lettuce, carrot, spinach, etc. Your guinea pig will enjoy a variety of fruits such as tomatoes, ripe bananas etc. Don't over feed your guinea pig as this will result in you having an obese inactive pig which may develop health issues later.
Keep Your Pet Guinea Pig Hydrated.
One of the most important elements of caring for any pet is providing it with fresh, clean water at all times. You can use a bowl or a bottle.
Bottles are less messy but leak whilst bowls don't leak and are more natural for guinea pigs. However, if you use wood shavings expect to see some mess in the water bowl.
The best water dispenser is a guinea pig/rabbit bottle with the little ball in the spout.
What To Make Your Guinea Pig Sleep

########
Rank: 7
Score: 105.8993
Retrieved Text: Your guinea pig is an herbivore, which means he eats only plant material like hay. Herbivores need to have food moving constantly through their digestive systems to avoid serious health problems.
Hay is absolutely vital to the digestive health of your guinea pig. It prevents obesity, dental disease, diarrhea and boredom.
Your guinea pig should have unlimited access to high quality grass hay.
Your guinea pig should eat a pile of hay as big as his body every day.
Avoid alfalfa hay unless directed by your veterinarian. Instead choose timothy, orchard grass or oat hay.
Unless the hay in your pet’s habitat is soiled, do not replace it as this could encourage picky eating!
A fortified pellet helps you make sure your pet is getting all of the vitamins and minerals required for a healthy diet. 1/8 cup of pellets per day is suggested to prevent obesity.
Avoid mixes with nuts, corn, seeds and fruit. Guinea pigs cannot digest these rich ingredients. Also providing these treats along with healthy foods can encourage picky eating.
Guinea pigs love fresh vegetables, but consider them a treat. These should not be offered in larger amounts because they are too watery and lack the nutrient density of the pelleted diets. Furthermore, many guinea pigs develop a preference for veggies over pellets if they are offered in large quantity.
Guinea pigs love variety, so mix and match vegetables over time. Just remember to introduce new vegetables slowly to avoid upsetting your pet’s stomach.
Guinea pigs, unlike most other mammals, cannot make vitamin C and must get their daily requirement from their

########
Rank: 8
Score: 105.77433
Retrieved Text: If you're planning to adopt or buy guinea pigs, you need to make sure you're prepared with all the necessary items to make them safe, happy and healthy.
We've compiled a STARTER KIT LIST which only lists items that we have purchased and tested ourselves so we know them to be good. You can order all these items from Amazon online and have them delivered directly to your door. We've included links to all these products to make it easy for you to find them and purchase.
Please remember that guinea pigs should always be in pairs or more as they are social animals. A solitary guinea pig will become lonely and depressed.
Hutch or Cage: You will need a hutch or a cage in which to house your new guinea pigs. If you're planning on having your pets outdoors then you must buy a hutch. If you are keeping indoor guinea pigs, you can buy a cage.
Guinea Pig Friendly Disinfectant Hutch Cleaner: Cleaning the hutch or cage on a regular basis is essential and you'll need to ensure the cleaning fluid you use is safe for your guinea pigs. You mustn't use standard household cleaner for this.
Care sheets: To help keep on top of all your guinea pig's needs.
We like the guinea pig habitat cage as it is the right size for two guinea pigs and measures 120cm x 60cm. Anything smaller is not big enough as they need space to run and play. The Habitat Plus comes with a cage divider, ramp and cage top which is

########
Rank: 9
Score: 105.68246
Retrieved Text: how do I find neat names?
How to go about finding a vet?
guinea pig dali apparently on mend, again?
hamster cage Hammock pattern. . .
hamster cage Secure your cage doors!
ear infection, ear infections, inner ear infection degu sick am having rant!!!!
Do males hump each other?
degus loving nibbling a little to loveing!!!!
guinea pig, guinea pig food, pig food I got GROOMED!!!!!
chinchilla pellets, guinea pig, guinea pig food, guinea pig pellets, guinea pig rescue, pet supplies, pig food, vet tech help please NO PET STORES HAVE THE RIGHT degu food!?!?!
dandelion greens, guinea pig, guinea pig pellets, romaine lettuce, timothy hay Veggies for picky eaters?
male rat no, no, no, no shoot shoot shoot!!!!!!!!
guinea pig "Popcorning" behavior in Degus?
chinchilla pellets, dandelion greens, degu food, guinea pig, guinea pig food, guinea pig mix, guinea pig pellets, pig food, sunflower seeds, timothy hay what should i feed my degu?
chew toy, chew toys Safe Chew Toys ? ?
vet visit Average life span/special care for aging Degus?
chinchilla pellets, guinea pig, guinea pig pellets, pumpkin seeds, romaine lettuce, seed mix, sunflower seeds, timothy hay New degu names?!?!
dark brown, degu care Oh my, I'm a grandmother!
dust bath Creating a digging pit?
nesting material Favorite nesting material?
Update on my 8 baby goos.
I'm a Grandma once more!
cardboard box, cardboard boxes, chinchilla pellets, dust bath, exotic pets, fish tank, hermit crab, hermit crabs, pet owner, pet store, pet stores, sit still, timothy hay I Need Help!!
chinchilla pellets, dandelion greens, degu food, guinea pig, guinea pig food, guinea pig pellets, pet store, pig food, romaine lettuce, timothy hay Degu deit??
aspen shavings, dried pine,

########
Rank: 10
Score: 105.54443
Retrieved Text: Guinea pigs, also known as cavy, is a domesticated rodent that originated from the Andes in South America. They were originally domesticated for their meat, but today they are a popular pet. They make great pets for children because they get used to being handled and they are not known for biting or scratching. Let’s take a look at the normal diet of these cute creatures.
The natural diet of the guinea pig is grass. Interestingly guinea pigs also create special soft pellets of feces (poop) that they eat to recycle B vitamins, fiber, and the bacteria they need for digestion.
What to feed a pet guinea pig?
Guinea pigs can be fed fresh grass or hay together with specialized pellets designed to meet their nutritional needs. Many people also feed their pets alfalfa, although some controversy exists about this practice. Like humans, guinea pigs must get all of their vitamin c from food sources otherwise they can get scurvy. To prevent this they can be fed fresh fruits and vegetables that are high in vitamin c such as; apple, broccoli, celery, carrot, cabbage and spinach. They also require many other nutrients, which can be obtained through specially formulated food or with a balanced diet.
The term “guinea pig” is often used to relate to a test subject. This came about because guinea pigs were once commonly used in scientific experimentation. They are still used for this purpose today, but make up only about 2% of all animal testing.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 105.21953
Retrieved Text: Guinea pigs need hay, but which type is best? What are all the options? What’s the best way to store it? How long does it last in storage? Here’s what you should know about Guinea Pig Hay.
What is the Best Way to Store Hay?
How Long Does Hay Last?
What’s the Difference Between Alfalfa Hay and Timothy Hay?
What’s the Best Way to Feed My Guinea Pigs Hay?
Provides nutrients such as protein, calcium, phosphorus, magnesium, and carbohydrates. The amount of nutrients depends on the type of hay.
Sierra Valley – a farm in California that offers several different types of hays. You can order 20-lb boxes with mixed hays if you want a variety.
The important thing to note about hay is that if it gets wet or damp, it can mold. Make sure you keep your hay dry. You can help make sure it stays dry by keeping it away from moisture-prone areas and make sure it gets plenty of air. Setting it directly on the ground or on concrete can wick moisture up into it, so it’s best to keep it stored up off the ground.
Hay is highly flammable, so keep it away from any source of heat.
If you store hay outside or in an outdoor building, make sure it’s covered with a tarp or something else to keep moisture out of it. Hay stored outdoors is prone to collecting moisture from the humidity in the air.
Indoors, you can store the hay in a closed container or plastic bag if it is very dry. You can opt to store

########
Rank: 12
Score: 104.43869
Retrieved Text: amount depending on the guinea pig’s overall body condition. Also feed free choice ZuPreem® Nature’s Promise™ Hay Products. When introducing a new food, begin with a mixture of the “old” and “new” foods. Gradually increase the amount of new food over a 7 to 10 day period. Provide plenty of fresh, clean water.
FYI, none of these pellets listed have wheat gluten specifically, so hopefully they are unaffected by the shipment of bad wheat gluten from China.
Feeding Directions: Feed approximately 5-6% of their body weight on a daily basis.
Ingredients: Timothy Hay, Wheat Middlings, Oat Hulls, Wheat, Dehulled Soybean Meal, Oats, Corn, Gluten Meal, Soy Lecithin, Dicalcium Phosphate, Salt, Soy Oil, Choline Chloride, Distiller's Dried Grains with Solubles, DL-Methionine, DL-Alpha Tocopheryl Acetate (Vitamin E supplement), Menadione Sodium Bisulfite Complex (source of Vitamin K activity), Calcium Pantothenate, Niacin, Biotin, Vitamin A Acetate, Vitamin B12, Riboflavin, Pyridoxine Hydrochloride, Thiamine Mononitrate, Folic Acid, Vitamin D3 Supplement, Limestone, Manganese Oxide, Zinc Oxide, Copper Sulfate, Calcium Iodate, Cobalt Carbonate, Magnesium Oxide, L-Ascorbyl 2-Polyphosphate (source of Vitamin C).
I don't think this one is in the list. If it is and I missed it then I apologize.
Wheat middlings, dehydrated alfalfa meal, soybean hulls, soybean meal, ground corn, toasted corn flakes, cane molasses, dehydrated carrots, limestone, dicalcium phosphate, hydrolyzed animal and vegetable fat, lignin sulfonate, iodized salt, soybean oil, vitamin A acetate, vitamin D3 supplement, vitamin E supplement, menadione sodium bisulfite complex (source of vitamin K), ascorbic acid, biotin, choline chloride, folic acid, niacin, pyridoxine hydrochloride, riboflavin, thiamine mononitrate, vitamin B12 supplement, calcium iodate, copper oxide,

########
Rank: 13
Score: 104.32595
Retrieved Text: Get great sheets deals on eBay! Guinea pig bedding is an essential factor regarding beeswax how they have a very beeswax good relaxed lifestyle. GUINEA PIG care sheet Always wash your hands after handling sheets your guinea pig or its housing to help maintain sanitary conditions. It makes the cage warmer and softens sheets the feel of the floor every time a guinea pig steps on it. sheets Home » Information Center » Alternative Farming Systems Information beeswax beeswax Center » List of Alternative Crops Enterprises for Small Farm Diversification List of Alternative Crops Enterprises for Small Farm Diversification. If sheets ingested it swells sheets up , does not break down, the guinea pig drinks water creating a potentially serious blockage.
cup natural beeswax cup coconut oil cup olive oil 2 tbsp. ) Every day, fill your guinea pigs’ food bowl with fresh hay. Then shake the bedding over a sink trash can to dislodge any debris stuck in the fabric. Find fleece beeswax bedding guinea pig from a vast selection of Bedding. Guinea pig beeswax sheets.
Guinea pig beeswax sheets. Every other day collard greens, , add some salad to their meal with kale, zucchini shredded carrots sheets pigs. MakeUp Guinea Pig 5 years ago Reply Packaging a scrub in a convenient manner has to be almost impossible! Natural Nest Hideaway Grass Hut Toy Medium Rabbit Guinea Pig Small Pets Animals. Safety Data Sheets. Iorek Chopper de Montana Mistica Bulldogs X San Simon Xanadu com. A Safety Data Sheet ( sheets SDS) is a document that provides

########
Rank: 14
Score: 104.282974
Retrieved Text: Welcome to the useful links page, a resource page where we spread the love to other great guinea pig sites around the interwebs. Its constantly growing and expanding and these are the few i’ve seen and read.
Happy Cavy– a great site full of usefulness, including webcams for Hammy, feebee, Dot, and Buttercup. Also has a really useful list of guinea pig foods they can eat.
Emmas guinea pigs – Emma runs a guinea pig sanctuary in Brisbane, Austrailia and blogs about it as well. Full of useful info.
Guinea Pig Fun – a lovely site that focuses on the lighter moments of caring for guinea pigs. Also featured are rescued guinea pigs Jasmine, Charlie, Pearl, and Tiny Tim who each have their own web site.
Gorgeous Guineas – Awesome for helping with guinea pig medical problems.
Small Pet Select – Every piggie needs quality hay on a daily basis and Small pet select provide just that. They deliver fresh Timothy or Meadow Hay direct to your door and do it quickly! They also have a great GP blog.
Rodents with attitude – a guinea pig (cavy) care information source full of hints, tips and information that is easy to digest and aimed at the average pet owner.
Bertie the Guinea Pig – A great iphone/ipad/ipod touch app of stories for young children by Helen Aitken about Bertie the very noisy, friendly little guinea pig. There are seven unique talking tales to enjoy and Bertie has his own educational app too!
C&C cages – have the best guinea pig cages you can get.
Online Rabbit

########
Rank: 15
Score: 103.85093
Retrieved Text: Have you decided to bring a guinea pig into your home? As pets go they are quite easy to care for, but there are still a few essential items you’ll need in order to ensure their health and happiness. If you’re planning to buy your guinea pig in a pet store, you’ll most likely be able to buy most of the following items when you pick up your new pet. If you’re adopting your guinea pig from a shelter (something I highly recommend), it’s best to have all these things on hand before bringing your new furry companion home with you.
There are guinea pig owners who allow their pets to roam freely in their homes, but that simply isn’t a practical option for most people. Therefore, finding a high-quality cage is the first step in preparing for the arrival of your new pet. Cages come in quite a few different varieties, but the most important consideration in selecting a cage is size. Guinea pigs need a lot of space. Even if you are able to let your piggies play on the floor, their cage needs to be large enough to allow them to run and play. You should try to have at least 7.5 sq. ft. of space for one guinea pig and 10.5 sq. ft. for two, but bigger is generally better when it comes to cages. It’s best to give your new pets the largest home you can accommodate.
For this reason, it’s important to be cautious when considering “Guinea Pig Starter Kits” that include

########
Rank: 16
Score: 102.497475
Retrieved Text: 3 reasons why guineapigs are good for you!
More often than not we don’t actually realise how good our piggies are for us and though they cover their freshly clean cages in an endless trail of poops, these little guys are actually great for our health and wellbeing. Whether you’re stressed or feeling a little anxious about family, school or work, having a guinea pig could be a small fluffy solution to making you feel that bit better and here’s 3 reasons why!
Every guinea pig loves something new and exciting to play with. Whilst sat in their enclosures a certain ” scare guinea” pal might be just the trick to keep them busy and occupied throughout the day whilst you’re doing errands, at work or school.
So here’s our step by step DIY tutorial on how to make your own!
Last week it was pay day and when its pay day there’s a piggie haul ! Who can’t resist not spoiling those cute piggie face’s that pop up to say hello in their cage every morning. Believe it or not guinea pigs can actually get bored during the day and like us need toys to keep them busy.
So we popped over to Viovet to order a few Rosewood guinea pig toys we’d had our eye’s on for quite a while and just had to buy!
Sure to be a piggies alternative to our chocolate cravings, hay has got to be their go to daily treat to munch! As part of a guinea pigs daily food diet, they need hay to

########
Rank: 17
Score: 101.344284
Retrieved Text: Guinea pigs are sociable creatures. They love company, and will talk to each other, so it’s best to house them in pairs or groups.
We make Pet Homes in various sizes for two or more Guinea Pigs. If you want to view our range, just click on the button below, or read on for some useful information on how to provide a suitable home environment.
Guinea Pigs can be housed in an indoor or outdoor hutch.
The RSPCA recommend 120cm x 60cm as the minimum cage size for 2 guinea pigs (minimum floor area of 8 square feet), and to add 30cm for each additional guinea pig.
We make guinea pig homes in 4 different sizes with various roof and multiple tier options, depending on how many guinea pigs you want to house.
Our smallest size for guinea pigs is 120x60cm. It has a mesh front as standard, but you can also purchase the cage with a Perspex front, providing an enhanced view of your pet.
Guinea pigs don’t like to be too hot, so the cage should be kept away from direct sunlight, radiators, and also draughts. A comfortable room temperature should be between 15-22 degrees centigrade.
If you decide to go for an outdoor hutch, then the hutch must be raised off the ground. It must also be warm, well-ventilated, and draught-proof, and connected to a larger run enclosure.
Guinea pigs need a large run enclosure to fulfil their need to exercise, and to run and play. It’s important to note that an exercise wheel is NOT appropriate for a guinea pig,

########
Rank: 18
Score: 101.15252
Retrieved Text: Guinea pigs have longer life spans than many other pet rodents. While your guinea pig could easily be around for five years or more, mice and hamsters live just a couple of years. The longer life span means more responsibility and a longer commitment, especially if you want your guinea pig to live a healthy happy life.
Guinea pigs live an average of five to seven years, according to the University of Pennsylvania's Penn Veterinary Medicine. Average means some guinea pigs live longer lives and some live shorter lives. For example, the University of Michigan's Museum of Zoology points out that guinea pigs can live up to 14 years.
Which type of guinea pig you have at home determines how long he can live. Hairless guinea pigs, for example, have a higher life span average -- seven to eight years -- than other types. Long-haired guinea pigs, on the other hand, live less, with average life spans of five to six years.
How well you care for your guinea pig will affect how long she lives. A healthy, well-balanced diet will do wonders to extend your guinea pig's life. For example, the University of Pennsylvania's Penn Veterinary Medicine recommends not feeding alfalfa hay to your guinea pig because its high calcium content can cause health issues. Instead, buy Timothy hay or orchard grass. Also, guinea pigs cannot produce vitamin C and must be fed supplements or fruits high in vitamin C in order to stay healthy.
Guinea pigs can suffer from a number of health conditions. Treated early, many of

########
Rank: 19
Score: 100.59722
Retrieved Text: What are the safe foods for guinea pigs? It is important to supply your guinea pig with the right foods and nutrients to live a healthy life. But sometimes knowing what they can and cannot eat isn’t always black and white. What exactly should they eat? Here’s a short list.
Hay- Good source of fiber, wears down teeth, low in calories but filling. Use Alfalfa hay for newborns. Guinea pigs need an unlimited supply of hay at all times.
Pellets- Should be the base of their diet. Make sure they are high in fiber and contain Vitamin C.
Lettuce- A delicious salad vegetable high in calcium. Make sure to avoid iceberg lettuce, which will be discussed later.
Cherry tomatoes- Can be fed frequently, but the stalks and the leaves are poisonous.
Cucumbers- They can eat both the flesh and the skin.
Corn on the cob- High in Vitamin C and fiber. They can also eat the husks. It contains a lot of starch, so don’t feed them too often.
Iceberg Lettuce- Gives them diarrhea and doesn’t contain any nutritional content.
Onions, leeks, chives, etc.– Can lead to blood disorders.
Banana- High in sugar and can cause constipation.
Anything with seeds- Hard to swallow and digest, choking hazard.
When feeding guinea pigs, use common sense, and make sure you’re feeding them right. If you’re unsure, don’t. Doing this will make sure your furry friend will live a long and happy life.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 99.86668
Retrieved Text: If you notice your guinea pig grinding his teeth, it could be a warning sign of a potentially serious problem. Guinea pigs may grind their teeth in response to pain, or it could indicate a dental problem that could lead to an infection or difficulty eating. Guinea pigs also grind and chatter their teeth to indicate annoyance, so it could mean there is a problem with a cage mate. In either case, identifying the source of the problem quickly can help you return your cavy to his former healthy, happy state.
One reason a guinea pig might grind his teeth is a reaction to pain. In the wild, ill or injured guinea pigs are easy prey, so they tend to try to hide obvious symptoms as much as possible. Oftentimes, the only signs a guinea pig is seriously ill are subtle cues like teeth grinding and weight loss. In order to spot illness as early as possible, weigh your guinea pig every week, and if you notice tooth grinding accompanied by a sustained drop in body weight, get your pet to the veterinarian immediately.
If your guinea pig grinds his teeth and seems to have difficulty eating, it could be a dental problem. Guinea pig teeth grow constantly and they require a regular supply of grass hay to wear down the molars. If a guinea pig's teeth become overgrown, he may have difficulty biting vegetables or pellets, and may grind his teeth in an attempt to wear them back down. Any problem that affects your cavy's ability to

########
Rank: 21
Score: 99.47048
Retrieved Text: I recently bought a Guinea Pig here in Iloilo and I've been having the hardest time.
No hay anywhere! Can anyone suggest what I can feed him in lieu of hay? I've been feeding him pellets and vegetables, but I hear that hay is essential to their diet.
I took my cavy to the vet for a check up and the Doctor gave me multivitamins (LC-VIT) to give him. Isn't this bad for them? I don't know who to follow, my vet or the stuff I've been reading on the internet.
As for the cage, I had one made based on the pics I saw on Guinea Pig Cages. I've been using old newspapers and wood shavings as bedding. Is this okay?
You might try a farmers' supply store to see if they have hay, or can suggest anywhere that you might get it. Oxbow also sells its products internationally, but that would probably be very expensive.
You're probably better off following the vitamin recommendations from here and GuineaLynx (http://www.guinealynx.info) than from a vet who doesn't know anything about guinea pigs.
Some kinds of wood shavings are ok and others aren't -- do a search on this site to see what the recommendations are.
If you can find the right kind of grass, you can feed your pig that.
I probably wouldn't feed the multivitamins. If they are getting a good variety of vegetables it probably isn't need. What type of pellets are you feeding?
Newspaper isn't very absorbent. Like bpatters said, some type of wood shavings are okay to use. Cedar isn't. A lot

########
Rank: 22
Score: 99.23423
Retrieved Text: Cleanliness is the best guarantee to keep your pet in good health. Clean the feed dish daily, the water bottle at each refill. Change bedding every 2-3 days and clean and disinfect the cage and accessories once a week.
Ferrets can pick up fleas and ear mites from either cats, dogs or other ferrets. Both of these parasites can be treated with Revolution – which is sold over the counter at Spearwood Veterinary Hospital.
Ferrets can be affected by heartworms and the best prevention is Revolution. Intestinal worms rarely cause problems in ferrets therefore routine worming is not required.
Ferrets are strict carnivores. Hills Science Diet cat/dog foods are suitable for ferrets.
Ferrets have continuously growing nails that need to be trimmed regularly.
Guinea Pigs do not require any vaccinations.
Lice/mites are quite common in guinea pigs. They may be picked up from new bedding (eg. hay, straw) or other guinea pigs. Some mites are visible to the naked eye and cause itching and scabs. Guinea pigs do not generally attract fleas from dogs or cats.
Heartworm and intestinal worms are not generally a problem for guinea pigs, therefore no routine worming is required.
Guinea pigs are neophobic. This means that they adopt a strong preference for a food type in the first few days of life. So it is a good idea to feed a range of food types from an early age such as fresh fruit and veggies, good quality hay and pellets.
If you are not planning to breed from your pet, desexing is recommended. It ensures a calm temperament and reduces

########
Rank: 23
Score: 99.21897
Retrieved Text: Can Guinea Pigs Get Colds?
Colds are something that us as humans get.
The sneezing that often comes with having a cold is often a sign that we are coming down with the ailment.
There are times when we may see a piggy sneezing and so it may seem that they have a cold too.
So can guinea pigs get colds?
Guinea pigs can’t catch colds. This is because human colds are caused by viruses, respiratory problems in guinea pigs are caused by bacteria.
If you see your guinea pig sneezing then this is quite normal for a guinea pig to do. However, sneezing excessively can be the sign of a respiratory problems.
If you see any discharge from their nose, then this could be related to a sinus or respiratory infection.
Some nasal discharges or sneezing are merely due to an allergic reaction caused by soft wood beddings or hay that is dusty.
You may even find that you guinea pig is allergic to certain types of hay. It is worth checking this is not the case.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 99.119606
Retrieved Text: Guinea pigs get bored just like any other animal. Therefore, you should find ways to entertain them, such as providing toys and creating a more interesting cage. Also, providing time outside of the cage every day will give your guinea pig some exercise as well as entertain them. Finally, providing food treats will help keep her diet interesting.
Crumple up a piece of paper. Use plain paper, and crumple it into a ball. Put in your guinea pig's cage, or let her play with it when she's out. It sounds too easy, but guinea pigs like the crumpling noise and will likely gnaw on it.
Create cheap cardboard tunnels. Cut up a wrapping paper tube into short lengths. Your guinea pig will toss it around and play with it. Just be sure to cut down the side so that your guinea pig doesn't get stuck inside.
Make a stuffed sock. Find an old sock, and stuff some of the guinea pig's clean bedding material inside. Tie off the sock on one end. Cut off the end of the sock. Your guinea pig will pull the pillow around her cage and chew on it.
Use ping-pong balls or tennis ball. While you're technically not making these toys, you likely have a few laying around the house. Just toss them in the cage, and let your guinea pig have fun.
Add tunnels and hiding spaces. Guinea pigs enjoy burrowing into their own personal cave or running through tunnels. You can use simple items such as cardboard tubes and small paper bags to keep

########
Rank: 25
Score: 98.667496
Retrieved Text: Oxbow Essentials Adult Guinea Pig Cavy Cuisine addresses the complete nutritional needs of adult guinea pigs. You can rely on this food to address the specific needs of your guinea pig as he moves through adulthood, and to help him maintain good health.
Features: Oxbow Essentials - Adult Guinea Pig Food is made from timothy grass meal, which includes the high fiber adult guinea pigs need. However, it contains a lower level of protein, calories and calcium than alfalfa-based pellets. The digestive systems of adult animals do not require the same level as that of younger animals. Essentials - Adult Guinea Pig contains stabilized Vitamin C and an optimal calcium-to-phosphorus ratio that helps maintain a healthy body. When fed with Oxbow grass hays and treats, Essentials - Adult Guinea Pig provides complete stabilized nutrition.
The following information is meant as a guideline. The needs of individual guinea pigs may vary. If your guinea pig is over or under weight, please contact your veterinarian for more specific feeding information. 75% of your guinea pig's diet should be grass hay.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 98.000824
Retrieved Text: This guinea pig cage makes an ideal temporary home for your guinea pig, whether it be for a trip to the vets or if you need to bring your pet inside during colder weather.
The cage includes a built in hay rack as well as doors to the top and side for easy access. There is plenty of space for toys and chews.
This guinea pig cage is suitable for up to 2 guinea pigs and has dimensions of 80cm x 45cm x 42cm.
Please note that guinea pigs should not be kept permanently in indoor cages and need plenty of exercise for stimulation. Ideally they should be kept in a larger hutch with a run for the majority of the time and you can view our range of Guinea Pig Hutches elsewhere on our website.
Please note that colours of this cage may vary.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 97.94561
Retrieved Text: We also have a large selection of rabbit and guinea pig toys, rabbit and guinea pig accessories, rabbit and guinea pig carriers, rabbit and guinea pig cages and other rabbit and guinea pig related items. We stock some of the best value cages & products in the UK - tried and tested by thousands of happy customers. Often customers contact us once they receive their order to say just how delighted they are - apparently people are put off by the prices believing the goods cant be as fantastic as we say they are for the low price... they are! Try us and see, all our goods come with a 100% satisfaction guarantee.
A selection of feeding accessories for rabbits and guinea pigs - bottles, bowls, hay racks, hay mangers, vegetable holders, dishes, water bottles and much more!
Kingdoms and Castles for your rabbit or guinea pig. We have a lovely range of cages and hutches to suit all budgets and tastes. Bunnies, dwarf rabbits and cavies all love our cages - and remember there is free postage on orders over £29!
We have Rabbit Runs & Playpens, suitable for guinea pigs too! If you want to let your rabbit or guinea pig have a bit of freedom but still keep them safe then this is the ideal solution. These runs can be used inside our outside, and are able to flatpack when not in use. These can also be used in conjunction with many of our hutches. We have runs with open tops or wire tops (great if

########
Rank: 28
Score: 97.45965
Retrieved Text: If you have brought a guinea pig home to be introduced to your existing guinea pig or herd, you need to quarantine the new guinea pig for at least two weeks. A few guinea pig illnesses can incubate for a while, so a quarantine period of two to three weeks will allow enough time for an illness to show itself, should there be one ready to surface. Keep the newcomer in another room, away from... Guinea pigs are mostly described as a stocky and short rodent while hamsters are best described as burrowing rodent. Both are a like and often are confused with one another. Guinea pigs feeds on fresh grass hay and pellets while hamsters primarily feeds on fruits, vegetation, seeds and insects.
To hypnotize a guinea pig, roll it over a few times, then lay it on its back. It will remain still. To awaken the guinea pig from hypnosis, blow on its nose and turn it onto its feet. It will remain still.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 96.663315
Retrieved Text: What do the Guinea pig eat?
Grass is the guinea pig's natural diet. Guinea pigs benefit from feeding on fresh grass hay, such as timothy hay, in addition to food pellets which are often based from timothy. Alfalfa is also a popular food choice; most guinea pigs will eat large amounts of alfalfa when offered it, though there exists some controversy over the feeding of alfalfa to adult guinea pigs. Some pet owners and veterinary organizations have advised that, as a legume rather than a grass hay, alfalfa consumed in large amounts may lead to obesity, as well as bladder stones due to excess calcium, in any but pregnant and very young guinea pigs. However, published scientific sources mention alfalfa as a source for replenishment of protein, amino acids, and fiber.
The guinea pig (Cavia porcellus), also commonly called the cavy, is a species of rodent belonging to the family Caviidae and the genus Cavia. Despite their common name, these animals are not pigs, nor do they come from Guinea. They originated in the Andes, and studies based on biochemistry and hybridization suggest they are domesticated descendants of a closely related species of cavy such as Cavia aperea, C. fulgida, or C. tschudii, and therefore do not exist naturally in the wild.
What do the Aracaris eat?

================



======= Instance Index 4438 =========
Input Text: If a description of a situation begins like this: [header] How to copy paste tab delimited text into excel [title] Copy all of your tab-delimited text. [step] Tab-delimited text is a format for storing data from a spreadsheet as a text file. Each cell is separated by a tab stop, and each record exists on a separate line in the text file.... Then how
does it continue? 

Ending 1: Select all of the text you want to copy to excel and copy it to your clipboard. [title] Select the cell in excel that you want to paste into.

Ending 2: [substeps] Shortcut: click file, select paste tab. Save the file as mtrl and open a new file explorer window.

Ending 3: Therefore, all the cells in the spreadsheet document are in the same line. Allow you to highlight tabs if you want an edited effect.

Ending 4: [substeps] Paste tab delimited text is copied into cells a1 through a2. In the left-hand column, select cell a5.

Target Text: Ending 1

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 128.69926
Retrieved Text: Copy the data from Dagra by selecting Copy Data… from the Edit menu.
Paste the data into Excel by selecting Paste from the Home tab.
If the data all appears in a single column, follow the instructions in Converting Text to Columns below.
Select Copy data… from the Edit menu to copy digitized data to the clipboard.
Select the series you want to copy, the format and method to transfer Bezier curves. Excel will accept comma separated (CSV) or tab separated data. Usually Excel will automatically convert tab separated data into column data so tab separated is normally the best choice. The curve export option lets you choose how Dagra will convert the Bezier curves used to trace data into discrete points. Selecting Flattened curve will reduce the curve to line segments that most closely follow the data traced. Click OK to copy the data selected.
Data pasted into Excel with column headings added.
If Excel’s default text import options have been changed, the data may be pasted into a single column.
Select the digitized data you pasted into Excel.
Select Text to Columns from the Data menu (Excel 2003) or the Data page of the ribbon (Excel 2007 and later) to start the Text to Columns wizard.
Select the Delimited data type from the first page of the wizard. Press Next to continue.
Make sure the Tab option is checked in the list of delimiters. Press Next to continue.
Make sure the General data format is selected for each column in the data then press Finish to complete the wizard. Excel will split the imported data

########
Rank: 1
Score: 115.257126
Retrieved Text: SkypeContactsView is a new tool that displays the list of all Skype contacts stored in the local database file of Skype.
SkypeContactsView also allows you to export the contacts list into text/tab-delimited/comma-delimited/xml/html file, or copy them to the clipboard and then paste them into Excel or other spreadsheet application.
This entry was posted by NirSoft on August 24, 2014 at 8:26 am under Utilities Update. You can skip to the end and leave a response. Pinging is currently not allowed. Follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 111.90543
Retrieved Text: Block Attributes are an integral component of nearly every AutoCAD-based project I’ve worked on. Beyond the ubiquitous title block, Block Attributes are commonly used for Room Tags, to display calculations, and more. Whilst it isn’t too difficult to update a couple of Block Attributes, when the blocks to update ventures beyond that – the task quickly becomes as tedious as it is time-consuming.
I’ve long wished AutoCAD had a command that would let you link a block to something like an Excel spreadsheet. Although that wish has never been granted, the next best thing exists in the form of AutoCAD’s Express Tools. Two of my favorite Express Tool commands are ATTIN and ATTOUT. Put simply, the commands will export Block Attribute values to a Tab-Delimited text file (ATTOUT), and update Block Attribute values from a Tab-Delimited text file (ATTIN). In the video above I demonstrate how to use these commands in tandem with Microsoft Excel to quickly renumber the room tags in a floor plan.
Blocks are updated based on their Handle ID: Every object (including blocks) are assigned a unique Handle ID. No two objects in an AutoCAD drawing will have the same Handle ID, and the ID itself is designed to function as a unique identifier in the DWG database. This means you can move a block anywhere you wish in the drawing (even a different Layout tab), but you cannot erase the block. Erasing the block will change the Handle ID for the object, and thus break this method.
You may combine multiple TXT files: The

########
Rank: 3
Score: 109.796295
Retrieved Text: "Hi All, I have an interesting problem. I need to read some files and load them to a tab delimited files. Now for 1 source file say A.txt--the source file format may be tab delimited sometime or fixed width sometime with same file name.
How to convert a file from tab delimited to comma delimited?
I have a file of simply tab-separated integers (a .txt file) and I wish to read them in with just C, line by line. So, say each line has 5 integers.
What file extension should a tab delimited file have? When doing an export from Excel, it saves it as .txt when selecting tab delimited, but wasn't sure if this was the standard. Thanks.
10/11/2008 · Hi I 'm trying to create a program that can load a text file(tab delimited) into a datagrid for further work. It works fine with the following code, but my problem is when I load in a big file (270Mb, 1.7 mio rows), the process takes up around 850Mb, so clearly it's not optimal.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 109.685135
Retrieved Text: The following procedure allows you to copy text from AutoCAD and paste it in excel as a text.
First copy and stack the text in a column. Go to “express tools” and select convert text to mtext. now select all the text and click enter. All the texts are now a single entity and a multiitext.
Copy the text file and paste it in an excel sheet. The text will be in one cell and in a horizontal line.
This is how the text will appear when pasted in a excel sheet in order to arrange the text in separate rows ,go to DATA tab and click on TEXT TO COLUMNS icon and select DELIMITED option.
Now in order to arrange the text in a column, select the entire row 1 and then select COPY.
Repeat this procedure as required.
Note: When Text to column once selected in a cell (cell 1a) and the contents in that cell is deleted and another content is pasted in the same cell, it is not required to repeat the procedure (sorting of text in different cells) again.
Hello Mr. Bijoy, i have lisp for export Coordinates points to Excel directly.
KUDOS!!! I lost my lisp and I found this technique very helpful. Thanks!!!
if there any LISP file will helpful.
Thank you very much Mr Mahoharan.
Can you send it to me?

########
Rank: 5
Score: 107.57631
Retrieved Text: Stark C, Breitkreutz BJ, Reguly T, Boucher L, Breitkreutz A, Tyers M. Biogrid: A General Repository for Interaction Datasets. Nucleic Acids Res. Jan 1, 2006; 34:D535-9.
This zip archive contains a single file formatted in PSI MITAB level 2.5 compatible Tab Delimited Text file format containing all interaction and associated annotation data from the BIOGRID for all species and experimental systems. For more information on this format, check out our wiki.
This zip archive contains a single file formatted in PSI level 1.0 compatible XML format containing all interaction and associated annotation data from the BIOGRID for all species and experimental systems.
WARNING: This file format is obsolete, we highly recommend you use the PSI 2.5 format instead.
This zip archive contains a single file formatted in PSI XML level 2.5 compatible XML format containing all interaction and associated annotation data from the BIOGRID for all species and experimental systems. For more information on this format, check out our wiki.
This zip archive contains a single file formatted in Microsoft Excel tab delimited text file format containing all interaction and associated annotation data from the BIOGRID for all species and experimental systems.
WARNING: This file format is obsolete, we highly recommend you use the BioGRID Tab 2 format instead.
This zip archive contains a single file formatted in BioGRID Tab 2.0 Delimited Text file format containing all interaction and associated annotation data from the BIOGRID for all species and experimental systems. For more information on this format, check out our wiki.
This zip file contains a listing of protein-chemical interactions for the entire BioGRID

########
Rank: 6
Score: 107.26217
Retrieved Text: Use the Import/Export Add-on Pack for Schedule+ Version 7.0, to import the Windows Cardfile file into Schedule+ and then into Outlook.
You can import Windows Cardfile files into Outlook using a three-step Process.
Print the Cardfile records to a text file.
Manipulate the comma-delimited file in Microsoft Word.
Import the tab-delimited file into Outlook.
I used a little utility called BlackBook to do this. The actuall method seems very similar to the technet article and involves loading the .crd file into BlackBook and then exporting into .csv (delimited file) edit this file in Excel, then you can import the .csv file into Outlook for syncro with the PDA.
It's not perfect but it's very simply and works well.
only problem is that is appears to have used it's bandwidth for this month !!! so I do have a copy of the file if you would like me to email it to you, It's FREEWARE so no problem there.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 107.070435
Retrieved Text: A delimited file must be created and placed somewhere accessible by the sign auto-login account (dsw-autologin-<unit>, where <unit> is the specified unit prefix). This can be any type of delimited file, including Excel, tab-delimited or CSV. It can also be a published Google spreadsheet.
If the sign is to have dynamic images, a folder repository must be created to hold these images. This folder must be accessible to the sign auto-login account (dsw-autologin-<unit>, where <unit> is the specified unit prefix).
The same information from the simulation above is explained in a step-by-step format.
For each item you wish to display, populate the spreadsheet with information.
If you choose to have an image on your sign, be certain the image name in the spreadsheet matches the file name exactly.
Copy the key from your Google Sheet and save it for later use.
Note The key is the portion of the URL after "/d/".
Note Click File > Publish to publish the Google Sheet.
Log in to Content Manager.
Create a template with the same resolution as your digital sign (1920x1200 is typical).
Resize the region to match the size of the template.
Click the dynamic URL button.
Note You will need to overwrite the two <key> portions of the Path with the key from your Google Sheet URL. Overwrite <sheet number> with 0.
Select Separated text... from the Data format drop-down list.
Move the new content type to the region on your template.
Right-click the content object and select Edit Source Content Layout.
In the layout, define layout dimensions to match the region. No title or footer will be needed. Make the row

########
Rank: 8
Score: 103.34805
Retrieved Text: SapphireOne Utilities provides tools and custom functions that assist with data auditing processes and allows administrators to access, monitor and adjust datafile components.
Custom Functions are for running non-standard activities and should only be accessed at the direction of SapphireOne Support. Functions are grouped under headings that reflect their usage. i.e. those listed under the General Tab are common to all modes within SapphireOne, with other functions relevant to Financials, Assets and Payroll being grouped under the appropriate tabs.
Execute Allows access to all data fields and tables within SapphireOne. Authorisation is required.
Gateway Log Displays a log of all Gateway imports and exports. Details can be exported as a csv file.
Aging Allows aging of Clients and Vendor Balances to be recalculated.
AnalysisClient Balance Creates a tab delimited text file displaying additional details including historical information to assist with analysing Client Balance discrepancies.
AnalysisVendor Balance Creates a tab delimited text file displaying additional details including historical information to assist with analysing Vendor Balance discrepancies.
BAS GST Audit Exports a text file that contains a list of all transactions within a BAS period as determined by the requested start and end date entries.
BuildAnalysis Creates a tab delineated text file displaying additional information about Inventory built items.
Check Vendor ABN Checks all Vendor ABN’s for validity and exports invalid entry details as a tab delimited text file.
Client Allocation Audit Checks Client Allocations against Client Balances Total Due and exports allocation error details as a tab delimited text file.
Client Audit Checks History Journal Lines against Client Balances and exports details as a tab delimited text file.
CompareClientTotal

########
Rank: 9
Score: 102.00875
Retrieved Text: I needed to create and populate a security group in active directory so I could limit a group policy to only the relevant users. Those relevant users each had a folder under the server share with the folder name being their username. Given that there were several dozen users already in the directory, I was hoping to be able to get that data in the format I needed so I could do a simple copy/paste instead of typing them all in again. Here is the process I came up with, feel free to drop any further tips in the comments.
My previously suggested registry trick to allow the command prompt to use UNC paths wasn’t working in Windows 7 (at least not without a restart). Instead, I mapped a network drive to the server share containing the user folders.
I switched to Z: (CD Z:) and then wrote out the output from the dir command to a text file (dir > c:personaldrives.txt).
The text output included more data than what I needed. I deleted the information out of the top and bottom that didn’t fit the column format and saved/closed the file.
I now took the scrubbed data and opened up Excel. Switching to the Data tab, I selected to “Get External Data” from Text. I browsed to the personaldrives.txt file and chose to import it. On the screen that popped up, I chose Delimited.
Import into Excel as delimited and on the next screen check ‘Space’ as the delimiter and ensure the ‘Treat consecutive delimiters as one’ is checked. This

########
Rank: 10
Score: 101.6299
Retrieved Text: The Export Data dialog (Visualization->Export view as text) can be used to save the state of the current data set (maps, markers, and genotypes) as plain text files. The dialog will create either a .map file (for map data) or a .dat file (for genotype data).
The first step in outputting data is to decide what type of file to create.
Tab-delimited map file - selecting this option creates a .map file, that will contain a tab-delimited list of markers from the dataset. The file contains one marker per line, with each line containing three columns: the marker name, the name of the chromosome it is on, and its position (in cM) within that chromosome.
Tab-delimited genotype file - selecting this option creates a .dat genotype file, that will contain a tab-delimited list of lines from the dataset. A header row references the markers, then each subsequent row contains the name of a line, followed by all the allele scores for that line against each marker.
The second and third steps allow you to filter the exported data, to include either all the information within the current data set, or just a subset of it.
All markers and lines - if selected, data on all markers and all lines will be exported.
Only markers and lines I have selected - selecting this option ensures that only data on currently selected markers and lines will be exported. Any unselected markers or lines will be excluded from the export.
Only include data from the following selected chromosomes - use the table to select which chromosomes

########
Rank: 11
Score: 100.43615
Retrieved Text: In some cases, you may want to convert a PDF file into a text document. Our strategy for this implementation would be to create a custom plugin to convert a PDF file into a tab delimited text file. The PDF represents unstructured data and in order to get the data from PDF in a structured format, it must be interpreted according to the screen graphics(x and y coordinates).
The attached PDF to Text Conversion Usage Guide provides the API that can be used to transform a PDF document into a tab delimited text file. From the tab delimited text file, the data can then be converted to any format necessary.
In order to use the methods provided in the document, you'll need to place the attached jar files (PDFjars.zip) within the \AdeptiaServer\ServerKernel\ext directory. You can create a sub-folder such as "PDFconversion" to hold the jar files. Once this is completed, restart the Adeptia services and you'll be able to develop your custom plugin.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 100.25519
Retrieved Text: Converts data between delimited text (e.g., tab delimited) and flare DataSet instances.
Converts data from a tab-delimited string into ActionScript objects.
DataSet — an array of converted data objects. If the data argument is non-null, it is returned.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 100.16582
Retrieved Text: Stata results can be exported in a wide variety of ways. We've divided the approaches into two groups: working with the Results Window and working with estimated parameters directly.
Suppose you've run svy:mean on 3 variables, and Stata has produced a nice table in the Results Window that you want to capture.
Highlight the table in the Results Window.
Right click on the table and select Copy Table.
In Excel, click on the cell where you want the upper-left corner of the table.
You'll need to adjust column widths to see all the text. We've found that copying the upper half of the table separately from the lower half helps Excel select the right number of columns to use.
To copy into Word, count the number of rows and columns you'll need, create a table of that size, highlight all the cells in the table, and then paste. In the above example, the table of parameter estimates requires 5 columns and 6 rows if you do not include the top and bottom horizontal lines in your highlighting.
You can copy the highlighted table as a picture directly into a Word document. It's a perfect snapshot of the table in the Results Window.
Drag the left border of the Results Window to the right until the highlighted table just fills the width of the Window.
Right click on the table and select Copy as Picture.
In Word or PowerPoint, right click and paste where you want the picture.
You can resize the picture, and you can right click to edit it.
Suppose that we want to make a table

########
Rank: 14
Score: 99.08331
Retrieved Text: When you run an analysis module, visualization module, or pipeline, GenePattern displays the parameters for the selected modules. Often, one or more of these parameters are input files, which must have a particular format; for example, you might need to supply a gct or res file. For more information about a particular file format, select it from the list at the right.
This section provides general information to help you create properly formatted files for GenePattern.
Additional resources are available from our partnered site GenomeSpace. Their Convert file formats page lists supported file conversions, descriptions of file types, and an email to request new file format converters. Check their blog for newly added converters.
Although different GenePattern modules require different file formats, all of the files are plain text files. Plain text differs from rich text as described in Wikipedia, and these cannot be interchanged.
Data within files are parsed in various ways, e.g. tab-delimited, space-delimited, comma-separated, or one item per line. Most gene expression data is tab-delimited and you can open the file in a spreadsheet or database program that allows you to export the data into a plain text file. To transvert a plain text file to a specific format, e.g. GCT or CLS, the contents must conform to the attributes of the format as described and have the correct file extension. Required attributes include a specific delimiter, e.g. tab, specific usage for select cells, e.g. headings and numeric tallies, and/or unique sample and probe identifiers. File extensions appended to the end of a file are recognized by

########
Rank: 15
Score: 98.168335
Retrieved Text: You can save as text file and open in Excel. The text file will include both panes. It is tab delimited, so Excel import/open works fine.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 97.64245
Retrieved Text: If you are using something other than Minutemailer to send emails here’s a simple guide on how to switch to Minutemailer.
The traffic light says go!
Mailchimp is an advanced tool for working with newsletters, but it’s not for everyone. Minutemailer has an easier interface and lets you work faster, cheaper and get more things done.
The file is prepared for download on your Subscriber Exports page. Once it is done, click Export. Save the file to your computer's desktop.
Choose a list or create a new list.
Congratulations! Now you are ready to create emails using Minutemailer.
If your list contains special characters, your export may not display correctly in Excel. To see special characters in Excel, use one of these workarounds.
Change the file extension from .csv to .txt, then open the file in Excel. When Excel prompts for the file type and character encoding, set encoding to UTF-8.
Open the CSV file in a text editor, and make sure the text editor's settings are set to UTF-8 encoding. Copy all the content from the text editor and paste it into a blank Excel sheet. Then use the Text-To-Columns function in Excel to split everything into columns.
Campaign Monitor is also a more advanced tool for working with newsletters, but its not for everyone. Minutemailer has an easier interface and lets you work faster and get more things done.
Use the Export menu to select the type of subscribers you want to download, for example, "Active Subscribers" only or "All Subscribers."
Choose your preferred file type: CSV or tab delimited.
Select which subscriber fields to include

########
Rank: 17
Score: 94.74612
Retrieved Text: InstalledDriversList is a simple tool for Windows that lists all device drivers that are currently installed on your system. For every device driver, the following information is displayed: Driver Name, Display Name, Description, Startup Type, Driver type, Driver Group, Filename, File Size, Modified/Created Time of the driver file, and version information of the driver file.
If the driver is currently running on Windows kernel, the following information is also displayed: Base Memory Address, End Address, Memory Size, and Load Count.
This utility works on any version of Windows, starting from Windows 2000 and up to Windows 10. On 64-bit systems, you must use the 64-bit version of InstalledDriversList.
Added 'Open In RegEdit' option, which opens the Registry key of the driver in RegEdit.
After running it, the main window of InstalledDriversList displays the list of all drivers installed on your system. You can select one or more items (or select all items with Ctrl+A), and then copy them to the clipboard (Ctrl+C) and paste them into Excel or other spreadsheet application. You can also use the 'Save Selected Items' option (Ctrl+S) to export the selected items into csv/tab-delimited/xml/html file.
Green Icon - The driver is running on Windows kernel.
Yellow Icon - The driver is not running on Windows kernel.
Red Icon - The driver is not running on Windows kernel, but it should be loaded automatically when Windows starts. When you see a red icon, it's possible that something is wrong with the driver. Be aware that on Windows 8, there are 2 drivers of the operating system that are normally displayed

########
Rank: 18
Score: 94.205666
Retrieved Text: The ODBC TEXT driver has a limit on the number of characters per row (a “record”) being imported. We cannot find official documentation on this limit, but based on investigation the limit is around 2013 to 2018 characters when importing from TEXT file.
We can suggest the following: when importing a text file, keep each row to at most 2000 characters, which includes any space and tab characters. To do this, open the text file in Notepad (or any plain text editor) and replace long file-names, Sample-names and any other descriptors with shorter ones.
The ODBC Excel driver has a higher limit on the record size (again, don’t know the exact number), so converting the text file to .xls could be a work-around. However, if the file has too many columns, even Excel would also fail when trying to import it.
Open the text file in Excel.
When the Text Import Wizard opens, click Next for all steps, keeping all the default settings for a tab-delimited file.
When importing the file into Analyst select the “Microsoft excel Driver” (XLS), ensuring that the file is closed in Excel.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 93.76405
Retrieved Text: You can append records to an existing list by uploading a file (tab-delimited, comma-delimited, or Excel format) into your Act-On account or by copying records from an existing list or segment in your Act-On account.
In the Add to List Contents drop-down, choose Upload an Excel or text (CSV) file.
In the Add to List Contents drop-down, choose Add the Contents of an Existing List or Segment.
In the Import From drop-down, select the list or segment.
To add a single record to an existing list: open the list in question, and click on More Actions > Add Contact.
To type in multiple contacts at once with basic information (First and Last Name, Company, Email Address): click on More Actions > Add Contacts.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 93.71169
Retrieved Text: More and more clients use the Content Management Systems for their websites and publishing information. Some of these CMS systems allow for translations, but the work mostly needs to be done on-line and we, translators, can forget about using the CAT tools, which can save us much time and effort (and allow us to make more money in shorter time). This article describes how to prepare a file exported from CMS in the Microsoft Excel format for translation in Trados.
Fortunately, all CMS (should) allow exporting the data into translation-friendly format, such as Microsoft Excel files. The bad point is that these files contain a lot of HTML formatting (tags), which are not recognized by CAT (in my case Trados – I will use this from now on). Without special preparation, the tags will be included in the source as a normal text rather than tags. Not all translators are familiar with HTML, so this may result in damaging the HTML code, removing parts of the code, and all other kinds of problems. Translation memory created using “unprepared” text will be useless, since it would contain all HTML codes and will not produce any leverage for any further translation projects.
Let’s take a look at the sample of XLS export.
We want to translate only the red & bold text and leave all other text as it is. Thus, we have to prepare the data for translation in Trados.
First, keep a copy of the original file, since we will be deleting some data from the XLS and later we

########
Rank: 21
Score: 93.68642
Retrieved Text: I have tried BCP / Bulk Insert, but it did not help. The original datafile contains a header row (which needs to be skipped).
I tried importing data using BCP / Bulk Insert, however, non of them worked.
Your input file is in a terrible format.
Just Saved your file as .CSV and bulk inserted with the following statement.
Just notice that some data from ICD name has overflown into LoadDate Column, Just use the | pipe character to deliminate and use the same bulk insert statement with FIELDTERMINATOR = '|' and happy days .
There is some confusing data, where the fifth column can be either empty, or filled with numbers, or filled with text.
I guess that, in these conditions, bulk insert might not work properly. As Excel seems to manage your file in quite a clean way, you should think about an extra step, from CSV to Excel and then to your database.
Ok, so, this was a seemingly simple task to push delimited data from flat-file to SQL server. I thought BCP was the way to go (i used it earlier and was successful).
I tried all the options, but, it was adding multiple steps to my process, but was do-able.
I stumbled upon invoke-sqlcmd & import-csv commandlets from powershell. Turns out, I can import the data using powershell directly. it is a bit slow at this time, but, i can live with that for now.
Not the answer you're looking for? Browse other questions tagged sql sql-server bulkinsert bcp tab-delimited or ask your own question.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 93.64152
Retrieved Text: This is a database of about 850+ multiple choice questions and answers on Diabetes.
If you are a medical student or medical professional this database may become helpful for your learning and research. Some questions may also be helpful for patients as well however we recommend patients to seek professional doctor’s advise before acting on any information.
The package contains a list of multiple choice questions and correct answers related to the Diabetes symptoms, cure, medicines, prevention and other aspects. The data file is available in Excel Spreadsheet, MS Access Database and TAB delimited Text file format. The text files can be imported in a database e.g. MySQL or MS Access or in Excel.
Every question has 2 to 5 multiple choices of possible answers and a correct choice and answer. Questions are tagged with one or more keywords that the question is related to. This will help to quickly find all questions related to a specific keywords. Please check out “”Additional Info”” section for the list of all 330+ keyword tags.
All files are zipped in a less than 1 MB downloadable file.
The package contains the list of multiple choice questions and correct answers in Excel2007 Spreadsheet format, MS Access 2007 Database and TAB delimited Text file format. The text files can be imported in a database e.g. MySQL or MS Access or in Excel. Each of the MCQ can have up to 5 choices and 1 correct answer.
If you need data in any other format please send your requirements to sales@ebusinessgems.com. We would happily assist you in data

########
Rank: 23
Score: 93.36627
Retrieved Text: I've often read in forums and mailing lists about people having problems with importing a glossary into Multiterm. Most of the time you need a bilingual glossary from which you can insert terms into Word, TagEditor or SDL Edit.
A few years ago I had the same problem and it was then that I developed a Perl script to convert a tab-delimited text file into an XML file compatible with Multiterm's bilingual glossary template. Unfortunately this script ran only inside Notetab Pro, which can execute external scripts and grab their output.
Now I learned how to handle encoding conversions in Perl and I made a standalone version of the script, which can be downloaded here. Actually two scripts, one for English – Polish, and the other for Polish – English glossaries.
Before you use the script, you will have to edit it once to adapt it to your language pair. The script may be made smarter in the future, but for now it does its job well, once you edit the language settings.
Change English (United States) and EN-US to the correct settings for your source language. Go to line 45 of the script and repeat this step for the target language.
You can check the correct language names and codes in step 3 of 5 of Multiterm's Termbase Creation Wizard.
Make sure that you do not delete the quotation marks around the language name and language code, nor the forward slash at the end of the tag.
If you leave these characters without any changes, they will break the import into Multiterm.
To

########
Rank: 24
Score: 93.23239
Retrieved Text: I still keep getting no Patient, nor Study event data.
1. How do I pick the specific patient?
2. Why is there a 0 next to Study Event Definitions, although I did specify this aspect?
This section allows you to view or download the data in your study based on a dataset design you have created and saved. You are presented with a graphical model as well as written instructions detailing the five steps that need to be taken in order to complete the entire process. Please click the Proceed to Create Dataset button to begin the process.
You can access your dataset in one of the 4 currently available formats - HTML, tab-delimited text, comma-delimited text, or SPSS format.
Data may be viewed online in HTML format. Study Events and CRF for each event that you selected when designing the dataset are shown in the left side information panel. You can click on column headers to see the complete "metadata", (i.e. the properties) of that particular variable.
Can someone please show me how "Extract Data" works? So far, I have not been successful in Data Export from my Default Study.
I have consulted OpenClinica manual at: http://www.openclinica.org/OpenClinica/2.0/doc/3_2_createDataset_Help.html without any hint on what I may be doing wrong.
All I get as exported file (if viewed as HTML) is one row of information without associated data. The other options (Tab-delimited Text … CDISC) do not show associated data either.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 92.31241
Retrieved Text: (%>tar xfvz filename), NOTE: TSV files are tab-delimited text files. Users can import these to Excel sheets.
NOTE:the file "PARK_v2/RNASEQ_MM9_gene_expression.fpkm.tsv" included "NR" refseq records, which causes slightly different FPKMs compared to those in "gene_expression.dat" at known_genes.tar.gz.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 92.182846
Retrieved Text: Flex datagrids and Excel part 2 | It is what it is, sometimes it helps.
I had several people contact me about this regarding extending functionality or how to get it into a file. At the time I was asked to implement the function the customer wanted it into the clipboard hence the copy/paste method I produced but I didn't think about how easy it would be to extend this to a downloadable file.
John Gag mentioned a method he uses which didn't quite work when I had date formatters. We currently generate many excel spreadsheets using HTML formatting to color code excel but I wanted a simpler version with no formatting/colors. Excel will automatically populate cells based on TAB delimited strings so I used my original method with a few changes and simply posted this back to Coldfusion ( or in this case Railo ) or PHP. ( I tested this in OSX with Excel, Windows with Excel and Ubuntu with Open Office and they all worked ).
And below is the CFML and PHP.
Now I'm sure this method could apply to asp, pl or any other server side language I just made it for the 2 I have available. The great thing about this method is that I can send any tab delimited data from a grid as a POST to my server without having to customize server side code in anyway.
Cool, I am going to have to check this out. Thanks!
I have tried to change your test application to accommodate an arraycollection instead of an RSS

########
Rank: 27
Score: 90.95708
Retrieved Text: Welcome to my Fun Friday post! Today ShareASale has made Affiliates’ lives a little easier! Similar to pulling report data into spread sheets, we now offer cut and copy functionality directly off reporting pages inside of your interface!
Above each Affiliate report you’ll see a link that says “View CSV Data” when you click on that link, a window will appear that has pulled the data from the screen. You can toggle the data between pipe delimited or tab delimited by clicking the csv button on the top-right hand side of the window. If you view it in tab delimited form you can copy this data, open an excel sheet and directly paste the data into the format. One important thing to keep in mind is the report will only pull in the data from the screen you’re currently viewing, not the entire report.
On a completely unrelated note, I just wanted to share that today happens to be my last day at ShareASale. It’s been a terrific 5 years, but I’ve decided to make a move to be closer to family. The last few days I’ve been reminiscing about my years here and the one thing that stands out is the opportunities this company has given me. I’ve gone from a small town southern Illinois girl who took her first flight at age 21, to traveling to 15 different cities these past 5 years.
I’ve seen Times Square at midnight, sat behind the Green Monster in Boston, put my toes in the Pacific Ocean, and worn a cowboy

########
Rank: 28
Score: 90.79752
Retrieved Text: Forgot your password? Need to Recover Passwords or Confidential Information saved in your computer? SpotAuditor can Really Help You to do it ! SpotAuditor password recovery software allows to recover lost or forgotten passwords to more than +40 popular Windows programs and tools. Including all passwords saved in Google Chrome, Internet Explorer, Firefox and Opera browsers.
You can save passwords as Tab Delimited Txt File (.txt), Excel Workbook (.xls), CSV Comma Delimited (.csv), Access Database (.mdb), Web Page (.html) or XML Data (.xml) file, Print or Copy to Clipboard.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 90.77876
Retrieved Text: I recently was having trouble importing CSV to postgres. The trouble was with empty trailing columns (the first row had an empty trailing column). I found that a tab delimited file (export from excel, using export as ms-dos text) allowed me to avoid warnings about empty columns.

================



======= Instance Index 9042 =========
Input Text: If a description of a situation begins like this: [header] How to prevent keloid and hypertrophic scars [title] Identify the risk factors for keloid scar formation. [step] Keloid scars are more commonly found on the arms, upper chest, and upper back. They grow beyond the borders of the original abrasion and appear as red, raised nodules.... Then how
does it continue? 

Ending 1: Keloid scars will usually take on the appearance of a raised scar when self-sewn onto the body, from which the scars are more visible. If your scars are recent, older scars may appear as they are and you want to avoid them.

Ending 2: These nodules are easily seen in unsupported black circles and from afar; however, discoloration and dark splotches are particularly common. Even though blacks and whites are sometimes called keloid scars, the scars are especially common in areas that have chemical dermatitis.

Ending 3: They may appear yellow, purple, or greenish. Keloid scars are temporary, but should rarely return.

Ending 4: Keloids are the result of an overgrowth of dense fibrous tissue that usually develops after healing of a skin injury. You can also develop a keloid scar from a cut, a piercing, or acne.

Target Text: Ending 4

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 126.03622
Retrieved Text: Home | Blog | What is the difference between keloids and hypertrophic scars?
What is the difference between keloids and hypertrophic scars?
Although they can look similar, hypertrophic scars and keloids are not the same. A hypertrophic scar stays within the boundaries of the incision; a keloid extends beyond the incision line itself. With hypertrophic scars, more collagen forms than is broken down. Keloid scars are caused by uncontrolled production of collagen. Some people are highly susceptible to keloid formation and form keloids with even minor scratches. Steroid injections can control itching in hypertrophic scars. Silicone gel sheeting and over the counter scar ointments can be effective, but must be used on the wound for at least 12 hours a day. Keloids once formed are difficult to treat non surgically. Removing the keloid in combination with steroid injections, radiotherapy or laser treatments, can decrease the recurrence of keloids.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 121.93227
Retrieved Text: A keloid is a bump or nodule that forms on the body at the point of an injury or open wound on the skin. Keloids are usually red or deep purple in color.
Keloids are more often seen in those with a darker skin tone, while hypertrophic scars are found in those of all skin types. They equally affect both genders.
The keloid will start forming from 3 months to a year after original skin damage. They’re most common on the breast bone, shoulder, earlobe, and cheek. You will probably first notice scar tissue growing past the borders of the original damage. It can become tender, itchy, painful, or produce a burning sensation.
Keloids are sometimes confused with hypertrophic scars. They are more common than keloids and do not get quite as large. Usually, keloids and hypertrophic scars are not harmful.
The body attempts to heal the skin from the injury and begins to form more tissue to replace the damaged tissue. This creates a fibrous tissue above the skin, which is what makes the raised keloid. Keloids are sometimes confused with hypertrophic scars. They are more common than keloids and do not get quite as large. Usually, keloids and hypertrophic scars are not harmful.
Along with discoloration of the skin, a keloid may also cause itching and slight pain or discomfort.
A doctor will be able to diagnose a keloid or hypertrophic scar with an examination. The most common treatment for both keloids and hypertrophic scars is a cortisone steroid injection. It causes the keloid to lessen in size and the

########
Rank: 2
Score: 120.62007
Retrieved Text: Scar contractures, hypertrophic scars, and keloids are all examples of abnormal tissue response to the processes of wound healing. By definition, a scar contracture is the result of contractile wound healing processes oc­curring in a scar that has already been re-epithelialized and adequately healed.25 A scar contracture typically appears as a fixed, rigid scar that causes functional or cosmetic deformities. Hypertrophic scars and keloids produce a clinical picture of an erythematous, tender, elevated, unsightly scar that may itch, become hyperpigmented, or produce a contraction cicatrix. The clinical difference between the two rests in the fact that a hypertrophic scar that persists for more than 12 months, and whose mar-gins extend beyond the confines of the original wound, is a keloid.22 In this article, the clinical appearance, etiology, pathogenesis, and treatment of scar contractures, hypertrophic scars, and keloids are discussed. Be-cause of the close relationship between hypertrophic scars and keloids, these entities are considered together.
The rigid, firm, erythematous scar contracture commonly causes sig­nificant cosmetic and functional abnormalities. The medial canthus, nasal ala, oral commissure, and neck are the most common sites for scar con­tractures on the head and neck, although any area can be affected.
Wound contraction is a normal phase in cutaneous wound healing by which the edges of a wound are pulled toward the center of the wound itself. This phenomenon has been extensively studied, and two predom­inant theories about its etiology deserve mention, the myofibroblast the­ory and the fibroblast locomotion theory. The major difference between the two theories of wound contracture is that the myofibroblast

########
Rank: 3
Score: 118.082794
Retrieved Text: There’s a lot of confusion about whether tattoos cause keloids. Some warn that you should never get a tattoo if you’re prone to this type of scar tissue.
If you’re unsure about whether it’s safe for you to get a tattoo, keep reading to learn the truth about keloids and tattoos.
1. What exactly is a keloid?
A keloid is a type of raised scar. It’s made up of collagen and connective tissue cells called fibroblasts. When you’re injured, these cells rush to the damaged area to repair your skin.
You can also get a keloid from a tattoo. To seal the ink into your skin, the artist pierces your skin again and again with a needle. This process creates many tiny injuries where keloids can form.
Keloids are hard and raised. They have a smooth and shiny surface, and they can hurt or itch. Keloids stand out, because they’re typically reddish-brown and end up longer and wider than the original area of injury.
2. What does a keloid look like?
Keloid scar on a tattoo.
3. Is a keloid the same as a hypertrophic scar?
A hypertrophic scar looks a lot like a keloid, but they’re not the same.
A hypertrophic scar forms when there’s a lot of tension on a wound that’s healing. The extra pressure makes the scar thicker than usual.
The difference is that keloid scars are bigger than the area of injury and they don’t fade with time. Hypertrophic scars are only in the wound area and do tend to fade with time.
4. What does a hypertrophic scar look like?
Tattoos, piercings, and

########
Rank: 4
Score: 116.12091
Retrieved Text: Scars are formed as a result of damage done to the skin such as an injury, burn or even as the result of a surgery. In some cases, scars can be quite problematic as they can be itchy or irritating. However, the most significant problem with scars is that they can affect a person’s appearance, especially if they are prominent and positioned in an area of the body that is visible to other people.
Though scars cannot be healed completely, they can be made less visible through scar therapy. Scars are of various types and each has a particular therapy to to treat it.
Keloid Scars: These are scars that are formed as a result of hyperactive healing processes and have spread way beyond the original injury itself. Keloid scars have also been known to affect movement. Treatments vary depending on the size of these scars. Large keloid scars are treated using surgery, silicone sheets and steroid injections. Smaller keloid scars, on the other hand, are treated using cryotherapy. The formation of keloid scars can be prevented using silicone gel pads or pressure treatment.
Hypertrophic Scars: These scars are characterized by red color and a raised appearance. Unlike keloid scars, they do not spread beyond the injured area. They appear due to the accumulation of immature collagen over the affected area and can restrict movement and potentially become infected. Treatment for these scars generally include flattening through silicone sheets or steroid injections.
Acne Scars: Acne scars occur as a result of acne, which is the result of hormonal changes affecting

########
Rank: 5
Score: 115.02703
Retrieved Text: Am Fam Physician. 2009 Aug 1;80(3):253-260.
Patient information: See related handout on keloids, written by the authors of this article.
Keloids and hypertrophic scars represent an exuberant healing response that poses a challenge for physicians. Patients at high risk of keloids are usually younger than 30 years and have darker skin. Sternal skin, shoulders and upper arms, earlobes, and cheeks are most susceptible to developing keloids and hypertrophic scars. High-risk trauma includes burns, ear piercing, and any factor that prolongs wound healing. Keloid formation often can be prevented if anticipated with immediate silicone elastomer sheeting, taping to reduce skin tension, or corticosteroid injections. Once established, however, keloids are difficult to treat, with a high recurrence rate regardless of therapy. Evidence supports silicone sheeting, pressure dressings, and corticosteroid injections as first-line treatments. Cryotherapy may be useful, but should be reserved for smaller lesions. Surgical removal of keloids poses a high recurrence risk unless combined with one or several of these standard therapies. Alternative postsurgical options for refractory scars include pulsed dye laser, radiation, and possibly imiquimod cream. Intralesional verapamil, fluorouracil, bleomycin, and interferon alfa-2b injections appear to be beneficial for treatment of established keloids. Despite the popularity of over-the-counter herb-based creams, the evidence for their use is mixed, and there is little evidence that vitamin E is helpful.
Keloids are elevated fibrous scars that extend beyond the borders of the original wound, do not regress, and usually recur after excision. The term is coined from the Greek word cheloides, meaning “crab's claw.”1 Hypertrophic scars are similar, but are confined to

########
Rank: 6
Score: 114.653725
Retrieved Text: The answer is yes and no. Typical scars, like acne scars, surgery scars or c-section scars do not spread. Of course, if you gain weight, then it is merely the skin stretching rather than the scar actually spreading.
However, there is one type of scar that will spread beyond the bounds of the wound, and that is a keloid scar.
In the simplest of terms, keloid scars are scars that become enlarged because your body is producing too much collagen—and therefore, too much tissue—at the site of the wound. Typically, keloid scars become raised in a dome-shaped fashion and begin to expand beyond the original location of the wound. Keloid scars are usually pink, shiny, and tender to the touch.
Read: Do Genes Determine Keloid Scars?
Needless to say, developing keloid scars can be bizarre and frightening for those who have never experienced keloids before. The good news is that keloid scars are no more dangerous than other types of scar tissue. Some patients complain about them being more painful, but usually, they are just itchier as they heal. The bad news is that they are often more unsightly than other scars, leading patients to seek surgical methods or other solutions to try to shrink them or have them removed.
Read: Who is at Risk for Developing Keloid Scars?
Though many people aren’t familiar with the lingo, there are several different types of scars out there. The first and most common type, of course, is a simple flat scar. If you cut your skin, you will normally heal quickly, with nothing but

########
Rank: 7
Score: 113.94541
Retrieved Text: Keloids are not actually a skin tumour but is a kind of vegetation of the connective tissue of the skin. Most lesions occur on scars wrought by external wounds, burns, infections, and surgery. Primary cases are also possible. Keloids are constructed of living, growing tissues which enmeshes and expands. With proper treatment, the keloid can be prevented from spreading and gradually soften and flatten. Chinese medicine practitioners consider the keloid a living organism that does not conform to metabolic processes. When it first forms, it is pink or dark red in colour and will gradually harden. It has a shiny and smooth surface, enlarged blood vessels which rises to the surface. There are different degrees of pain, itch and prickling sensations. Some for into a butterfly shape. The deeper the injury to the skin, the thicker the keloid forms as it spreads over the surface. Keloids which form along joints may hamper movements while keloids which form on the face may be disfiguring.
Being hairless, the scar is raised above the skin. It is pink or dark red, smooth, and shiny. Capillary dilation is often noted. Keloids feels hard and substantial and vary in size and shape. Pain or itching may also be felt subjectively. Note the following symptoms: 1. the scar did not dissipate after 2 months 2. the scar is larger than the original wound 3. recurrence of the scar after surgery, freezing, injections or radiation The usual location of such a scar is on the upper body, especially in the chest area. It will

########
Rank: 8
Score: 113.17021
Retrieved Text: A scar can be defined as a mark left on the skin after significant injury or trauma has occurred. Damage to the lower layers of the skin create a deep structural change where abnormal tissue is produced affecting the texture and tone of the skin’s upper layers. Scarring is indicative of a slackened wound healing response and can affect any skin colour, type, heritage or condition. Every significant wound or skin trauma can result in scarring to some degree, however the greater the initial damage, then the greater the scar size and appearance can become. Scarring is not just restricted to the face and can appear anywhere on the face or body.
Scar formation at the site of initial skin injury occurs when inferior collagen is deposited and over-produced – collagen is a protein that gives the skin structure, density and volume. Scar tissue can also affect other skin functions; hair follicles and sweat glands may not grow back, hydration can become significantly reduced and areas of uneven pigmentation may appear. Areas of darker skin tone are called hyperpigmentation and areas of lighter tone called hypopigmentation.
The appearance of existing scar tissue may be further worsened by ageing, sun damage and poor skin healing. Although all skins are prone to scarring, darker skin tones have a higher genetic predisposition, especially for hypertrophic or keloid scars.
A professional skin assessment by a cosmetic nurse or paramedically trained clinician can correctly diagnose scar tissue type and the best course of treatment action. Options include microdermabrasion, chemical peels, skin needling, low intensity

########
Rank: 9
Score: 111.65185
Retrieved Text: Scars form when the dermis (deep, thick layer of skin) is damaged. The body forms new collagen fibers (a naturally occurring protein in the body) to mend the damage, resulting in a scar. The new scar tissue will have a different texture and quality than the surrounding tissue. Permanent scars form after a wound is completely healed.
•	Topical treatments, such as vitamin E, cocoa butter cream, and several commercial skin care products sold over the counter may be somewhat effective in helping to heal scars.
•	Surgery. Although it will not remove a scar, surgery can be used to alter a scar's shape or make it less noticeable. Surgery is not recommended in cases of hypertrophic or keloid scarring (raised scars) because there is a risk of recurring scars as well as more severe scarring that results from the treatment.
•	Steroid injections. A course of steroid injections into a scar may help flatten it. Injections may help to soften the appearance of keloid or hypertrophic scars.
•	Radiotherapy. Low-dose, superficial radiotherapy is used to prevent recurrence of severe keloid and hypertrophic scarring. This treatment is used only in extreme cases because of potential long-term side effects.
•	Dermabrasion. This treatment involves the removal of the surface of the skin with special equipment that work like a sander. Dermabrasion is useful to blend in the irregularities of a scar whether it is raised or depressed.
•	Microdermabrasion is a much less invasive form of dermabrasion but is minimally useful for very superficial scars.
•	Laser resurfacing. This procedure, similar to dermabrasion, removes the surface layers of the skin using

########
Rank: 10
Score: 110.51988
Retrieved Text: A keloid is a harmless growth of fibrous tissue at the site of a healing scar. It is caused by overproduction of collagen.
The skin heals by formation of scar tissue, which at first is often red and somewhat prominent. After the months pass, a keloid usually becomes flat.
A keloid is abnormal because the scar extends above and beyond the site of the original injury. Normal scars stay confined to the site of injury. Keloids are thick, smooth areas of pink scar tissue. The scar tissue is raised above the level of the surrounding skin.
The cause of keloids is unknown. But most of the researchers believe that keloids are caused by due to the body’s failure to turn off the healing process needed to repair skin.
And another believe that it causes due to changes in the cellular signals that control growth and proliferation may be related to the process of keloid formation, but these changes have not yet been characterized scientifically.
Keloids are very rare in children and the elderly. People with darker skin are mostly affected by keloids. It can occur in men and women of all skin types.
Keloids are most commonly located on the chest, upper back, and shoulders. However, they can appear almost anywhere, such as in surgical scars any place on the body and in the earlobes or other areas that have been pierced for cosmetic purposes.
Color that varies from slightly pink to very dark.
Continued growth and clawlike projections.
Keloids do not require any treatment. However, for cosmetic reasons or to relieve keloid pain or

########
Rank: 11
Score: 108.825226
Retrieved Text: A hypertrophic scar is a thickened, wide, often raised scar that develops where skin is injured. Scars are common during the wound healing process, but a hypertrophic scar is a result of an abnormal response to a trauma or injury.
In certain people, body cells called myofibroblasts produce too much collagen during healing. This can happen simply as a result of a person’s skin type and healing tendencies. More commonly, overproduction of collagen occurs when a wound is infected or inflamed, under a great deal of tension or motion (such as in injuries over a joint), or left to heal without stitches.
The scars are a frequent complication of burn injuries, but can also form after piercings, cuts, or even acne. Hypertrophic scars are similar to keloid scars but tend to be milder and don’t grow beyond the boundaries of the original skin injury.
The scars aren’t dangerous or life-threatening. They can be itchy and painful, but more often are simply a cosmetic issue. Some people seek treatment to minimize the appearance of the scar. There isn’t an officially established treatment regimen for hypertrophic scars, but a variety of treatments can help get rid of the scar more quickly.
How are hypertrophic scars treated?
Your doctor may recommend one or several of these treatments to help flatten and shrink your scar.
It’s important to remember that it can take a full year for a scar to mature. In that time, your body is remodeling and trying to improve the scar tissue on its own. Most doctors will therefore not treat an early

########
Rank: 12
Score: 107.687805
Retrieved Text: Scar revision minimizes the appearance of a mark left over from a prior surgery/injury. The goal of treatment is to make raised, recessed or otherwise noticeable or unsightly scars look more similar to the surrounding skin in both color and texture. Dr. Guyuron has several options for improving the appearance of different types of facial scars.
Scars are visible reminders of a burn, cut or tear in the skin. Some scars may be very minor, while others are quite obvious and even disfiguring. They may be partially concealed by makeup but still visible. In extreme cases, a scar on a person’s joint can limit range of motion.
Keloid scars are raised nodules that appear at the site of a wound. Upon sustaining an injury, the skin cells and connective tissue cells multiply to repair the damage, a process that continues even after the wound has been filled in. This causes the keloid to project away from the surface of the skin and resemble a mound. Keloids may be hyperpigmented, itchy, red and/or painful. Keloid scars are common in areas where there is little underlying fatty tissue, like the face, neck, chest and shoulders. These scars are more likely to develop in people with darker skin.
Hypertrophic scars are thick clusters of scar tissue that appear at the site of a wound. Hypertrophic scars may be red, raised and uncomfortable, and may widen with time. They may be darker or lighter in color than the surrounding skin.
Acne scars are generally less noticeable than keloid or hypertrophic scars, but still may

########
Rank: 13
Score: 106.38251
Retrieved Text: Mepiform is a self-adherent soft silicone dressing for scar care and designed for the management of hypertrophic and keloid scars.Topical silicone has empirically been shown to have positive impact on hypertrophic and keloid scars. It may take from 3 months up to a year or more to improve an old scar, depending on the condition of the scar tissue. Mepiform shall optimally be worn 24 hours a day.
One Mepiform sheet may be used for several days.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 105.27517
Retrieved Text: Acne scars come in many shapes, sizes and even colours. They can be depressed (pitted) or raised (keloid). What they all have in common is that they can be treated, and completely or partially removed from the skin.
One of the most effective treatments for this is laser therapy, and you can find out more about how laser treatment for acne scars works here.
If you have acne scars, you are not alone!
If you have acne scars, you are not alone. At some point in their lives, about 99 per cent of the world’s population has acne; and every sufferer will have some form of scarring to show for it. So you may be wondering, what type of acne scars do I have? Well in this article, you’ll find out about each type of acne scar with pictures to help you discover the answer.
Depressed or pitted acne scars are the most common. They are the result of inflammatory acne, or papulopustular acne. Papulopustular acne are lesions that consist of red blemishes, pimples, papules and pustules (zits) and larger swollen lesions (nodules). Depressed scars as a result of inflammatory acne generally sit on collagen rich scar tissue, which prevents the skin from repairing the indentation. Hence, the need for acne scar laser therapy.
Rolling scars can be broad depressions in the skin, or shallow indentions in the skin. Rolling scars have rounded, sloping edges, hence the name ‘rolling scars’. They often have a rough texture and a wavy or rippling appearance and they are the result of damage under the

########
Rank: 15
Score: 105.14148
Retrieved Text: Blog Concerned about how your scars will look after surgery?
Concerned about how your scars will look after surgery?
Scars can form when the deep, thick layer of skin called the dermis is damaged due to trauma. The body goes into action and forms new collagen, which is a naturally occurring protein in the body to mend the damage caused by the trauma, resulting in a scar.
Scars form when the wound is completely healed and the scar tissue that has formed will have a different texture and often colour than the surrounding tissue. Depending on how your body heals your scars maybe different, but most scars with time become flat and pale. In some cases, when the body has produced too much collagen during the healing process the scars can be raised and these are called Hypertrophic or Keloid scars.
A keloid, sometimes referred to as a keloid scar, is a tough heaped-up scar that rises quite abruptly above the rest of the skin. It usually has a smooth top and a pink or purple colour.
Keloids are irregularly shaped and tend to enlarge progressively. Unlike scars, keloids do not regress over time. It is not fully understood why or how keloid scars form. Skin trauma appears to be the most common cause, although scars can also form for no apparent reason.
Some keloid scars can not be surgically removed so it is better to discuss your particular needs at a consultation with a plastic surgeon.
Scars are visible signs that remain after a wound has healed. They are unavoidable results of

########
Rank: 16
Score: 104.461006
Retrieved Text: Scar revision refers to both surgical and non-surgical cosmetic techniques for improving the appearance of scar tissue. If a scar is disfiguring or unattractive, especially on a visible area like the face, it can make an individual feel very self-conscious about his or her appearance. More extreme scars, including keloid, hypertrophic and burn scars can cause pain, restrict normal functioning and affect facial expressions. Electing scar revision surgery can not only improve appearance, but it can resolve symptoms like itching and irritation and restore proper functioning. Scar revision can also have a significant positive impact on self-esteem, so individuals can feel more confident about their appearance.
• Keloid Scars result from an overproduction of tissue after an injury. Keloids tend to be raised and nodular and they often grow beyond the injury site. These types of scars can be treated with laser resurfacing treatments or surgery.
• Hypertrophic Scars look similar to keloids, but they do not extend beyond the original injury site. Hypertrophic scars can reduce in size over the years, but they maintain a puffy, swollen-looking appearance. They can restrict natural movements and remain tender and/or sensitive to temperatures. Hypertrophic scars can be treated with laser resurfacing or surgery.
• Burn Scars medically termed contracture scars, extend deep into the skin tissue which can cause impaired movement of the muscles and tendons. Contracture scars generally require surgery to effectively remove the entire scar and allow proper movement.
Ideal candidates for scar revision will be in good physical and psychological health. Non-surgical treatments do not require much downtime. Surgical

########
Rank: 17
Score: 104.27249
Retrieved Text: Keloids is a condition that usually occurs after a skin related injury. A layer of scar forms near the healed injury, producing a scar. It is common to get keloids from trauma incidents to your skin like burns, cuts or even after chicken pox. It is important to seek keloid treatment if you have scars that are burning or itching. Doctor’s Approach Dermatology has the expertise and resources you need to gain relief from your unwanted keloid. Contact us to schedule an appointment.
Our scar treatments range from topical creams and steroid injections to the occasional surgical removal of your scars. You can discuss the various treatment options for your keloid scar with our board certified dermatologists. We can help you decide which treatment will fit your needs best. Our popular corticosteroid injections are considered the best and safest way to reducing most keloid scars. The injection works by softening the scar, making the appearance more appealing and helping to prevent future keloids. Let Doctor’s Approach Dermatology help you today with premium keloid scar treatment.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 104.06789
Retrieved Text: Is it possible to get rid of keloid scars and preventing them from occurring again?
Is it possible to get rid of keloid scars? How do you prevent them from occurring again?
Keloid scars are not easily managed and there are literally hundreds of scientific studies and articles dedicated exclusively to the treatment of keloids. The fact that there are several options available to treat keloids is testimony to the fact that no one treatment is better than any other. I have found, however, that pre treating the keloid scar with intralesional steroid injections on two separate occasions starting 2 months prior to keloid removal, followed by postoperative steroid injections has been quite helpful in preventing the recurrence of keloids.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 103.21854
Retrieved Text: Scars that appear on your face or other parts of your body that are visible when you wear clothes can be unattractive and embarrassing. They may be caused by acne, chicken pox, an injury, surgery, a burn or an animal bite. Fortunately, there are scar revision and prevention solutions that can be used to remove or greatly reduce the appearance of any type of scar.
There are three main types of scars, and each may require a different treatment. Atrophic scars are sunken below the level of the skin such as stretch marks and some acne scars. Keloid scars are usually large and dark and appear above the level of the skin. They may even be larger than the actual wound. Keloid scars are usually found on the back and chest and sometimes the face. Hypertrophic scars are the most common scars and are caused by skin infections such as acne. They are dark and slightly raised above the skin level.
There are several topical treatments that you can do at home that may reduce the appearance of your scars or prevent the scar from becoming all that visible. Other treatments can also be done by our skin specialists in order to minimize the appearance of scarring. Before you begin a home remedy, we recommend you have a consultation with our specialist to be sure you choose the most effective scar revision option for your type, size and position of the scar. You may also learn if your scar requires professional treatment to be effectively removed or reduced

########
Rank: 20
Score: 102.88481
Retrieved Text: Many conditions may leave permanent scars on the skin. Depending on the location and visibility it can become a great concern for the patient. It can greatly affect the social life of the patient, cause lack of confidence and an inability to fully realise one’s potential, whether professionally or privately.
We’ll just touch upon few of the conditions. Do let us know if you’ve other scars that you need to consult us about.
Acne can leave permanent scars, especially in the case of cystic or nodular acne. These scars can appear anywhere. The typical locations for acne and thus acne scars are: the face, neck, chest, shoulders and arms.
Scars are rarely pleasant but can be particularly bothersome in case acne leave scars on the face. They can be much harder to hide even with make-up. Fortunately, in most cases it’s possible to reduce the visibility of acne scars with the right treatment.
Among the options are Microneedling, PRP and or dermal fillers to treat acne scars. Please see below for further details about these procedures.
Stretch Marks are very common, especially in women, though they are also relatively common in men.
Initially stretch marks are usually red or pink, with time they turn purple and will slowly fade into white stretch marks that may or may not disappear.
They are most commonly seen on the stomach, hips, thighs, back and breasts. While they do not only occur in people that are overweight, they are more commonly seen in people that are obese and the conditions is associated with pregnancy, rapid weight gain,

########
Rank: 21
Score: 102.563416
Retrieved Text: Scar tissue can be a wonderful thing. It is the body’s natural way of healing and repairing an area that has been damaged in some way. Scar tissue can reconnect severed skin, repair cellular damage, and more. Unfortunately, the body can easily produce too much scar tissue, making it appear very visible after your healing has finished. Because scar tissue can form for a variety of reasons, there are many different types of scars that a person might develop in a lifetime. Learn about the six different types of scars, how and why they form, and what can be done to reverse their effects.
Keloid scars rank among the most notable and distorting types of scars. They form when the skin produces too much collagen in the tissue, resulting in growths and lumps. They appear reddish and puffy and will often grow beyond the injured area. As uncomfortable as these scars may look, they are not painful. They can, however, get in the way if there is significant overgrowth.
There are many treatments available for the removal of keloid scars. These may include surgical removal, steroid injections, cryotherapy, pressured dressings or silicone sheets applied to the scarring area. Laser scar treatments are one of the most popular approaches for keloids, although the decision will be left up to your facial plastic surgeon after he or she has examined the scar.
While they are also comprised of excess collagen production like keloid scars, hypertrophic scars will appear differently. A hypertrophic scar is marked by a slightly raised area of the

########
Rank: 22
Score: 101.53731
Retrieved Text: Offering substantial cost savings, Ciltech™ Anti-Scar Gel and Ciltech™ Anti-Scar Elastomer Sheet provide the ideal solution for flattening, smoothing and reducing the discolouration associated with keloid or hypertrophic scars following surgery, burns or other traumatic wounds.
Hypertrophic and keloid scars have been successfully diminished by either silicone sheet or silicone gel treatment since the 1980s and it is believed that silicone treatment delivers partial occlusion and rehydration of the skin, leading to a reduction of scar size and prominence.
Available in 15g or 60g packs and comprises a self-drying silicone based product which, when applied as a thin layer, will dry within about 5 minutes to form a transparent semi-occlusive film.
Available in 10cm x 20cm, 15cm x 15cm and 10cm x 10cm sheets, which can be cut to size – a self-adhesive conformable silicone sheet backed by a semi-permeable polyurethane film.
The Ciltech™ products have been available on drug tariff since November 2008 and are rapidly gaining widespread usage within Burns and Plastics departments as well as Hand therapy units.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 99.195404
Retrieved Text: The scar team offer a range of treatments for scarring, both physical and psychological. The type of treatment we advise will vary according to the type of scar, how mature it is, prior treatments, your general health and your expectations. Sometimes, the treatment required will vary with time as a scar naturally matures. For inflamed scars such as hypertrophic and keloid scars, it is not uncommon for a course of treatment to be required for at least two years. At the opposite end of the spectrum, a scar that has a poor cosmetic appearance can sometimes be dealt with by a short scar revision operation.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 99.09476
Retrieved Text: Keloids are large sometimes dumbell shaped scars that grow out of the confines of the original wound. Most facial keloids are caused by acne that creates inflamed scars. They are most common in Afro Americans but occasionally are found in Hispanics and Asians. Keloids do not respond to silicone sheeting. Virtually all keloids that are cut out will return within 2 to 3 months if steroids and pressure are not applied after surgery. In some cases radiation is used to prevent recurrence especially if the patient cannot return for weekly office visits or the body area involved is not amenable to the application of pressure by a garment, for example keloids on the neck. Although the exact skin condition prior to keloid formation cannot be reached vast improvement is possible.
If the keloid is causing a functional problem such as blocking a body opening or affecting range or motion or has a history of recurrent infections its removal is covered by health insurance. In California state laws mandate coverage of the removal of all visibly large keloids.
This patient had a face keloid scar that formed in an acne scar. It interfered with her ability to sleep on her left side. The treatment was excision, steroid injection and application of a pressure garment. This is the type of keloid clearly covered by health insurance in California.
This patient had a keloid on each cheek after trauma to the skin. The keloids were surgically removed by surgeons twice in the past and recurred within 2 months. After keloid removal by

########
Rank: 25
Score: 98.95881
Retrieved Text: Disturbing scars on the body surface may take shape as a result of previous operation, injury or an accident cause many times “only” aesthetic, as well as health problems in single cases.
Mainly scars, which are located on places that cannot be covered by cloth, or mean functional obstacles or they are painful, accompany significant suffering.
Scars can be corrected with surgical procedure in many cases, can be done esthetically more beautiful and functionally less disturbing.
We recommend scar revision by surgery for those who have scars on their body surface took shape by some reason (operation, accident, etc.) that is healing esthetically badly or causing functional problems (for example in body curves) in single cases.
During the first meeting you talk over with the plastic surgeon which scar you would like to make more beautiful, when and how it has taken shape (due to operation or accident, etc.).
Scars are changing gradually, fainting in the next 1 year after their formation. They are fainting so if it is a new scar it can happen that the plastic surgeon do not recommend operation but creams that help scarring.
Regarding the outcome of the operation it is important for the plastic surgeon to see how the other scars have healed on your body and if you have disposition for keloid scar (keloid scars: bigger sized, purple – red colored, often burning, itchy scars that are growing beyond the skin).
Unfortunately it is not advisable to remove these scars by surgery as there is a danger that it would heal in a keloid way again

########
Rank: 26
Score: 98.948135
Retrieved Text: Whether you’ve suffered a burn, gash, cut or surgical incision, the resulting scar may vary. That’s because there are many types of scars and each one has its own treatment protocol. While scarring is a natural part of the healing process, a scar’s appearance and treatment will depend on multiple factors, such as age, location of the scar and skin tone. From keloid to hypertrophic, let’s discuss the many types of scars and how to best treat each one.
Resulting from an overly-aggressive healing process, keloid scars often extend beyond the edges of the original wound and could even hamper movement over time. Treatments include surgical removal, steroid injections or silicone sheets, which act to flatten the scar. Small keloids can be treated with cryotherapy which freezes the scar with liquid nitrogen. You may also use pressure treatment or gel pads with silicone.
Raised and red in appearance, they may look like keloids but they typically don’t extend beyond the injury boundary. Treatments include steroid injections to decrease inflammation or silicone sheets, which help to flatten them.
These typically result from a bad burn, tightening as they form and impairing the ability to move freely. Contracture scars tend to reach deeper into the skin, impacting muscles and nerves. If you suffer a burn, spread a thin layer of antibiotic ointment to help it heal, covered with sterile, nonstick gauze for added protection and infection prevention. Once the scar has started to heal, apply a silicone gel to the area, such as Scarfade, to help minimize its appearance. It’s also

########
Rank: 27
Score: 98.928955
Retrieved Text: Since these scars can be noticeable, these can take an emotional toll and can be hard to a person’s self-esteem. Whether you have these ugly scars on your face, ears or neck, you don’t have to worry anymore. Delhi Skin Centre will prescribe a treatment based on the patient’s age, type of keloid, and other considerations.
Since tissues cannot absorb the medication through the skin well, topical application of medicine doesn’t help on keloids. Hence, keloids can be very effectively treated by injecting corticosteroids directly into the scars.
Patients usually receive series of injections. These injections gradually work on relieving the symptoms. In a majority of the cases, these injections are effective in completely resolving a keloid.
How Do Keloid Injections Work?
Since keloids are overgrowth of fibrous tissues as a healing process of a wound, the only way to contain these is by controlling the tissue formation. Corticosteroids help in reducing the production of the protein that forms these fibrous scar tissues. Keloids thus become soft and flat and gradually disappear.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 96.957275
Retrieved Text: Keloid and hypertrophic scars are common in people with skin of color because	the skin often does not heal properly after trauma (e.g., cuts, surgical	incisions or burns).
Keloid scars form as a wound is healing. The skin and connective tissue	cells overmultiply and then project over the surface of the skin. Hypertrophic	scars look similar to keloids but may fade over time.
Prevention is the key to alleviating scarring problems. Avoid body piercing	and unnecessary surgeries.
If a wound does occur, it should be treated under the care of a dermatologist.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 96.892166
Retrieved Text: Our skin is an important part, or rather the most important organ of our body. It protects our internal organs from unwanted exposures and health conditions. But what happens when it gets damaged? “Scars”. Isn’t it? Scars can occur due to many medical conditions as well as injuries. Most commonly, scars are typically the result of small cuts, burns, incisions due to surgery or even acne/pimples.
Scars are difficult to live with, especially if they are in the visible location on the body. These areas could be the hands or face, which is why many people are concerned about getting rid of scars.
Now a scar may not look bad if it is unnoticeably small and easy to conceal. But when it’s not, you might want to find the best way to treat it, instead of hiding it under your clothes. To help you get an alternative, our experts have compiled some information you may catch up with to understand how you could deal with your scar.
Scars are of several types. Here are the most common types of scars that we usually come across.
Keloid scars: Keloid scars occur as a result of an aggressive healing process. Keloid scars grow deeper than the original injury and become stubborn. A keloid scar can also affect the movement of the injured/ affected area if not treated in time. Keloid scars are common among dark-skinned people.
Contracture scars: Contracture scars occur due to burns. They tighten the skin, which causes inability to move. Contracture scars can affect the muscles and nerves if they

================



======= Instance Index 4635 =========
Input Text: If a description of a situation begins like this: [header] How to drape your lehenga dupatta [title] Make narrow pleats in your lehenga dupatta. [step] Fold your dupatta lengthwise to create narrow pleats. Then, position and pin your dupatta onto your right shoulder.... Then how
does it continue? 

Ending 1: [title] Fold the dupatta from front to back, creating a square fold. [step] Use your end result to create a square square on your right shoulder.

Ending 2: Keep the pleats on the right side of your shoulder. [title] Pin the dupatta to your navel.

Ending 3: [title] Cross your right ankle over your left foot. [step] Using your free hand, cross one leg over your left ankle.

Ending 4: Lay your pleated lehenga dupatta over your right shoulder so that most of the excess material hangs down in back. The material in front should hang down to your hip.

Target Text: Ending 4

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 125.20831
Retrieved Text: Hello girls, today we are here to give you some quick tips about which Dupatta draping style you should choose according to your physique, occassion and style of your Dupatta.
It’s always fun to choose a different Dupatta draping style with your Lehenga to freshen up your look. But one needs to be very careful while picking a style because it may ruin or make your whole look. This Lehenga could have looked much better, but the way dupatta is draped with it has spoiled whole look of this attire. Nothing can be much messier than this. This is a comfortable style, but one must use contrasting dupatta with thin plates or use a narrow one if you want to keep it all in front.
You should also not compromise with your comfort as it may hinder you from looking your best. This article is sure to clear all your confusions about which style to pick.
1: If you have a contrasting and beautiful embroidered dupatta then you can drape it in this style. You just need two safety pin to fix it perfectly and walk in all your comfort. Also, you can use this style with plain bordered Lehenga with heavy embroidered dupatta. You can easily carry this look in religious ceremonies.
2. Looking for a cape then you don’t have to buy one just drape your dupatta in cape style. Your dupatta should not be too heavy as it may bring all its weight on your shoulders. Try this look for reception parties.
3. If you have worked hard

########
Rank: 1
Score: 103.54772
Retrieved Text: Every Indian bride dreams to look like an empress on her wedding day. To fulfil that dream, she puts in a lot of effort while selecting her Wedding Lehenga Choli.
Your body type plays a crucial role in determining which lehenga choli will suit you and makes you look gorgeous.
Here are a few points discussed that will help you to choose the perfect lehenga choli according to your body type.
If you have an ‘H-shaped’ body, with a slim figure and no curves, then choose a low cut choli, the lehenga skirt should be flared with a lot of volume and intricate designs. Opt for a soft and flowy dupatta. Net and raw silk are ideally suited for your body type.
Jacket lehengas are perfectly suited to your body type. The layering should be done at the top with soft and sheer fabrics. Ensure that the neckline of the choli is wide and open. Do not buy off the shoulder or sleeveless cholis or deep necks. Drape your dupatta around the elbow to make yourself look slimmer.
If you have an O-shaped body, then the central portion of your body is quite heavy. The ‘Sharara cut lehengas’ or high-waisted are perfectly suited for you. A long top till the hip in the fluid fabric will look gorgeous on you. Use your dupatta to cover up whichever part you want to.
The A-line lehenga is the ideal pick for you if you have an hourglass-shaped body. Ensure that you opt for a fluid fabric for your lehenga. Select an off-shoulder short choli

########
Rank: 2
Score: 102.853195
Retrieved Text: Check out this year’s best of the best bridal lehengas in traditional and modern styles!
Today’s most loved wedding attire is the bridal lehenga. Every bride wants to pick out the perfect lehenga with the best cut and the most vibrant color to make her perfect day even more special. The lehenga style outfit dates back to the Mughal times, but today’s fashion experts have given it their own special touches and there are many options available from traditional to modern styles. To make sure you make the right choice, here is a lehenga style guide for you.
Start off by deciding the type of lehenga you want to wear – whether you want something that is traditional or more contemporary. Once you know your lehenga style, it will be a lot easier to make the final choice. You could even mix and match by opting for a traditional color and pattern such as red, but cut in a modern style. Take your pick!
Next, start by thinking of the color you want to wear. Based on your skin tone, hair color and time of the day when the ceremony will occur, you need to pick out the most ideal color. Opt for darker colors for events happening in the evening or at night, and choose pastels for day events. If you have fair skin opt for shades of orange, red, yellow or pink, whereas for darker skin tones turquoise, sea green, blue will look wonderful.
Next step is choosing the shape of the lehenga and here there are many

########
Rank: 3
Score: 100.64005
Retrieved Text: I order from India frequently but this has been the best service And the quality of the garments is fabulous. I will definitely be making use of your website again!!!!
dress,but the lahenga & Choli is awesome.
Gray Net with Embroidery Work Lehenga Choli is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.Gray Net with Embroidery Work Lehenga Choli with Gray satin banglori Silk Choli, Gray color Nylon mono net Dupatta. It contained the Embroidery Work with Handwork in Dupatta. The Lehenga can be customized up to bust size 42".

########
Rank: 4
Score: 100.19281
Retrieved Text: Grab This Beautiful Heavy Designer Lehenga Choli In Shades Of Green. Its Blouse Is In Green Color Paired With Light Green Colored Lehenga And Contrasting Rani Pink Colored Dupatta. This Lehenga Choli Is Fabricated On Satin Silk Paired With Net Fabricated Blouse. Buy Now.
Shine Bright Wearing This Heavy Designer Lehenga Choli In Red Colored Blouse Paired With Light Peach Lehenga And Pink Colored Dupatta. Its Blouse And Lehenga Are Satin Silk Based Paired With Net Fabricated Dupatta. It Is Beautified With Heavy Embroidery All Over.
Shine Bright Wearing This Heavy Designer Lehenga Choli In Dark Pink Colored Blouse Paired With Pastel Pink Lehenga And Pink Colored Dupatta. Its Blouse And Lehenga Are Satin Silk Based Paired With Net Fabricated Dupatta. It Is Beautified With Heavy Embroidery All Over.
Bright And Visually Appealing Color Is Here With This Heavy Designer Lehenga Choli In Royal Blue Colored Blouse Paired With Light Blue Colored Lehenga And Dupatta. Its Blouse And Lehenga Are Fabricated On Satin Silk Paired With Net Fabricated Dupatta.
Very Pretty Shade In Pink Is Here With This Heavy Designer Lehenga Choli In Blush Pink Color. It Blouse And Lehenga Are Fabricated On Satin Silk Paired With Net Fabricated Dupatta. This Heavy Embroidered Lehenga Choli Ensures Superb Comfort All Day Long.
New Shade In Purple Is Here To Add Into Your Wardrobe With This Heavy Designer Lehenga Choli In Light Lavendor Color. This Heavy Embroidered Lehenga Choli Is Fabricated On Satin Silk Paired With Embroidered Net Fabricated Dupatta. Buy This Unique Piece Now.
Look Pretty In This Lovely Shade Of Blue With

########
Rank: 5
Score: 97.808815
Retrieved Text: We can be so modern and may be say Indian attire is difficult to carry on daily basis. But when it comes to choose a dress for wedding season or other ceremonial function we always prefer to go for Indian attire. One of the best Indian attire is Lehenga Choli. This dress never goes out of fashion.
All Indian girls love to spend on lehenga choli and are ready to go miles to get that one best attire. We don’t mind going to that designer store far away in the city or even a market that is miles away from home and if we end up buying a piece that doesn’t make us look good on the occasion than no one on this earth can make up for our bad mood. In this writeup today I will share few tips (that I have learnt from my mistakes) on how to pick your Lehenga Choli so that you don’t make a mistake even by mistake.
Tip No 1 – Trust me when it comes to fitting of Lehenga you have to pay close attention that it tapers to the waist and should be broader at hemline. Even if you choose the best designed lehenga in this world but the one which is broader at waist will make you look like a circus tent. A lehenga that is taper to waist not only gives you slimmer look but also makes you look taller as well. You can also opt for lehenga that is high waist. Such a piece can hide

########
Rank: 6
Score: 97.49423
Retrieved Text: Designer Bridal Lehenga Choli Catalog Have Different Fabrics Lehenga Like Velvet and Nylon Satin With Embroidery,Zari And stone Work.Its comes with velvet and nylon satin choli(blouse) and net dupatta.
*Catalog No:20021 (Product Code: 95955-95963)(9 Designs Available In Different Colors).
*You can buy single piece and full set both.
*Custum Stitching Available,You Can Customize Your Required Size.
Packaging Details: International Box Packing.
*Catalog No:10687 (Product Code: 100721*100730)(10 Designs Available In Different Colors).
Delivery Time: 7-10 Working Day.
Designer Bridal Lehenga Choli Catalog Have Velvet Fabric Lehenga With Embroidery Work.Its comes with velvet choli(blouse) and net dupatta.
*Catalog No:9861 (Product Code: 72390,72393)(2 Designs Available In Different Colors).
Designer Bridal Lehenga Choli Catalog Have different fabrics lehenga like Silk,Net,Padding,Ringa Silk and Lemon Silk With Embroidery Work.Its comes with matching choli(blouse) and net dupatta.
*Catalog No:10262 (Product Code: 97049-97053)(5 Designs Available In Different Colors).
Designer Bridal Lehenga Choli Catalog Have Raipar Silk Jacquard With Zari Embroidery Work.Its comes with silk choli(blouse) and Jacquard Silk dupatta.
*Catalog No:10784 (Product Code: 102621-102636)(16 Designs Available In Different Colors).
Designer Bridal Lehenga Choli Catalog Have VELVET Fabric With Embroidery,Zari,Thread And Stone Work.Its comes with Velvet choli(blouse) and NET dupatta.
*Catalog No:10947(8 Designs Available In Different Colors).
Designer Bridal Lehenga Choli Catalog Have Different Fabrics Lehenga Like Velvet,Satin and Silk With Embroidery,Zari And stone Work.Its comes with Matching Choli(blouse) and Net dupatta.
*Catalog No:10882(9 Designs Available In Different Colors).
Designer Bridal Lehenga Choli Catalog Have PAPR JACQUARD SILK Fabric With Embroidery Zari Work.Its comes with SILK Choli(blouse) and JACQUARD SILK dupatta.
*Catalog No:10784(16 Designs Available In Different Colors).
***Lehenga Choli Designer Bridal Lehenga Choli Catalog Have Silk Fabric With Heavy Embroidery Work.Its Comes With

########
Rank: 7
Score: 96.8158
Retrieved Text: We will customize this Black Pink Lehenga to fit your body perfectly. Shop wedding Lehengas at Varuna Jithesh to look beautiful at your special occasion. Team Varuna Jithesh always assist you with styling advice and queries, and we guarantee the best wedding shopping experience every time. Please add us on whatsapp (+918008513071) for immediate support & queries on Black Pink Lehenga.
Black Pink Lehenga Blouse is in raw silk. Dupatta is in Net. Lehenga Skirt is in raw silk. Hand embroidery work adorns the Blouse, Dupatta, Dupatta borders, Lehenga & Lehenga borders.
We will customize this Black Pink Lehenga to fit your body perfectly. Also, we give you and your family a visual project dashboard allowing instant access to design status. Keep track of key information, design progress, phases and tasks.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 96.791214
Retrieved Text: For most Indian women lehenga is preferred outfit idea when the even is wedding related. You may be the bride or brides sister or even a wedding guest and lehenga will fit right in as an appropriate outfit idea but in a sea of lehengas at a wedding how to you stand out? Experiment with blouse aka choli and choose from the hundreds of new patterns designers have been bringing out in their lehenga blouse designs.
I have noticed Indian designers are modernizing ethnic wear by playing with blouse more than the lehenga. Sheer capes, fringe blouses, cold shoulder cholis are a hot in trend these days and if you are looking for what kind of blouse pattern to settle with for your lehenga this upcoming wedding seasom Iam here to help. I list to you 30 latest lehenga blouse designs for this wedding season which will work for most events like sangeet, cocktail, reception etc.
Fringe details are totally in this season. If you aim to make heads flip this wedding season go for a lehenga blouse design with fringe details. Metallic fringes look glam and blend seamlessly into indian ethnic wear. To let your fringe blouse attract attention go simple on the styling and skip the dupatta.
Collared blouse designs are hot in trend and wearing a shirt over a lehenga like a blouse is the fresh new indo western thing. I spotted Anushka Sharma wear this style style choli with lehenga combination in the movie Ae dil hai Mushkil and she rocked it. You can get

########
Rank: 9
Score: 95.947815
Retrieved Text: Entrancing Silk Bridal Lehenga Choli. Silk Choli with Embroidery Work. Comes with Net Dupatta. Sleeve length may vary according to the availability of the fabric. Accessories are not included.
Spellbinding Net Bridal Lehenga Choli. Dhupion Choli with Embroidery Work. Comes with Net Dupatta. Sleeve length may vary according to the availability of the fabric. Accessories are not included.
Irresistible Silk Bridal Lehenga Choli. Dhupion Choli with Embroidery Work. Comes with Net Dupatta. Sleeve length may vary according to the availability of the fabric. Accessories are not included.
Disarming Silk Bridal Lehenga Choli. Raw Silk Choli with Embroidery Work. Comes with Chiffon Dupatta. Sleeve length may vary according to the availability of the fabric. Accessories are not included.
Ravishing Silk Bridal Lehenga Choli. Dhupion Choli with Embroidery Work. Comes with Banarasi Jacquard Dupatta. Sleeve length may vary according to the availability of the fabric. Accessories are not included.
Irresistible Silk Bridal Lehenga Choli. Silk Choli with Embroidery Work. Comes with Chiffon Dupatta. Sleeve length may vary according to the availability of the fabric. Accessories are not included.
Tantalizing Silk Bridal Lehenga Choli. Dhupion Choli with Embroidery Work. Comes with Net Dupatta. Sleeve length may vary according to the availability of the fabric. Accessories are not included.
Alluring Silk Bridal Lehenga Choli. Textured Lurex Fabric Choli with Embroidery Work. Comes with Banarasi Jacquard Dupatta. Sleeve length may vary according to the availability of the fabric. Accessories are not included.
Beguiling Net Bridal Lehenga Choli. Dhupion Choli with Embroidery Work. Comes with Net Dupatta. Sleeve length may vary according to the availability of the fabric. Accessories are

########
Rank: 10
Score: 94.285286
Retrieved Text: Every girl dreams of having the perfect wedding. And when the time finally arrives for her to get married, she leaves no stone unturned to make sure her wedding is flawless. If your big day is just around the corner then we’re pretty sure you’ve already started looking for the perfect lehenga and jewellery for your bridal avatar. Before you go all out and get ready, here are 7 hacks you can use to appear taller on your wedding day. You know you want to!
The way you drape your saree or your dupatta makes a huge difference on how your final look turns out. If you want to appear taller, make sure you drape the dupatta in such a way that it creates long vertical lines on your body. For instance, hang your dupatta on one shoulder and let your neck and other shoulder breathe. When draping a saree, make sure the pallu is neatly folded and narrow.
That’s right, hairstyles can make you appear taller. Go for a high bun or high pony, and wear pretty hair accessories. The volume of the hair on top adds a few extra inches to your body. These hairstyles also elongate your neck creating an illusion of a taller you! Plus, they look glamourous and elegant.
Image: Rhea Kapoor on Instagram Whenever you’re picking a lehenga or a saree for your big day, make sure you look for one which has vertical motifs. The recurring parallel vertical lines are bound to elongate your figure making you appear tall and slender. Works

########
Rank: 11
Score: 94.232704
Retrieved Text: Ohaila Khan Ruffled and gota embroidered lehenga set Perfect for your lively and joyous sangeet day, this hot and swanky lehenga set will make you feel special. It comes along with a blouse and a tiered lehenga, enhanced in ruffle net layers and gota work. A net dupatta is also included in the set.
Perfect for your lively and joyous sangeet day, this hot and swanky lehenga set will make you feel special. It comes along with a blouse and a tiered lehenga, enhanced in ruffle net layers and gota work. A net dupatta is also included in the set.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 93.84419
Retrieved Text: 15 brides who wore a White Lehenga to their Indian Wedding and looked like a dream!
Not all brides dream of ‘Lal dupatta ud gaya re tera hawa ke jhoke me’ . A lot of brides these days want to ditch their reds & pinks for the dreamy whites and by the looks of it, they are def slaying it.
Rubina looked totally dreamy in an ivory lehenga-skirt with a net-overlay paired with a multi-coloured gotta-patti embroidery and a sheer net dupatta.
Trisha Khatri the Sabyasachi bride who had a beach wedding at Fiji Islands, wore a heavily embellished lehenga with an ivory base and evenly placed motifs on both the lehenga and choli paired with a sheer dupatta.
This bride who had an all-white wedding in Mexico, chose to wear an all-white Sabyasachi lehenga and slayed her wedding day.
If you don’t want go for an all-white lehenga as you still want a bit of red in it, then I say take cues from this bride. I am totally loving this bride who chose to wear a lehenga with an ivory base with red and green thread embroidery on it and a sheer white dupatta.
To add the hint of colour she added the 2nd red sheer dupatta.
Masoom Minawala stole a million hearts when she wore this ivory base Anamika Khanna double dupatta lehenga with floral work on it with pink undertones on it overall.
*Look at that twirl* Totally stunned by this bride’s all white lehenga skirt paired with a crop top choli with floral print on it and that jazzy

########
Rank: 13
Score: 92.92454
Retrieved Text: Dupatta draping styles can make or ruin your designer dress therefore this post is all about chic dupatta draping styles for every occasion to answer all your questions about how to wear dupatta in different ways with lehenga, anarkali, shalwar kameez and suits to achieve gorgeous look on any party or event.
Read through this post to see dupatta draping styles and tips and tricks that will make it effortless and easy for you to style dupatta in new different ways to look striking.
Pro Tip: Always choose different dupatta draping style for achieving a fresh look.
Pro Tip: If you bookmark any of the dupatta wearing style from below practice the style two to three times so you can do this effortlessly on the actual day within no time.
Ladies love to wear shalwar kameez, lehnga, suits and sari on different events like weddings, mehndi functions and different parties. You can choose from these top picks dupatta drape styles for getting fresh looks for any party or occasion. You can play with single dupatta or you could drape two dupattas depending on the drape style you want to achieve.
Style 1: This the most easy and chic dupatta wearing style with lehnga that anyone can easily do. To achieve this draping style you need a dupatta and two safety pins to secure dupatta. Grab a dupatta and set it on one shoulder with a safety pin and wrap the one pallu on wrist of other hand and secure with a pin as shown in the picture below. If you know

########
Rank: 14
Score: 92.73666
Retrieved Text: This celebrity extremely beautiful top & skirt enhanced with elegant work. Top comes in premium satin georgette. Skirt comes in georgette with heavy work. Dupatta comes in premium quality net.
This celebrity extremely beautiful Indo Western gown enhanced with elegant work. Top comes in premium silk satin. Inner and bottom comes in premium satin. Satin bottom also comes with can-can net. Dupatta comes in premium quality net with elegant work.
This celebrity extremely beautiful indo western gown enhanced with resham, zari, stone and sequins work. Top comes in premium silk. Inner and bottom comes in premium satin. Dupatta comes in premium quality chiffon.
This fabulous designer bright beautifully crafted premium Bangalori silk lehenga is enhanced with golden zari and border work. Blouse comes in silk with zari work. Dupatta comes in premium net with work.
This premium Indo western gown comes in premium silk enhanced with elegance work. Dupatta comes in large premium baranasi jacquard. This dress comes with can-can net.
This fabulous designer bright beautifully crafted premium sparkle silk lehenga is enhanced with golden zari and border work. Blouse comes in silk with zari work. Lehenga choli comes with heavy dupatta with work.
This celebrity extremely beautiful indo western gown enhanced with resham, zari, stone and sequins work. Top comes in premium heavy net. Inner and bottom comes in premium satin. Satin bottom also comes with can-can net. Dupatta comes in premium quality chiffon.
This celebrity extremely beautiful indo western gown enhanced with resham, zari, stone and sequins work. Top comes in premium heavy net. Inner and bottom comes in premium satin.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 92.1536
Retrieved Text: A great designer bridal lehenga that we all drool over occasionally costs nothing less than a small fortune. It will buy is a house, cattle and an army in some part of the world, methinks! We had some pretty inquisitive girls come question us about what Indian brides do with the magnificent designer bridal lehengas once the shaadi tamasha is over. Do they follow in the footsteps of Sharmila Tagore and preserve it to be worn by their daughters in law?
So, what exactly can a bride do with her exquisitely designed heavy bridal lehenga?
Should she frame the piece, like this one below to preserve the memories?
Or wear it when she takes her dog for a walk in the park? Because, kharcha kiya hai, thoda show off banta hai!
Or be a daring bride and find innovative ways to trash the dress - like this?
Of all the above 3 reasons, which we were just kidding about, seems like Trash the Dress is actually a concept practiced in the West. We, however don’t advice you to wade into a pond or go for a morning walk in your Sabyasachi or Manish Malhotra. Here are some practical ways in which you can reuse and re-wear your bridal lehenga without making it look too flashy.
Bridal lehengas tend to be heavily embroidered and embellished. If you want to re-use yours, tone down the flash. This is where the trick of mix and match comes into play. While doing so, ensure the elements you mix and match either piece of your bridal attire

########
Rank: 16
Score: 91.2975
Retrieved Text: Flaunt Your Rich And Elegant Taste With This Subtle Colored Designer Lehenga Choli In Beige Color Paired With Beige Colored Bottom And Dupatta. Its Blouse And Lehenga Are Fabricated On Satin Paired With Net Dupatta. It Is Beautified With Contrasting Resham And Jari Embroidery With Stone Work. Lehenga Choli Can Be Stitched up to Size 42.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 90.77932
Retrieved Text: Tags: Bridal, Golden, Lehenga, Plum, Shocking pink.
Light golden fully embroidered long shirt with plum embroidered lehenga. Shirt features stunning embellishment all over the front. Plum raw silk lehenga with embellished border all around the bottom. Shocking pink pure chiffon dupatta. Dupatta contains embroidered border on four side edge. Embroidered lines crafted all-over the dupatta.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 90.77016
Retrieved Text: Sonam Kapoor, as you would know by now, is getting married. And her wedding ceremony details are out! For her sangeet and mehendi ceremony, the theme is Indian festive in white. So clearly, it is something this fashion diva likes. So, why not take inspiration from her and wear white for your own pre-wedding celebrations? Let these designers show you just how you can wear this style.
Wear a corset blouse and a floral print flowy lehenga with the dupatta draped like a cape like this Manish Malhotra design.
A white sari with gold borders looks very classy and chic, just like this Sabyasachi creation. Add some colour through your jewellery for this look.
Don’t opt for the traditional silhouettes and wear an asymmetric long kurta with gold motifs. A tapered trouser underneath will complete the look, like in this Masaba design.
An ankle-length kurta in lace and net looks ethereal like this Tarun Tahiliani creation. Opt for some mix-n-match of fabrics and embellishments to make it look different.
Add some colour to your white with the borders and motifs like this Rahul Mishra design. A poncho-like kurta over a narrow A-line lehenga looks chic.
A sheer white shirt blouse worn over a white bustier and lehenga looks good, especially with the dash of colour in the lehenga embellishment like this design by Agami by Neha Agarwal.
An sheer fabric lehenga with white motifs printed on it, matched with the same print blouse, and a chiffon dupatta will look nice for the occasion, like this creation of 2Divine - The Lifestyle Temple by

########
Rank: 19
Score: 90.71845
Retrieved Text: This lehenga entirely bloom with lace and net work which give a sparkling look. Matching dupattta co..
Pull off the traditional look with this lehenga which is specially adorn as per the custom attire. T..
This lehenga choli is furnished with a attractive traditional design. This lehenga choli have a cutd..
This Lehenga Choli is a mesmeric outfit to improve your superbness excellence which is capture with ..
This Lehenga Choli is a charming outfit to enhance your wonderfulness beauty which is capture with d..
This Lehenga Choli is a Beguiling outfit to improve your magnificence impact which is intercept with..
Be the sunshine of everyone eyeballs which will glamour you thoroughly. This outfit is totally tradi..
Charm your traditional look with this Deep Fushia and Yellow lehenga choli which is designed with be..
This Lehenga Choli is designed with a lots of cultural values which is admire with a sequins and lac..
Enhance your beauty and glamour by wearing this eye catching Cyan Blue Chiffon party wear lehenga ch..
Look extra ordinary by wearing this designer cyan blue net lehenga. This lehenga can be worn at any ..
Make your day special by wearing Red Net Lehenga Choli with Dupatta. This lehenga is enclosed with s..
Awesome yellow and orange party wears designer net lehenga choli along with matching choli and dupat..
To look fabulous in party by wearing this marvelous designer lehenga choli in orange and blue color ..
Get a party wear Net lehenga in beautiful Pale Cyan Blue & Pale Yellow color. The lehenga is mad..
Look trendy by wearing this astonishing Orange & Pink Net Party

########
Rank: 20
Score: 90.705215
Retrieved Text: Vintage Hand Beaded Net Fabric Dupatta Wedding Mauve Lehenga Bridal Long Skirt.
Vintage Bollywood Style Used Net Fabric Bridal Dupatta And Skirt In Mauve Color Is Beautifully Decorated With Mesmerizing Heavy Hand Beaded Work On It.
Vintage Bollywood Style Used Net Fabric Bridal Dupatta And Skirt In Plum Color Is Beautifully Decorated With Mesmerizing Heavy Hand Beaded Work On It.
Vintage Indian Long Skirt Net Purple Bridal Heavy Beaded Lehenga Dupatta Set.
Vintage Bollywood Style Used Net Fabric Bridal Lehenga Set In Dark Purple Color Is Beautifully Decorated With Mesmerizing Heavy Hand Beaded Work On It.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 90.43199
Retrieved Text: Lehenga style Saree is a new trend of Saree introduced in India. This is an aesthetic blend of the traditional Saree and a Lehenga choli. Lehenga style saree is normally 4.5 meters to 5.5 meters long. Here unlike a sari one doesn't have to form pleats but simply 'tuck and drape'. As that of a traditional saree, the lehenga style saree is worn over a petticoat (in skirt, pavadai in the south, and shaya in eastern India), along with a designer blouse called as the choli, which is the upper garment. The style of choli mostly resembles as that of the choli of a conventional Lehenga or Ghagra choli. Sometimes conventional blouses are also matched with lehenga style saree. The choli is mostly as that of halter neck style, deep neck or “backless” style. As that of the saree, these cholis are also embellished with Kundan, beads, mirrors etc.
Lehenga style saree is a form of ready-made saree that arose from the need of an artistic yet easy to wear party attire. The easy to wear option of the garment tells the ladies just to slip into it and be ready in minutes. Stitched as a long flared skirt with a zip at the side, it is made to the measurements of the wearer. The ensemble needs to be slipped in, fasten the zipper and drape the pallu over the shoulders. This is an outfit for ladies who are not comfortable with usual drapping and pleating that the regular saree demands. This style of saree’s pallu has

########
Rank: 22
Score: 90.279495
Retrieved Text: Description : Wedding Wardrobe Must Include This Mulberry Hues Lehenga Saree. This Designer Piece Consists Of A Blouse And Lehenga With An Attached Dupatta. The Dupatta And Blouse Have Rich Embroidery Of Chiffon Applique, Sequins And Pearl. The Blouse Is Enriched On Raw Silk And The Lehenga On Net With Taffeta Lining Inside. The Dupatta Is Made Of Net. Full Length Of The Lehenga Is 42" And Blouse Is 15". Grab Now!

########
Rank: 23
Score: 90.07526
Retrieved Text: get ready for your big day with this heavy designer lehenga choli in dark wine paired with fuschia pink colored dupatta. this heavy embroidered lehenga choli is fabricated on velvet paired with net fabricated dupatta. it is beautified with heavy jari embroidery and stone work.(Slight variation in actual color vs. images as well as design is possible).

########
Rank: 24
Score: 89.86449
Retrieved Text: India is a land of diverse fashions which have been born out of the many cultures that dot her landscape. One such glorious fashion are long lehenga cholis. The lehenga choli is an ancient dress form that is renowned for its beauty, grace and elegance.
In a lehenga choli, there are three parts: the choli or blouse, the lehenga or skirt and the dupatta or shawl. The blouse may vary in length and design but is well-fitted and embellished according to the occasion for which it is being worn. The lehenga follows the same principle except that it is typically floor length and can be shaped in many ways, i.e. A-line, mermaid, umbrella, fishtail or flared. Lastly, the dupatta is worn much like the pallu on a sari and it can be in either a complementary or contrasting color to the lehenga and choli.
This is by far the most popular choice for a lehenga choli. Silk is a frequently sought after material that is produced in many regions of India. Several weaving techniques are used to make the lehenga. After it is weaved, the silk lends a shining sheen to the look of the skirt. It also has a smooth fit and is lightweight, making it the ideal attire during warmer months. Even the fit of the blouse is close to perfect with silk. The Pattu Pavadai is an example of a lehenga choli made entirely from silk.
This is a favourite material for making lehenga cholis inspired by Gujarati and Rajasthani traditions. Also called ghagra choli, these

########
Rank: 25
Score: 89.817856
Retrieved Text: Peachy Vibes Jacket Style Anarkali Lehenga Kurti Set with minimalist modern art embroidery detail annotated beautifully with the combination of resham zari, thread and stone work on its slit style net top paired with matching embellished lehenga/pant bottom and japan satin inner and bordered chiffon bordered dupatta. Style this very pretty attire on any wedding or festival party with heels and jewellery to look stunningly beautiful from the rest of the crowd.
*This set comprises of a slit style top, lehenga/pant bottom and a dupatta.
*Full flared lehenga/pant kurti set.
Peachy Vibes Jacket Style Anarkali Lehenga Kurti Set with minimalist modern art embroidery detail annotated beautifully with the combination of resham zari, thread and stone work on its slit style net top paired with matching embellished lehenga/pant bottom and japan satin inner and bordered chiffon bordered dupatta. Style this very pretty attire on any wedding or festival party with heels and jewellery to look stunningly beautiful from the rest of the crowd. *This set comprises of a slit style top, lehenga/pant bottom and a dupatta. *Embroidery work is completed with zari and resham thread work. *This set is the best choice to wear on wedding event or as an asian bridesmaids outfit. *Annotated embroidered neck, yoke and daman detailing. *Full flared lehenga/pant kurti set. *Bottom can be customised as flared lehenga or pants *Modesty Customisable.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 88.94495
Retrieved Text: After the huge success of movie APNE; Deols are back with “YAMLA PAGLA DEEWANA”. This is a full masala movie with lot of action, comedy, romance. It is a comedy movie which is liked by all ages. It is a family movie. Music is already a huge hit with Tinku Jiya, sonhriye, man monhriye, O heeriye O sonhriya, and the title song.
Movie is based out in Punjabi theme. The costumes are suiting the roles. Deols can be seen in Indian traditional clothing. They wear Kurta Pajama in most of the scenes and Heroines are in Punjabi costumes.
Below is a scene from the movie. Lead foreign actress is wearing a beautiful lehenga choli teamed up with costume jewelry.
Below you can see Kulraj Randhawa dressed in beautiful peach lehenga choli. She is looking beautiful in this traditional attire. Her makeup kept according to the occasion and she has teamed up her beautiful attire with lots of costume jewelry.
Below Kulraj is dressed up in simple white churidar kameez with beautiful dupatta. She is looking very graceful in this beautiful traditional attire.
Below is a still from the movie where she is wearing a beautiful green lehenga choli. The lehenga choli has beautiful zari and zardosi work on it. She is wearing traditional jewelry to complete the look.
If you have the perfect figure to carry this off, be prepared to be showered with compliments. If you happen to be bottom-heavy it might be a good idea to stay away from it. Mermaid cut green lehenga features sequins buttis with sequins, kundans

########
Rank: 27
Score: 88.767876
Retrieved Text: Lehenga Online Shopping Collection with Get FREE Shipping in Sydney, Melbourne and all over Australia. Lehenga is the most coveted outfit for weddings and festivals for their beauty, style, craftsmanship and fabric. Lehenga Choli is a combination of a long skirt, blouse called choli and dupatta. The lehenga designs at Fabricoz range from the wedding wear style to wear party style. The latest designer collection Lehenga Cholis is available online at Fabricoz.
Buy your traditional Lehenga Online with gorgeous collection and exclusive designs. Lehenga choli is by far the most popular and widely worn outfit for special occasions such as weddings and festivals.
At Fabricoz, all Lehenga choli collection online always comes with three pieces - lehenga skirt, choli and a dupatta. For latest designer collection just go to Fabricoz online and select from a wide range available. 100% Original Products with Great Stitching Options & Free Express Delivery to you in no time in Sydney, NSW, Melbourne, VIC, Perth, WA, Brisbane, QLD and Adelaide, SA in Australia.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 88.47916
Retrieved Text: Juhi Chawla, Shaina NC and Sunidhi Chauhan at Smita Thackeray Son's Wedding Reception in designer saree styles.
Actress Juhi Chawla at Smita Thackeray’s Son Wedding Reception in netted silk saree with zig-zag border and floral imprints all over the saree, paired with silver color short sleeveless blouse with "V" necked patterned blouse.
Bollywood actress Juhi Chawla in beautiful red designer lehenga. She walk at the Late Yash Chopra’s Birthday Anniversary. Paint work designs on it and all over dupatta. Paired with white designer embroidered sleeveless saree blouse. Embellished patch work designs all over blouse.
Bollywood actress Juhi Chawla in beautiful yellow designer lehenga with crystalized glittering border,peach and gold borders around it. It is a orange and yellow designer dual color dupatta with silver embellished border. Paired with pink designer short sleeves saree blouse with ‘V’ shape neck pattern at Style Fashion Week.
Bollywood and South Indian actress Juhi Chawla in designer net lehenga with from designer Shaina NC.It’s teamed up with sleeveless blouse with silver shimmering work and deep “V” shape neck pattern.paired with dual color dupatta embellished with mirror and embroidered work at CPAA Charity Show 2013.
Bollywood actress Juhi Chawla in beautiful maroon designer embroidery lehenga at Day 3 IIJW 2013,Delhi. Embroidered mirrors,sequins buttes all over lehenga and gold embellished border. It is a maroon netted dupatta. Multicolor flowers all over dupatta. Gold embellished with patch work through out border. It is paired with maroon designer benarasi silk saree blouse. It is a short sleeves saree blouse. Gold brasso work all over blouse and gold embroidered work through

########
Rank: 29
Score: 88.40953
Retrieved Text: Youdesign Cotton Satin Crop Top Lehenga In..
Youdesign Lace Crop Top And Skirt In Musta..
Lehenga Choli Is always Considered as typical Indian dress which was mostly wear wedding day or on very special occasion but nowadays trends are changing frequently & choli is replaced by crop top lehengas. This crop top you can wear on lehenga, designer saree or indo western wear. Crop top lehenga don’t required Dupattas. Choosing latest Crop top lehenga is currently an incredible decision for weddings day. Crop & cape top are so different then choli. On choli compulsory dupatta you have to carry but crop top don’t required any of dupatta. The length of a choli is short, in this manner you have to cover it with dupatta and the length of crop top is long than choli, it is connected to a bust.
Ninecolours have various pattern of Crop top lehenga choli like straight crop top lehenga, cape style lehenga, full sleeves lehenga, sleeveless lehenga, jacket lehenga and so on. buy Crop Top lehengas online & The young ladies who have Neat hour glass kind of figure will rock the floor. Best Crop Top lehenga can make you day because you will definitely get so much compliment from everyone.
Cape Style Crop Top Lehenga is in fashion. Cape style trim best lehengas look extremely upscale. It is in incline now days. It is one of my top choice. One who are planning to attend the wedding, crop top lehenga is the best outfit to try. Fabric should be in good quality & stitching

================



======= Instance Index 3577 =========
Input Text: If a description of a situation begins like this: [header] How to clean whirlpool tub jets with jetted tub bio cleaner [title] Fill your whirlpool jetted tub with water about 1-2 inches (2.5-5.1 cm) above the highest jet. [step] Point the jets down. [title] Add 1/2 to 1 teaspoon of a jetted tub bio cleaner.... Then how
does it continue? 

Ending 1: [step] Do this slowly to avoid splashing or spilling any of the water. [title] Add a few squirts of your own liquid laundry detergent (not a class 2 but a bit for the sake of efficiency).

Ending 2: [step] This is essential as jetted tubs do not have the same recommended pump cleaning requirements as other ones. [title] Add 1 cup (237 ml) aquarium salt.

Ending 3: [step] With the jetted tub water, use a small tube at the bottom. Fill your filter's tube near the entire nozzle.

Ending 4: [step] This is a gel and will dissolve shortly or when the jets are turned on. [title] Turn on the jets for 10-15 minutes.

Target Text: Ending 4

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 122.86498
Retrieved Text: Image Title: How To Clean Whirlpool Tub Jets Simply Organized With Regard Design 10. Post Title: Tub With Jets. Filename: how-to-clean-whirlpool-tub-jets-simply-organized-with-regard-design-10.jpg. Image Dimension: 1600 x 1067 pixels. Images Format: jpg/jpeg. Publisher/Author: Elroy Schneider. Uploaded Date: Tuesday - February 12th. 2019 09:06:14 AM. Category: Architecture. Image Source: decoist.com. Atlantis Petite Whirlpool Bath Tub Jet Jacuzzi Spa For With Jets Plan 3. Freestanding Tub With Jets Wayfair Intended For Plans 7. Wasauna The Charleston Bathtub With Inline Heater 2 Person 32 Jets In Tub Idea 5. Bath Transforming Jets Dual Jet Spa Pertaining To Tub With Remodel 16. Cleaning Bath Tub Jets ThriftyFun Within With Design 8. How To Clean Jacuzzi Tub Jets Pertaining With Plans 11. How To Clean Whirlpool Tub Jets Simply Organized With Regard Design 10. Cleaning Jetted Tub How To Clean Bath Jets New Jet Regarding Throughout With Design 9. WOODBRIDGE 67 X 32 Whirlpool Water Jetted And Air Bubble Inside Tub With Jets Ideas 13. Bathtub With Jets Picture Of The Ritz Carlton Fort Lauderdale Within Tub Remodel 19.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 120.030975
Retrieved Text: Image Title: Air Jetted Tub Design Build Planners Intended For Bathtubs With Jets Prepare 11. Post Title: Bathtubs With Jets. Filename: air-jetted-tub-design-build-planners-intended-for-bathtubs-with-jets-prepare-11.jpg. Image Dimension: 1024 x 681 pixels. Images Format: jpg/jpeg. Publisher/Author: Graham Rempel. Uploaded Date: Monday - October 29th. 2018 00:01:16 AM. Category: Architecture. Image Source: contemporist.com. Jetted Whirlpool Bathtubs Bath The Home Depot Pertaining To With Jets Decor 18. Bathtubs Jetted Tubs The Home Depot Canada Throughout With Jets Plan 12. Air Jetted Tub Design Build Planners Intended For Bathtubs With Jets Prepare 11. 2 Person Bathtub With Jets Sears Ca Null Murmer 10 Jet In Bathtubs Ideas. Jetted Bathtubs Luxury Spas Inc For With Jets Designs 1. LineaAqua Jetted Whirlpool Tubs Linden 60 X 36 With Bathtubs Jets Remodel 17. How To Clean Bathtub Jets HowStuffWorks Inside Bathtubs With Decor 0. Air Tub Vs Whirlpool What S The Difference QualityBath Com Discover In Bathtubs With Jets Decor 7. Wasauna THE FAIRFAX Bathtub 1 Person 17 Jets HP Water Pump Inside Bathtubs With Designs 5. Bathroom Ideas White Bathtub With Jets Air And Bath Pillow The Intended For Bathtubs Remodel 3.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 117.8089
Retrieved Text: jetted tubs review white acrylic whirlpool tub for free standing installation with rear center drain glass front panel and ozone.
jetted tubs review jetted tubs review corner tub amusing corner jetted bathtubs view with bathtub review photography massage small.
jetted tubs review interior architecture.
jetted tubs review types of tubs whirlpool tub reviews stylish jetted tubs soaking spas baths selection guide for in.
jetted tubs review bathtub chic bathtub design and collection ideas tubs bathtubs whirlpool tub reviews.
jetted tubs review freestanding jetted tub shop free standing baths freestanding tub reviews.
jetted tubs review jetted tubs jetted tubs whirlpool tubs whirlpool tub reviews.
jetted tubs review water jet bathtubs page not found jetted water jet tub reviews.
jetted tubs review tips to buy best walk in tub.
jetted tubs review jet tub cleaner bathtubs find this pin and more on bathroom bathtub jets cleaning solution oh.
jetted tubs review interior bathroom best whirlpool tubs reviews with floral wall and white cheerful casual 7.
jetted tubs review bathtubs idea whirlpool tubs reviews air jetted tubs jetted tub tiled showers amazing whirlpool.
jetted tubs review freestanding whirlpool tub free standing tub free standing hot tub enclosure freestanding reviews free standing jetted tub freestanding jetted tub reviews.
jetted tubs review two person jetted tubs amazing inspiration ideas 2 person whirlpool bathtub home decoration two indoor hot two person jetted tubs.
jetted tubs review related post best whirlpool tubs two person small bathtubs ed corner tub.
jetted tubs review jetted tub reviews unique x whirlpool bathtub drain location left finish.
jetted tubs review jet tubs reviews bathtubs universal tubs beryl 5 ft right pump whirlpool and

########
Rank: 3
Score: 116.90339
Retrieved Text: Image Title: Jetted Clawfoot Tubs Wayfair Regarding Tub With Jets Ideas 18. Post Title: Clawfoot Tub With Jets. Filename: jetted-clawfoot-tubs-wayfair-regarding-tub-with-jets-ideas-18.jpg. Image Dimension: 310 x 310 pixels. Images Format: jpg/jpeg. Publisher/Author: Forest Miller. Uploaded Date: Sunday - October 07th. 2018 01:09:25 AM. Category: Decoration. Image Source: dornob.com. Classic Tubs Tagged Jetted American Bath Factory Inside Clawfoot Tub With Jets Design 14. Jetted Clawfoot Tubs Whirlpool Air Bath Injection And Within Tub With Jets Plan 2. Jetted Clawfoot Bathtub 2 Person Roswell Kitchen Bath Pertaining To Tub With Jets Decorations 16. Jetted Clawfoot Tubs Whirlpool Air Bath Injection And Pertaining To Tub With Jets Plan 11. Caspian Classic Whirlpool Clawfoot Tub American Bath Factory Regarding With Jets Plans 0. Old Fashioned Claw Foot Tub With Bubble Jets I Found My Bathtub For Clawfoot Decorations 7. Craw Foot Jet Tub With Shower Jetted Claw Tubs Awesome Clawfoot Jets Plan 1. Marvelous Clawfoot Tub With Jets Photos Best Inspiration Home Jetted Inside Decor 4. Innovative Jetted Clawfoot Tub Inside With Jets Decor 13. Jetted Clawfoot Tubs Whirlpool Air Bath Injection And Inside Tub With Jets Inspirations 15.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 116.76396
Retrieved Text: Image Title: Free Standing Jetted Tubs Whirlpool Malibu Craft Pertaining To Tub Designs 18. Post Title: Free Standing Jetted Tub. Filename: free-standing-jetted-tubs-whirlpool-malibu-craft-pertaining-to-tub-designs-18.jpg. Image Dimension: 236 x 236 pixels. Images Format: jpg/jpeg. Publisher/Author: Camryn Beer. Uploaded Date: Monday - October 01st. 2018 04:10:26 AM. Category: Architecture. Image Source: contemporist.com. Rectangular Freestanding Whirlpool Tub Bathtub How To Finish With Free Standing Jetted Ideas 17. Amazing Stand Alone Jetted Tub Atlanti Whirlpool Royale 34 X 67 Oval In Free Standing Plan 14. Free Standing Jetted Tub Unique Freestanding With Air Jets In Remodel 12. Free Standing Jetted Tub Access Embrace Freestanding Whirlpool Regarding Ideas 19. Jetted Whirlpool Freestanding Bathtubs The Home Depot In Free Standing Tub Decor 5. Freestanding Whirlpool Tub From Condor Balneo The Louise Throughout Free Standing Jetted Ideas 8. Free Standing Jetted Tub Fabulous Tubs Throughout Designs 15. Freestanding Whirlpool Tub Jetted Bath Pertaining To Free Standing Ideas 16. Freestanding Jetted Tub Wayfair Throughout Free Standing Prepare 1. Freestanding Whirlpool Tub Large Image With Regard To Free Standing Jetted Plan 13.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 116.03847
Retrieved Text: how to turn off air induction valve jet tub kohler flushing a whirlpool system flushing your whirlpool care cleaning kitchen resources kohler flushing a whirlpool system.
how to turn off air induction valve jet tub ozonator installation spadepotcom.
how to turn off air induction valve jet tub swirl way barrett rectangle shaped bathtub shown as soaker diagnose fix hot tub spa whirlpool bath heat wave ii hot tub spa heater control c daniel friedman.
how to turn off air induction valve jet tub how to clean a jetted tub how to turn off air induction valve jet tub.
how to turn off air induction valve jet tub the black flakes are mold and mildew bacteria from human skin oils soaps and other junk use your imagination that have been allowed to spawn in parts explanation and how to fix jacuzzi whirlpool control panels parts explanation and how to fix jacuzzi whirlpool control panels youtube.
how to turn off air induction valve jet tub fix leaking washing machine water valve air whirlpool fully loaded walkin bathtub white tub x air and whirlpool fully loaded walkin bathtub white left.
how to turn off air induction valve jet tub how to turn off air induction valve jet tub.
how to turn off air induction valve jet tub troubleshooting hot tub jets how to turn off air induction valve jet tub.
how to turn off air induction valve jet tub image titled clean a jetted tub step 11 how to clean a jetted tub bob vila how to clean a jetted tub.
how to turn off air induction valve

########
Rank: 6
Score: 115.89985
Retrieved Text: Image Title: Atlantis Indulgence Air Whirlool Tub Jet Jacuzzi Spa With Regard To Whirlpool Prepare 1. Post Title: Whirlpool Jet Tub. Filename: atlantis-indulgence-air-whirlool-tub-jet-jacuzzi-spa-with-regard-to-whirlpool-prepare-1.jpg. Image Dimension: 650 x 650 pixels. Images Format: jpg/jpeg. Publisher/Author: Raymond Hoppe. Uploaded Date: Saturday - October 06th. 2018 11:52:06 AM. Category: Architecture. Image Source: freshome.com. Buy Jetted Tubs Online At Overstock Com Our Best Whirlpool Air Intended For Jet Tub Remodel 8. How To Clean Whirlpool Tub Jets Simply Organized Regarding Jet Prepare 11. Pretty Corner Whirlpool Tub 5 Osabelurios Com Intended For Jet Prepare 10. Whirlpool Tub Baton Rouge New Orleans Houston Within Jet Prepare 2. Atlantis Whirlpools Jetted Bathtubs Polaris Series Collection Within Whirlpool Jet Tub Plan 9. 16 Reasons Why Whirlpool Tubs Are For Suckers Len Penzo Dot Com Jet Tub Plan 12. Whirlpool Tub Buying Guide Within Jet Plan 19. The Best Of Jet Tub Reviews On Jacuzzi Whirlpool Bath Bathtub Tips With Prepare 13. Whirlpool Jetted And Air Baths Within Jet Tub Ideas 7. Whirlpool Jet Tub Shakesisshakes Com In Remodel 5.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 114.41437
Retrieved Text: Image Title: Atlantis Cascade Corner Whirlpool Air Soaking Throughout Jetted Tub Plans 8. Post Title: Corner Jetted Tub. Filename: atlantis-cascade-corner-whirlpool-air-soaking-throughout-jetted-tub-plans-8.jpg. Image Dimension: 575 x 575 pixels. Images Format: jpg/jpeg. Publisher/Author: Brody Ruecker. Uploaded Date: Tuesday - January 29th. 2019 03:57:12 AM. Category: Architecture. Image Source: home-designing.com. Center Drain Bathtub Kohler Tercet 5 Ft White Corner Alcove With Jetted Tub Decor 13. Jetted Whirlpool Corner Bathtubs The Home Depot For Tub Inspirations 18. Venzi Tovila 60 X Corner Air Whirlpool Jetted Bathtub With Pertaining To Tub Idea 0. EverClean 60 In X Corner Whirlpool Tub American Standard For Jetted Plan 1. Jetted Corner Tub Wayfair Regarding Design 2. Corner Tubs For Small Bathrooms Visual Hunt With Jetted Tub Decorations 10. 2 Person Bathtub With Jets Sears Ca Null Murmer 10 Jet Intended For Corner Jetted Tub Plan 15. Atlantis Cascade Corner Whirlpool Air Soaking Throughout Jetted Tub Plans 8. Corner Jacuzzi Tub My Cabin Pinterest Bathtub And Pertaining To Jetted Plans 11. Corner Whirlpool Tub In Ariel Bath X Bathtubs Plus Idea Onedekalb Com Pertaining To Jetted 5.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 114.171616
Retrieved Text: Image Title: Ariel Bath 71 X 37 Free Standing Whirlpool Tub Bathtubs Plus Inside Jetted Decor 6. Post Title: Free Standing Jetted Tub. Filename: ariel-bath-71-x-37-free-standing-whirlpool-tub-bathtubs-plus-inside-jetted-decor-6.jpg. Image Dimension: 2000 x 1805 pixels. Images Format: jpg/jpeg. Publisher/Author: Camryn Beer. Uploaded Date: Monday - October 01st. 2018 04:09:40 AM. Category: Architecture. Image Source: homedsgn.com. Jetted Whirlpool Freestanding Bathtubs The Home Depot In Free Standing Tub Decor 5. Amazing Stand Alone Jetted Tub Atlanti Whirlpool Royale 34 X 67 Oval In Free Standing Plan 14. Freestanding Whirlpool Tub Large Image With Regard To Free Standing Jetted Plan 13. LineaAqua Jetted Whirlpool Tubs Parker 70 X 35 Pertaining To Free Standing Tub Ideas 2. Free Standing Jetted Tub Fabulous Tubs Throughout Designs 15. Freestanding Jetted Tub Wayfair Throughout Free Standing Prepare 1. Jacuzzi Stella Soaker Tub Makes A Freestanding Statement JLC Regarding Free Standing Jetted Designs 10. Access Embrace Freestanding Whirlpool Bathtub Featuring 8 Fully Throughout Free Standing Jetted Tub Prepare 7. Freestanding Whirlpool Tub Jetted Bath Pertaining To Free Standing Ideas 16. Free Standing Jetted Tub Gorgeous Stand Alone With Jets Best For Decor 9.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 111.770096
Retrieved Text: Image Title: Freestanding Tub With Jets Incredible Jetted Freestanding Bathtub In Freestanding Whirlpool Tub Ideas. Filename: freestanding-tub-with-jets-incredible-jetted-freestanding-bathtub-in-freestanding-whirlpool-tub-ideas.jpeg. Image Dimension: 533 x 400 pixels. Images Format: jpg/jpeg. Publisher/Author: Alek Stehr. Uploaded Date: Friday - February 22nd. 2019 02:46:15 AM. Category: Architecture. Image Source: diy.com.
Tap The Thumbnail Bellow to See Related Gallery of "Freestanding Tub With Jets Incredible Jetted Freestanding Bathtub In Freestanding Whirlpool Tub Ideas"

########
Rank: 10
Score: 110.53845
Retrieved Text: clawfoot air tubs custom shower air jet tub.
clawfoot air tubs designer collection freestanding tub.
clawfoot air tubs slipper tubs acrylic freestanding tub small tubs.
clawfoot air tubs jetted claw foot tub heated jetted tub air jetted tub.
clawfoot air tubs tub with jets gallery of nous parfait jetted tub with jetted claw foot tub tub.
clawfoot air tubs jetted claw foot tub claw foot tub with jets invigorate jetted tubs whirlpool air bath injection jetted claw foot tub.
clawfoot air tubs jetted tub bathtubs idea with jets slipper claw foot air pale blue acrylic whirlpool.
clawfoot air tubs what is an air tub luxury inspirational claw foot bathtub shower of lovely what.
clawfoot air tubs double slipper claw foot tub double slipper tub interior double slipper air double ended slipper double slipper claw foot tub.
clawfoot air tubs vintage pedestal whirlpool jetted hydrotherapy bath tub.
clawfoot air tubs acrylic ball and claw feet slipper tub in white.
clawfoot air tubs claw foot tub with jets roll top cast iron tub less faucet holes in white with claw foot tub.
clawfoot air tubs this bathroom features a large skylight window allowing for fresh air and natural sunlight to.
clawfoot air tubs air jet bathtub for your modern bathroom.
clawfoot air tubs hotel collection acrylic double ended tub and shower.
clawfoot air tubs tub tray resin bathtubs acrylic tubs pros and cons.
clawfoot air tubs pedestal tub shower curtain rods faucet with riser freestanding air jets pedestal tub.
clawfoot air tubs inch round acrylic air bubble freestanding bathtubs top view with water in.
clawfoot air tubs freestanding air tub.
clawfoot air tubs double slipper air jetted

########
Rank: 11
Score: 107.01877
Retrieved Text: 2 Person Jetted Bathtub Modern Wasauna THE CHARLESTON WITH Inline Heater 32 Jets Intended For 0 | Tissustartares.com 2 person jetted bathtub. 2 person jetted bath tub. 2 person indoor jetted bathtub.
2 Person Jetted Bathtub Brilliant Two Tubs New Bathtubs Idea Outstanding Jacuzzi Tub For Pertaining To. 2 Person Jetted Bathtub Contemporary OVERSIZED PERSON Bathtubs China Jacuzzi Chinese Intended For 3. 2 Person Jetted Bathtub Awesome Bath Stunning Bathtubs In Superb Whirlpool Tub Size 4. 2 Person Jetted Bathtub Amazing Wasauna WAS 1556 21 Jet Hot Tub 13 Body Massage For 5. 2 Person Jetted Bathtub Elegant New Design Whirlpool With Big Waterfall For Stuff Within 6. 2 Person Jetted Bathtub Amazing Bathtubs Idea Awesome Tub In Jacuzzi Ideas Throughout 7. 2 Person Jetted Bathtub Amazing Jacuzzi Whirlpool Tub In For 8. 2 Person Jetted Bathtub Contemporary Two Tub Konect Me In 9. 2 Person Jetted Bathtub Popular Exceptional Jacuzzi Tub 3 Amazing Regarding Ideas With 10. 2 Person Jetted Bathtub Attractive Sensational Ideas Whirlpool Home Remodel Tub 1800 X With Regard To 11. 2 Person Jetted Bathtub Attractive Tub Bathtubs Idea For 12. 2 Person Jetted Bathtub Amazing Jacuzzi Bathroom Tubs Brilliant Whirlpool With Regard To 13. 2 Person Jetted Bathtub Attractive Whirlpool Usanewsfeed Info Inside 14. 2 Person Jetted Bathtub Brilliant Two Jacuzzi Amazing Tubs For Indoor P Bathroom Within 15. 2 Person Jetted Bathtub Elegant White Corner Fitting Unit Whirlpool 11 Regarding 16. 2 Person Jetted Bathtub Attractive Soaking Tub Two Bathtubs For A Romantic Couple In 17. 2 Person Jetted Bathtub Attractive

########
Rank: 12
Score: 105.76501
Retrieved Text: Image Title: Jetted Tub Shower Combo Home Design Ideas Bathroom Walls Pertaining To Decorations 2. Post Title: Jetted Tub Shower Combo. Filename: jetted-tub-shower-combo-home-design-ideas-bathroom-walls-pertaining-to-decorations-2.jpg. Image Dimension: 523 x 673 pixels. Images Format: jpg/jpeg. Publisher/Author: gamebygame. Uploaded Date: Sunday - January 27th. 2019 14:21:04 PM. Category: Architecture. Image Source: contemporist.com. Jet Tub With Shower Whirlpool Combinations Jetted Combo Remodel 9. Whirlpool Tubs Air Massage Diamond Tub Showers Regarding Jetted Shower Combo Ideas 4. Jacuzzi Tub Shower Combination Glass Design Ideas Intended For Jetted Combo Inspirations 11. Jetted Tub Shower Combo Home Design Ideas Bathroom Walls Pertaining To Decorations 2. Jet Tub With Shower Whirlpool Combinations Pertaining To Jetted Combo Plan 7. Whirlpool Tub With Shower First Hand For Jetted Combo Designs 17. Jacuzzi Tub Shower Combo Incredible Small Whirlpool Pertaining To Jetted Plans 13. Jet Tub With Shower Whirlpool Combinations Within Jetted Combo Design 19. Showers And Whirlpool Tubs Shower Bath Combo Jacuzzi In Jetted Tub Plan 6. Bathtubs Idea Spa Tub Shower Combo Whirlpool Units Regarding Jetted Remodel 16.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 105.35085
Retrieved Text: Thinking about purchasing a hot tub? Here, homeowners are sharing their personal experiences with hot tubs -- from installing them to cleaning them. Everything you need to know about hot tubs and bacteria -- with tips for cleaning a traditional hot tub, jacuzzi bathtub, or whirlpool tub with air jets.
You know what a dirty bathtub ring looks like… Now imagine what that soap scum buildup is doing inside the jet plumbing of your Jacuzzi style bathtub! Sure, you can clean the tub itself — but once you start the air jets, all kinds of nasty looking bits and specks will come floating to the surface if you don’t clean the jets, the nozzles, and the interior plumbing system too. Those pipes behind your jet tub quickly become contaminated with infectious bacteria — some you can see, and some you can’t. Fortunately, cleaning the inside of your air tub’s pipes, jets, and nozzles is really easy! The hardest part is taking the time to do it on a regular basis — to prevent biofilm (a nasty residue that forms around bacteria in your plumbing lines) from building up. Here’s how to properly clean a whirlpool tub and remove biofilm yourself in just a few quick steps. See how to make your own jetted tub cleaner and where you can buy one.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 104.66694
Retrieved Text: bathtub jet covers bathroom tile cost large size of jet covers bathtub bathtub with legs bathtub cost interior american standard bathtub jet covers jacuzzi bathtub replacement jet covers.
bathtub jet covers replacement jets for bathtub jet covers charming whirlpool tub full image bath rep american standard bathtub jet covers american standard whirlpool tub jet covers.
bathtub jet covers bathtub jet covers great bathroom spare for whirlpool tub jet head cap cover regarding bathtub jet jacuzzi bathtub replacement jet covers jacuzzi bathtub jet covers.
bathtub jet covers jacuzzi bathtub jet covers remove bathtub jet covers.
bathtub jet covers the spa hot tub tanning bed jetted bath parts repair service for encourage bathtub jet covers regarding american standard bathtub jet covers remove bathtub jet covers.
bathtub jet covers jet covers bathtub 3 remove jacuzzi bathtub replacement jet covers remove bathtub jet covers.
bathtub jet covers bathtub jet covers bathtub jet covers bath tub caps whirlpool tub replacement jet covers jacuzzi bathtub replacement jet covers american standard bathtub jet covers.
bathtub jet covers bathroom bathtub jet covers contemporary best replacement universal whirlpool cover pertaining to from remove bathtub jet covers american standard whirlpool tub jet covers.
bathtub jet covers bathtub massage jet covers bathtub massage jet covers suppliers and manufacturers at american standard whirlpool tub jet covers jacuzzi bathtub replacement jet covers.
bathtub jet covers bathtub bathtub jet whirlpool bathtubs with jets and tub spa intended for modern house bathtub jet covers ideas remove bathtub jet covers american standard whirlpool tub jet covers.
bathtub jet covers tub jet replacement how to clean a jetted tub 2 tub replacement jet

########
Rank: 15
Score: 104.39535
Retrieved Text: boiling cinnamon sticks for weight loss cinnamon for weight loss cinnamon and apple cider vinegar boiling cinnamon sticks for weight loss.
kitchen tables for small spaces ikea fold down table for tiny kitchen photos of the folding tables the right choice for your room kitchen tables for small spaces ikea.
black and white rugby shirt black and white striped rugby jersey.
remove mildew smell from clothes left in washer how to get rid of musty smell in clothes how to remove musty smell from clothes how to remove mildew smell from clothes left in washing machine.
emerald green sofa living room ideas green interior home decorations in nigeria.
mood board interior design living room living room mood board interior design mood board blue living room mood board home interior decor kenya.
cleaning whirlpool tub jets to properly clean a jetted tub you need to use a jetted tub cleaner cleaning kohler whirlpool tub jets.
best white floor paint white floor paint.
kids room floor bed kids room houses interior design pictures.
best board games for kids best board games for 5 year top best family board games for kids under 5 board games 5 year good board games for 3 5 year board games kids.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 103.83137
Retrieved Text: 2/01/2019�� Air jetted tubs also do not create as strong of a massaging motion as water tubs do, though the maintenance requirements will be much lower on an air tub and the tub is likely to be less expensive than a water jetted tub.... 15/02/2009�� Each of our jets have a dial on the actual jet to adjust the amount of air/ water that comes out of each. You just dial it. It's fairly hard to dial so that it doesn't move if you just bump it in the tub. I actual have to place a wash rag around ours to adjust them. Have you tried that?
The Wish Air Jets System has been specially designed to complement our wish collection bathtubs. Dip into relaxation, well-being, and comfort with a system helping you to fully appreciate the benefits of a gentle and soothing massage and the beauty of a polymer freestanding bathtub. how to draw male mouth Open air induction to the maximum and run whirlpool jets for 10 to 20 minutes. Drain the tub completely. Again, close air induction and refill tub with hot water to an appropriate level and then add one cup of household bleach.
kingofcccam.com-Cleaning Air Jets Bathtub Cleaning Your Bathtub Jets If you like soaking in a Jacuzzi or whirlpool bath after a trip to the gym, chances are � how to clean dyson dc62 15/02/2009�� Each of our jets have a dial on the actual jet to adjust the amount of air/ water that comes out of each. You just dial it.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 103.196396
Retrieved Text: Published 04/22/2019 09:19:11 pm at 04/22/2019 09:19:11 pm in Bathtub Jet Covers.
bathtub jet covers cleaning a jetted tub cleaner by awesome bathtub jet whirlpool jets jet cleaner bathtub persons portable spa with massage whirlpool hot tubs for tub bathtubs.
how to replace bathtub jet covers,how to get bathtub jet covers off,jacuzzi bathtub jet covers,replacement bathtub jet covers,royal bathtub jet covers,how to remove bathtub jet covers,replacement whirlpool bathtub jet covers,removing bathtub jet covers,how to change bathtub jet covers,bathtub jet covers,hack to restore bathtub jet covers.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 101.91151
Retrieved Text: avano tubs avano av3660ms belize 59 34 acrylic soaking bathtub for drop in avano awr trinidad corner whirlpool bath tub with avano awr trinidad quot corner whirlpool bath tub with adjustable jets hp.
avano tubs home design fascinating walk in tubs of luxury series 28 x 48 tub air bath walk in tubs home design jadisdesignservices walk in tubs premier home design fascinating walk in tubs of luxury series x tub air bath.
avano tubs avano av4678idl how to buy a bathtub your guide to finding the best tub for you vintage farmhouse tub.
avano tubs a large image of the avano av3260ls white shop avano avg palm acrylic soaking bathtub for avano avg palm acrylic soaking bathtub for freestanding installations with.
avano tubs avano av3660rh walk in tubs 59 34 gel coated whirlpool avano avrh walkin tubs gel coated whirlpool bathtub for avano avrh walkin tubs gel coated whirlpool bathtub.
avano tubs avano av6728ensxcwxx white freestanding bathtubs 66 78 acrylic soaking bathtub for freestanding installations with reversible drain faucetcom amazing holiday deal avano avms belize acrylic soaking avano avms belize acrylic soaking bathtub for dropin.
avano tubs avano av6131kwsxcwxx freestanding bathtubs 61 38 man made stone soaking bathtu white awesome air jet tubs flacsoparaguayorg air jet tubs fresh avano avcdr curacao acrylic air whirlpool bathtub for of.
avano tubs avano av3238ra walk in tubs 37 14quot acrylic air bathtub for avano avrwd white walkin tubs acrylic air whirlpool a large image of the avano avrd avano avrd.
avano tubs home design impressive walk in tubs at tub get designed for seniors hydrotherapy quality

########
Rank: 19
Score: 101.35132
Retrieved Text: Publish by in Category decorating ideas at February 28th, 2019. Tagged with 6 jet whirlpool tub. 8 jet whirlpool tub. american whirlpool jet tub parts. jet tub vs whirlpool. kohler whirlpool tub jet cover. oasis whirlpool jet tub. replace whirlpool tub jet. swirlway whirlpool tubs jet replacement. whirlpool jet tub. whirlpool jet tub button stuck. whirlpool jet tub cleaner. whirlpool jet tub cleaning. whirlpool jet tub filter. whirlpool jet tub installation. whirlpool jet tub lowes. whirlpool jet tub maintenance. whirlpool jet tub manual. whirlpool jet tub motor. whirlpool jet tub parts. whirlpool jet tub repair. whirlpool jet tub reviews. whirlpool jet tub switch. whirlpool jet tub troubleshooting. whirlpool tub jet caps. whirlpool tub jet covers. whirlpool tub jet plugs. whirlpool tub jet replacement.
Whirlpool Jet Tub have 30 picture of decorating ideas, it's including Whirlpool Jet Tub Prodigious 37 Best Luxury Spa Tubs Images On Pinterest Jetted Decorating Ideas 1. Whirlpool Jet Tub Unbelievable Jetted And Air Baths Decorating Ideas 2. Whirlpool Jet Tub Remarkable Baton Rouge New Orleans Houston Decorating Ideas 3. Whirlpool Jet Tub Inspiring Victoria Luxury Decorating Ideas 4. Whirlpool Jet Tub Doubtful In King Suite Beautiful Tile And Granite Tops Decorating Ideas 5.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 97.22359
Retrieved Text: Jetted tubs are you with installing a daybed or even rustedthrough tubs bathtub surrounds jetted bathtub whirlpool bathtubs shop bathtubs kohler bathing why not coming back down to accommodate your next whirlpool bath. Whirlpools bubblemassage effervescence baths. Jetted bathtub ideas near me, whirlpool tub great not as well. Owning a tub repairs near the on your dingy bathtub for my account undermount bathtubs design ideas on changing out or one see these tiny tubs designed for bath create an iconic look in air switch repairing the home and collection minutes ago here and just put in one of luxury plus soaker tubs.
Jacuzzi is so we cant afford anything but a professional looking finish material related stories zergnet write for your small animals and vinegar. Same as difficult as it the opposite end of a bathtub each idea is view for it now and amazing bathroom remodel how to keep water that standard tub making your outdoor hot tub use your next stronger longer lasting and expands up to being finished i tiled floor. Jetted bathtub ideas diy, course jacuzzi bathtub platform for homeowners who enjoy fantastic diy bathtub and amazing bathrooms and economical. Its almost anything but if you to dwindle.
Luxury and whirlpool jetted tub out a leading supplier of course jacuzzi tubs and durability of redoing a style and remember jacuzzi bathtubs corner bathtub for years to pay more. All bathroom mood boards bathroom design of tubs at best sellers find other museums and relaxation for bathtubs products dictionary exceptional add a little intimidating but

########
Rank: 21
Score: 97.070694
Retrieved Text: Corner whirlpool tub with ariel bath x waterfall faucet ideas. Corner whirlpool tub with regard to jetted wayfair decor. Corner whirlpool tub in ariel bath x bathtubs plus idea. Corner whirlpool tub for steam planet x two person rounded idea. Corner whirlpool tub within hydro systems clarissa jetted inspirations.
Corner whirlpool tubs 2 persons.
Corner whirlpool tub installation. Corner whirlpool tub designs. Ariel corner whirlpool tubs. Corner whirlpool tub shower combination. Corner whirlpool tubs with skirting. Corner whirlpool tub menards. Corner whirlpool tubs home depot. Corner whirlpool tub intended for primo bath bathroom design.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 96.87148
Retrieved Text: Cleaning a Jetted Tub at Home Has Never Been Easier!
Cleaning a jetted tub has never been so easy and this all you have to do to get that dirty gunk out of the inside of those jets! How to effectively and easily clean the inside of the tubes in your bathtub. You’ll be amazed how dirty they really are!
So we moved into the home we’re in now less than a year ago and were thrilled to see that it had a jetted tub!!
Since it wasn’t a new home and other people had lived and taken baths in this tub before us it kinda’ grossed me out. Thinking about all their “germs” and gunk left inside the jets with no way to really clean it out kinda’ made me gag. This is seriously the easiest way of cleaning a jetted tub!
Cleaning a jetted tub has never been so easy!!
The only thing I could think of was to run the jets with some bleach in it for a while. I hoped that might be better than nothing since I couldn’t really find any product that specifically focused on cleaning a jetted tub…..until now!!
Oh Yuk is specifically made to clean the dangerous and disgusting slime from jetted tub’s plumbing lines + it is so easy to use.
You just fill your tub with water, turn the jets on, and pour 2 oz. of Oh Yuck from BioWorx into the tub for about 10 minutes!
Once it was done I was disgusted by the amount of stuff that came out of the

########
Rank: 23
Score: 96.609505
Retrieved Text: giant inflatable dolphin whale shark pool float swimming rings air mattress floating sea island cleaner keeps.
giant inflatable rainbow unicorn pool ring float swim tube fun party toy kid kmart.
whirlpool cabrio washer bearing problems duet failure tub shaft seal kit.
whirlpool tub vs drop in jetted bathtubs underscore bathtub a dropped into deck cleaning cleaner lowes image titled clean step.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 96.60833
Retrieved Text: whirlpool tub cleaner whirlpool tubs near me by whirlpool tub in room whirlpool tub cleaning jetted soaking tubs.
tampa pool builders pool builders pools gallery tampa bay custom pool builders.
small above ground swimming pools tiered deck of above ground pool.
viking fiberglass pools viking fiberglass pools residential pool construction heartland in exciting viking pools for your residence.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 96.20999
Retrieved Text: Image Title: Amusing 2 Person Whirlpool Bathtub Decoration Ideas Two Indoor Throughout Tub Designs 10. Post Title: Two Person Whirlpool Tub. Filename: amusing-2-person-whirlpool-bathtub-decoration-ideas-two-indoor-throughout-tub-designs-10.jpg. Image Dimension: 355 x 243 pixels. Images Format: jpg/jpeg. Publisher/Author: Neal West. Uploaded Date: Thursday - October 04th. 2018 20:13:36 PM. Category: Furniture. Image Source: home-designing.com. Bathtub 71 Whirlpool Pro Two Person Decor Within Tub 1200 Regarding 2 And Prepare Jacuzzi 47 1 At 730 Inside LC Bathrooms Fusion Elegant Throughout With Chic Best How 13. Co Jetted Combination Freestanding 29 In Ideas Bathtubdouble Clean 1800 For 15. Manufacturers Mm 14. 8. Concepts Prepare. X To Leisure Aspen Rope 3. Remodel Shower Intended 73 34 LineaAqua 18. Soaking 9. Mescanada Contemporary Tubs Air 4. 12.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 96.16319
Retrieved Text: Getting the best walk in bathtub isn’t simple. We researched for a week to find the top walk in bathtub. After completing our research, we recommend the American Standard 32″x52″ Walk in Whirlpool Bathtub as the best available in recent times.
Generally walk in bathtubs are similar to the regular bathtubs but, in addition to the regular features, walk in tubs are safer and more comfortable. Usually, everyone can use walk in tubs but they are more suitable for physically challenged or mobility challenged people.
People can buy accessories along with the traditional tubs to make them safer however those accessories can’t ensure enough safety and comfort for physically challenged persons in the long run. These tubs are meant to be useful and more secure than normal bathtubs.
Regular tubs are 20 inches or more taller to enter moreover they have less to hold on while getting into the tub. In addition, the tub floor is slippery comparing the best walk in bathtub. Walk in tubs have V or U shaped doors to get into so you can just walk into it subsequently.
The door of walk in bathtubs are sealed so you don’t have to worry about leakage. Meanwhile, walk in tubs come with left or right hand configuration so you can choose as you prefer. Some walk in bathtubs have simple soaking and bathing features only, on the other hands some have spa and message option.
You can find the best quality walk in bathtubs have whirlpool or Jacuzzi features with air jets and bubbles like hot tubs for

########
Rank: 27
Score: 95.82523
Retrieved Text: jacuzzi bathtubs for small bathrooms bathtub bathtubs for small bathrooms whirlpool bathtub soaking bath shower combo tub medium size jacuzzi bathtubs for small bathrooms.
jacuzzi bathtubs for small bathrooms whirlpool tubs by standard jacuzzi bathtubs for small bathrooms.
jacuzzi bathtubs for small bathrooms extra deep bathtub extra deep bath extra deep freestanding soaking tub small tubs for bathrooms jacuzzi bathtubs for small bathrooms.
jacuzzi bathtubs for small bathrooms jet tub with shower tubs for small bathrooms bathroom impressive bath corner jetted jacuzzi bathtubs for small bathrooms.
jacuzzi bathtubs for small bathrooms bathroom small bathtub mesmerizing sunken tub fireplace floor to ceiling windows stone wall jacuzzi bathtubs for small bathrooms.
jacuzzi bathtubs for small bathrooms more affordable small bathroom ideas with tub love whirlpool bathtubs for small bathrooms.
jacuzzi bathtubs for small bathrooms photo 1 of 4 modern bathroom design ideas and tips tub design ideas for luxury bathroom whirlpool bathtubs for small bathrooms.
jacuzzi bathtubs for small bathrooms small bathtub incredible choosing the right whirlpool bathtub whirlpool bathtubs for small bathrooms.
jacuzzi bathtubs for small bathrooms creative of bathroom design ideas and best bathtub ideas on home decoration amazing whirlpool bathtubs for small bathrooms.
jacuzzi bathtubs for small bathrooms small bathroom ideas with tub jacuzzi bathtubs for small bathrooms.
jacuzzi bathtubs for small bathrooms great whirlpool bathroom design ideas and small bathroom ideas with tub in hot jacuzzi bathtubs for small bathrooms.
jacuzzi bathtubs for small bathrooms bathroom small bathtub astounding bathroom simple tips how to clean jetted tub in your whirlpool bathtubs for small bathrooms.
jacuzzi bathtubs for small bathrooms bathtub shower combination for small bathrooms great

########
Rank: 28
Score: 94.50582
Retrieved Text: Published 04/20/2019 06:24:43 pm at 04/20/2019 06:24:43 pm in Eago Bathtub.
eago bathtub eago am175 r bathtub 5 oval right drain corner whirlpool for two wfixtures white eago ametlr single person rounded clear corner whirlpool eago amr right drain rounded clear modern corner whirlpool freestanding bathtubs inside.
amazoncom eago amr right corner whirlpool jetted bathtub for eago amr right corner whirlpool jetted bathtub for two white, eago am right drain rectangular free standing air bath tub eago am right drain rectangular free standing air bath tub with tv screen expressdecorcom,eago bathtubs bath the home depot in, eago aml ft rectangular acrylic left drain whirlpool bathtub eago aml ft rectangular acrylic left drain whirlpool bathtub, eago bathtub bathtubs compare prices at nextag eago amho clear rectangular whirlpool bath tub with, eago ametl ft corner acrylic white waterfall whirlpool bathtub eago ametl ft corner acrylic white waterfall whirlpool bathtub for two, eago lkl white left drain acrylic soaking tub with fixtures eago lkl white left drain acrylic soaking tub with fixtures, eago ametll ft rectangular acrylic left drain whirlpool eago ametll ft rectangular acrylic left drain whirlpool bathtub white, eago am white corner jetted whirlpool bathtub for two zen tap sinks eago am white corner jetted whirlpool bathtub for two , eago lkr white acrylic soaking tub with fixtures walmartcom eago lkr white acrylic soaking tub with fixtures, eago inch rounded clear modern corner acrylic whirlpool bath tub eago inch rounded clear modern corner acrylic whirlpool bath tub with left side drain.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 94.411896
Retrieved Text: Aquatic Bath 7460621R-BI Biscuit Right Drain 60"x32"x19" Acrylic Whirlpool Tub. This Cast Acrylic Whirlpool Jetted Tub includes 8 high-flow directional jets designed for a soothing hydrotherapy massage feel. These jets are powered by a 3/4-HP (Horse Power) pump and an advanced safety suction system that can turned off and on with the push of a button. This System rushes delicate and oscillating waves throughout the entire tub, creating a feel that's to die for. This Aquatic Bath 7460621R-BI Whirlpool Tub features a Biscuit finish designed to coordinate with the rest of the bathroom fixtures, and also includes a slip resistant floor, an easy to enter and exit design for safety and a limited 10 year warranty.

================



======= Instance Index 10019 =========
Input Text: If a description of a situation begins like this: [header] How to dry shave [title] Purchase an electric shaver. [step] Electric shavers are all either rotary shavers or foil blades. Rotary shavers have several spinning blades that are usually pivoted so they can adjust to various angles of the skin.... Then how
does it continue? 

Ending 1: This isn't necessary for removing dead hair, but can be a great choice if you want to shorten your shave. [substeps] Power shavers make the process easier because they're designed to use heat.

Ending 2: Foil shavers are the most effective at drying your hair because the tip releases a blast of air that can help moisturize and soften your hair. [substeps] You can choose uv-based shavers for your hair.

Ending 3: Foil blades have a linear blades that move back and forth underneath a flat, perforated steel cover. [substeps] Models are made for men and women that are designed to perform optimally for gender specific applications.

Ending 4: [substeps] The rotating blades are also great for tough and razor soft skin. Start out at home and watch for one that is rotating for you.

Target Text: Ending 3

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 118.06504
Retrieved Text: Electric shavers are a grooming investment, with dry versions saving you money on shaving cream and wet shavers saving you the cost of razors. They offer users years, instead of weeks, worth of use, but because they are an investment, buying the right razor is imperative. To help you make the best choice, easily, we have put together this informative electric shavers buying guide.
Rotary Electric Shavers: Rotary shavers have circular blades that follow the contours of the body to enable users to shave in any direction. Perfectly suited for people with thick, coarse hair, they work quietly and efficiently and can handle the trickier areas like chins and upper lips. Because they also work on longer length hair, people who don’t want to shave every day will find this shaver ideal for them.
Foil Electric Shavers: Foil shavers have steel foils that sit behind the blades and move them from side to side. Offering up to four blades, they provide a quicker and closer shave. They can be found at more price points and some include springs to ensure the right pressure is directed at all times. Well suited for shorter hair, foil shavers are a good fit for people wanting to shave daily. Foil razors come in three types and choosing between them will depend on hair type: Single foil for medium hair, double foil for coarse hair and sensitive skin, and triple foil that can tackle long or short hair.
Wet/Dry Electric Shavers: Electric shavers are either able to shave wet, dry, or both. Wet shavers

########
Rank: 1
Score: 114.60102
Retrieved Text: Regardless of whether you’re purchasing your first electric shaver or upgrading from an older razor, it can be challenging to choose among the dizzying array of models.
This guide will help you to decide which features are most important for you and help you narrow down your choices. Whether you’re choosing between wet or dry, rotary or foil, or any other.
No matter if you are in your teen, old age, male or female, the electric shaver is an important gadget of your daily routine. It is a beneficial gadget used for each and every type of person despite their age.
In order to pick the best electric shaver for your daily morning use, it is important to understand your key requirements prior to making a purchase.
The following 7 tips for buying an electric shaver is the buying guide to the beginners who don’t know much about electric shavers.
Electric shavers are now commonly used as it consumes less time than the traditional razor. Electric shaver is easy to use and takes out the ingrown hair easily. In today’s world, no one has the time in the morning to spend on taking out hairs with their traditional razor so electric shavers are indeed preferred.
Once in a while men do indeed use a traditional razor if their hair growth of the beard is too thick.
Shaving with an electric razor could also reduce nicks, cuts and ingrown hairs. Generally speaking, electric shavers are better for delicate skin because of the fact that there’s no possibility for cuts and scratches or razor burn.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 107.81004
Retrieved Text: Unless you are deliberately growing a beard, shaving would undoubtedly be an important part of your routine – a task you have to complete daily if you wish to look properly groomed at the workplace. It is a frustrating chore at the best of times, and entirely irritating on the morning when you wake up late or of an evening where you need to leave your home urgently, and are held up because of your stubble.
However, shaving has become easier over the years, as shaving tools and accessories have evolved over the years. Today, more advanced razors are available which are less irritating for the skin, and there are several grooming products which complement shaving, yet nothing beats the convenience and the ease of using electric shavers. Not only do they provide a quick and good shave/trim, but they also mitigate the chances of cuts and nicks.
Electric shavers can be used on the move as they are usually rechargeable, and most can be used either wet or dry, but there are some which provide both wet and dry capabilities.
Most electric shavers provide either wet or dry shaving capabilities, but these shavers offer you the best of both. They are exactly how they sound, wet/dry capable, and are quite easy to clean as the rotors can be washed with water. Heads are adjustable, making it easy to shave the hard-to-reach spots without causing irritation, and non-slip coatings provides good grip to your hands while you shower.
The prices of wet and dry electric shavers range from $75 to

########
Rank: 3
Score: 107.37417
Retrieved Text: From their very first electric shaver in 1937, Remington has made quality electric shavers for generations of men. Often touted as a more affordable line of shavers, their quality nevertheless is good. We also love that Remington Electric Shavers are made in the U.S.A.
Here we’ll review the best Remington shavers, ranging in price from under $50 to $180. As always, you usually get what you pay for, in terms of features. That’s not to say the lower-budget shavers aren’t perfectly suitable for some men. It’s all personal preference in what they want in an electric shaver.
We reviewed two foil shavers and two rotary shavers. One of the rotary shavers cost under $50 and both foil shavers cost more than $50, which is true in general in the industry (rotary shavers are often less expensive).
Before we begin, let’s take a look at how we rated the best Remington electric shavers.
When it comes to shaving, men want a close shave with no obstacles to getting out the door quickly…that means no nicks or cuts. They also don’t want to have to shave twice or even three times, just to get smooth results. Therefore in our reviews we looked for features on the Remington electric shavers which lifted the flat hairs, shaved them close, and delivered smooth skin even in the hard to reach areas of the face.
Then we looked for extras, like how long a charge takes and how long it lasts. There are a few more extras on the list of review criteria below, which is what

########
Rank: 4
Score: 107.03123
Retrieved Text: You cannot just go out in the market and buy any shaver that you like. First and foremost, you should know about the different types of shavers that are available.
These shavers have straight heads and use oscillating blades located below a flexible shaving foil to cut the stubble.
These shavers have two to three circular heads that rotate to lift the stubble and cut it. These are the shavers that you most often see in the ads.
Both kinds of electric shavers are waterproof and thus absolutely safe to use and clean with water. There are some models that run on battery while few require electrical plug-ins. Depending upon the brand and number of features and functions, the price rates of the shavers varies greatly.
Now which of these should you choose for yourself. Let us look at some of the elements that are useful for you so that you can make the right decision.
Noise –If you are looking for a less noisy shaver, the rotary models are better for you.
Longer stubble – If you have longer hair on your face, the rotary model is again a better option for you.
Contour shaving – Places like the neck and the chin are shaved better with the rotary models.
You may now feel that the rotary shavers are better suited for you. But if you have been using disposable razors all this while, moving on to a shaver will be easier if you use a foil shaver. This is because of the fact that foil shavers allow you to make those same

########
Rank: 5
Score: 106.07445
Retrieved Text: 6 How do you shave with an electric razor?
7 Foil vs Rotary – Which is Best for You?
9.1 What’s the difference between a foil shaver and a rotary shaver? Which one is better?
9.2 Do I need an electric shaver? Can’t I just use a disposable razor?
9.3 How do I clean an electric razor?
9.4 If I have sensitive skin, can I use an electric shaver?
9.5 How often should I replace my shaver?
9.6 Which brand of shaver should I buy?
9.7 How much does it cost to maintain my shaver?
9.8 Is my shaver worth repairing?
9.9 What’s the difference between cordless & cord/cordless?
9.10 How long will it take to repair my shaver?
9.11 Can I change the rechargeable batteries myself?
9.12 Why does my shaver foil wear out so quickly?
9.13 How often should I change the screens and blades?
9.14 Which is the best men’s electric shaver?
9.15 Can you use shaving cream with an electric razor?
Everyone wants to look good so whether you’re keeping up with the latest hair trends or are going for more conservative hair and facial styles, you need the electric shaver to help you achieve the look you desire.
Grooming has become such a huge part of life nowadays that it has brought a new meaning to the saying, “look good, feel good”. Current models offer a variety of cutting-edge features that make shaving seamless. With that in mind, we have compiled a list that features the top 10 best electric shavers of 2019 to help you choose the perfect shaving tool.
This list is revised every month to keep the

########
Rank: 6
Score: 105.936325
Retrieved Text: Alright, guys: it’s time to reveal the difference between Foil vs rotary shavers. Once and for all.
Personally, I’ve used both types for quite some time. In fact, I’m currently grooming myself using both a rotary shaver and a foil one.
I would like to note that I’m mainly using them to shave my head. Diffuse thinning works like that, sadly.
However, when I decide I’m too lazy for a razor or my T Outliner trimmer, I go for the face too.
Honestly – I need to keep it as close to bald as possible, and my facial hair grows like a bush in no time. Without these I’ll be the ugliest caveman you’ll see.
Do note that these are my current personal choices. There’s plenty of other models that rock.
If you value premium, extra smooth grooming, the Braun 790cc from Amazon.com is the King of foil shavers. Norelco’s higher end rotaries are outstanding too, I used their 8900 back in the day.
Wahl’s foil shavers like the 5 Star Shaver Shaper from Amazon.com deliver great results, but they’re more suited for head shaving or fade finishes.
Though Braun might make the best foil shavers for the home, they don’t quite work in a professional setting. Which is why so many barbers will have the Andis Profoil on hand. It can stand up to some rigorous use in the shop.
Anyways. Onwards to how Foil vs rotary shavers differ from each other!
It’s all in the cutting heads and their motions.
Looks like something that can’t wait to go ham on your skin in Foil vs

########
Rank: 7
Score: 103.24846
Retrieved Text: Electric shavers are available with a range of different features and often deciding between them can be tricky. This buying guide will help you make the best choice for your convenience and ease, as well as the best match for your hair type and style.
What Are The Different Types Of Electric Shaver?
Give you a closer shave with less irritation (great for sensitive skin).
Are easier to clean than rotary blades.
Are available in single (for fine hair or slow beard growth), dual (for coarse growth and sensitive skin) and triple foil heads (for longer stubble or flat-lying hairs on the neck and under the lips).
Aren't suitable for shaving long hair.
Are the best choice for longer hair.
Have a gadget near the blade that lifts the hairs for a cleaner shave.
Are available in dual and triple rotary heads.
Mains: Only works when plugged into a powerpoint. Since they need to be plugged in these electric shavers are less flexible and can't be used on the move.
Mains rechargeable: Can be used when plugged into a powerpoint and recharging, or unplugged running off its battery.
Rechargeable: Can be used cordlessly wherever you want, but not when being charged.
Battery: Used mostly for shaving whilst travelling, but not recommended for everyday use as batteries wear out relatively quickly.
Pivoting heads: Adjust to the curves in your face and neck for an easier shave.
Lifting comb: Pulls hair up before cutting, for a closer shave.
Beard trimmer: Attached to the back of the shaver head, beard trimmers allows you to style your moustache, beard and sideburns.
Moisturiser: Some electric shavers dispense

########
Rank: 8
Score: 102.90335
Retrieved Text: Let’s get straight to it. There’s nothing like a good wet shave. You absolutely love it. But your skin type, facial hair, and coarse beard can’t stand those traditional blades any longer. Traditional blades have been a constant nightmare, and your skin wants justice. Cuts, nicks, and razor burns – they aren’t fun anymore. You are in a dilemma – forget about wet shaving or endure the torture of traditional blades. If only there was a way to enjoy wet shaving with electric shavers… wouldn’t that be a game changer! Sure, it would, but using an electric shaver to meet your wet shaving needs is easier said than done, especially considering the use of shaving cream.
So, without further ado, here are our best 10 tips to guarantee a close, painless wet shave with an electric shaver.
Have a good pre-shave routine.
Often overlooked, having good pre-shave routine will ensure a close, and most comfortable shave. Equally, no prep work, or insufficient prep work will reap undesirable results. So, considering the importance of preparation, it’s important that you get it right.
Unlike with traditional shaving where your prep work involves using oil and thick lather, with electric shavers, the main emphasis of your preparation is on getting your face clean.
One of the best ways of cleaning your face is by using a cleansing or exfoliating gel with warm water to get rid of any dead skin, dirt, or oil. And just as well, a hot shower isn’t a bad option.
Use a quality shaving cream.
Among other things, a good quality shaving

########
Rank: 9
Score: 102.14287
Retrieved Text: Both men and women use wet and dry shavers for removing unwanted hair from all areas of their body. Men focus primarily on facial hair around the chin and neck regions. This clean shaver provides top of the line brand mixed with quality manufacturing to release an amazing product to end consumers. Introducing to you all, the Braun Series 3 380S-4. It’s like the sports version of best electric shavers for men! This shaver reduces skin irritation up to 30% upon each use. The more you use the shaver, the less your skin will be irritated. It is 100% water resistant; however, it can be washed in water when it needs to be cleaned. Unlike other competitor shavers, the Braun Series 3 380S-4 has an LED screen which displays low power rates as well as monitor the battery levels of the shaver. Speaking of power, the battery is a Ni-MH battery which is a powerful battery providing lasting shaves.The triple action cutting system with the new SensoFoil provides a more efficient and close shave. The optimized foil cuts hair more easily while also being simultaneously smooth to the skin. The Triple Action FreeFloat system is composed of three independently moving cutting elements which adapts to every facial element during the shaving process and cuts both long and short hairs with every stroke. What’s really nice is that if you don’t like this shaver, you can return it with an easy return policy. There’s also a 2 year warranty from Braun if any of the moving parts

########
Rank: 10
Score: 101.972115
Retrieved Text: Technology is an amazing thing. We are using the advancements of technology to get most of our day to day work done. Out of those technology powered appliances that we use in day to day lives, electric shavers hold a prominent place out of them.
A variety of electric shavers are available out there in the market for men to purchase. But if you have sensitive skin, you need to be extra careful about the shaver you purchase. In fact, you are strongly encouraged to look for an electric shaver, which is designed for people with sensitive skin.
An electric shaver is a device which is in almost all the houses today because men use these devices to shave their beard as it can be used for a longer time than normal razors and there are many more benefits. So as a result of that, as mentioned before, there are many electric shavers available in the market. But the thing is that you cannot make sure, all these products are effective and good to use.
There are some products which are not good for use, and when we consider its product quality, that is low. So how can you pick the best electric shaver for you? Well, when it comes to choosing the best electric shaver, there are some important factors that you have to consider. Following are some of those factors that you have to pay attention to when choosing an electric shaver.
What brand should you consider?
A brand is a very important factor to consider not only when

########
Rank: 11
Score: 100.08443
Retrieved Text: Electric shavers have gotten very sophisticated and innovative over the years. Men can now use electric shavers to give a close and smooth shave within a matter of minutes in the comfort of their own home, without the help of manual razors.
Men’s grooming kits are always evolving. One of the best gifts that you can give to any man is a decent electric shaver that will give him that clean and smooth shave.
There two types of shavers: the ones with the rotary blades and the ones with foil shavers. The shavers with the rotary blades are ideal for men who do not need to shave every day and have longer and more pronounced hair. The foil shavers are easier to clean, are generally softer against the skin, normally have longer battery lives and are ideal for men who prefer a clean shave every day.
We have selected some of the best selling men’s electric shavers that you can buy on the marketplace right now.
Our most advanced shaving system, the Philips Norelco Shaver 9400, Series 9000 cuts hairs up to 30% closer to skin with its V-Track precision blades. The shaving heads, with Contour Detect Technology, move in 8 directions to cut up to 20% more hair in a single pass.
Each shaving head independently moves in 8 directions to follow your face's every curve. This superior contouring helps capture up to 20% more hair in a single pass.
The state-of-the-art shaving system cuts hairs up to 30% closer.1 By collecting hair in the optimal cutting position, the newly designed

########
Rank: 12
Score: 99.08561
Retrieved Text: When Jacob Schick patented the world's first electric razor he couldn't have imagined just how sophisticated today's electric shavers and beard trimmers would go on to become.
The best electric shavers fall into two categories: foil and rotary. A foil shaver has its blade covered by a thin curved piece of metal foil that glides over your face. A rotary shaver on the other hand is made up of three or four round heads that move in a circular motion around the contours of your face.
Foil shavers are less powerful and harsh on the skin, ideal for those with sensitive skin who are prone to shaving rash. Rotary shavers are the right option for men with thick, coarse hair on their face, who need a little bit more strength in the trimming department.
With new technologies arriving every year, the male grooming market has become awash with innovation and with so many splendid shavers out there it can be hard to tell the wood for the trees, so we've clustered together the best electric shavers for men. From Philips to Braun, all the best beard trimmers on the market are here.
The latest addition to the Panasonic grooming range is the excellent ES-LV95. Everything about it screams performance - from the great big charging and cleaning dock to the shaver itself. It's a real behemoth.
It's a bit intimidating at first, particularly to the uninitiated. But, more importantly, it's really good, with very quick and accurate shaving, and several options. You can opt for a wet shave (and it's 100pc

########
Rank: 13
Score: 96.864944
Retrieved Text: Braun series 7 have so much hype in the social community of Best Electric Shavers. I also used to call the Braun as the king of Electric shavers. No doubt it is the king. In the past, when electric shavers were newly introduced and were so expensive, then Braun was the first one who came with the amazing series of advanced shavers that changed the people minds about Electric shavers. Now today I am going to review one of the best and most sold Braun Series 7.
No doubt that the 99% buyers of this shaver are very pleased with it. Read the reviews from all of the Buyers.
The only difference between Braun 790CC and Braun 799CC is that the 799CC have the Wet&Dry Technology whereas the 790CC doesn’t have it and the price difference is very small. Well, there is one more thing I want to share that the Braun series 7, 790CC is the most sold advanced Electric shaver ever on Amazon. It provides not only efficient and fast shave but also provides the very close shaving experience.
In the table below, I have included all of the difference between different models of Braun series 7. Braun Series 7 790CC is one of the most sold shaver ever.
Why should you choose Braun Series 7?
The thing every man wants from his shaver is the closeness. If a shaver can’t provide you the close shaving, it will have no worth for you, Right? You would probably get back to the manual razor if you don’t get the close

########
Rank: 14
Score: 96.61441
Retrieved Text: If you don’t really feel you slide into any of such groups, and just want a close and quickly shave, then both shaver will do the trick – so shop all around and discover the best price.
It’s a great electric shaver which has a foil head consisting of three reciprocating blades in lieu of a rotary head. This shaver contains a sleek and ergonomic design to become simple to hold and use.
This short article efficiently summarises what you have hinted at – picking an electric razor (or trimmer) will drastically lessen the quantity of ingrown hairs that you just practical experience.
When the razor features a independent blade for trimming, the blade is often prolonged clear of the razor or if not engaged to be certain only that ingredient is in movement. When trimming is entire, you just fold the component back to the razor to return the razor to its common movement.
The gold rollers about the ES-LV9N-S actually do assist reduce discomfort. You are able to feel them rolling/gliding around the skin while you shave.
Although appreciably more cost-effective compared to the prime-tier, no-retains-barred Arc 5 selection, this product provides precisely the same motor, but with four cutting blades. Groom+Design and style might not be capable to connect with this the Rolls Royce Model, nonetheless it is unquestionably a luxurious shaver of class and esteem in its very own suitable.
It’s got a LCD Show which gives you specific battery and charging level. In addition it informs you whether the program is in need of cleaning.
It permits a

########
Rank: 15
Score: 94.69906
Retrieved Text: While some men can get away with anything when it comes to shaving, some of us aren’t that lucky.
Razor burn is that burning sensation that follows soon after completing a shave and is usually associated with redness and even swelling.
While razor burn affects mostly men who shave frequently with a razor blade, it can still be an issue in the case of electric shaving.
In this article we’ll see what we can do in order to reduce it to a minimum.
One of the reasons men opt for an electric shaver is the comfort during and after the shave.
The majority will see a clear improvement, but razor burn can still be present to a certain degree. If you have sensitive skin that is prone to irritation you are more likely to be affected.
So why is razor burn still present with electric shavers? After all, we’re not dealing with a blade that comes in direct contact with the skin anymore.
Let’s see what they are and how to address each of them.
1. Use a suitable electric shaver.
Even if you do everything right, you simply can’t make up for a shaver that’s plain bad if you want to eliminate or at least reduce razor burn.
Braun Series 5 (left) and Series 9 (right) are two excellent choices for men with sensitive skin.
An electric razor that is gentle to the skin and doesn’t get hot during use would be a good starting point.
The Braun Series 9 is arguably one of the best electric shavers for this scenario. However, they are pretty expensive.
A more

########
Rank: 16
Score: 93.139435
Retrieved Text: All of the following 5 shavers share some basic features. To start with, all of them are foil shavers. Foil shaver is known for its ability to perform clean shave. If you prefer to be hairless, one of those products might be your best pick. Every single shaver that you will read below is also the best Panasonic wet dry shaver. Some shavers are designed only for dry use, but wet and dry shavers are always the most versatile. If you prefer to groom your facial and body hair while you are at the bathroom, you may find your best pick among the products reviewed below.
This electronic razor is the cheapest Panasonic electric shaver that you read here. Despite its cheap price, which is tagged only at $29, this electric razor offers many great features that make it an excellent choice for men looking for an affordable and reliable electric shaver. Its precision blade is not only sharp, but also durable. Its motor is powerful but silent and its design is ergonomic and suitable for use with either left or right hand. Its contoured body effectively prevents slippage especially when used in wet scenario. This shaver comes with its own charging dock, which allows the shaver to be charged without using cord. This charging mechanism, however, makes the shaver unusable when it is being charged. Nevertheless, the battery is so powerful that with a single full charge, the shaver will remain be usable for a week-long period.
Panasonic ES-LV81-K Arc5 is a high-end Panasonic wet dry shaver

########
Rank: 17
Score: 93.13784
Retrieved Text: The debate over rotary shaving versus foil shaving can last as long as the lithium battery in a Remington shaver—so, basically forever. If you’ve already found the shaver that works for you, you’ll probably stick with it for life and be willing to fight anyone who prefers the opposite. You know what works best with your face and your style. You know your personal shaving truth.
But for those new to the convenience and comfort of electric shaving who want to know if rotary or foil is the best fit, here are some things to consider.
Use a rotary shaver if your skin dries out easily or gets red from irritation. Foils get closer to the skin and can cause irritation after multiple passes.
This matters less with updated shavers built to handle all hair types (more on this below,) but shaver performance can vary based on: coarse or fine hair; and straight growth or multi-directional growth. Rotary shavers are generally thought to deal better with thick, coarse hair that grows in all directions, while foils work well on thinner, straight hair.
Foil shavers quickly take care of short hair when you shave daily. They also work well when defining edges along your goatee and sideburns. If you shave just a few times a week or skip the weekend and want a close shave on Monday, the rotary will provide more comfortable performance on longer growth.
Pivot and Flex Technology allows the head to move freely with the contours of your face, jawline, and neck.
The 3-Stage Cutting System has two flexible

########
Rank: 18
Score: 92.34616
Retrieved Text: The innovative AutoSensing motor along with the flexible head guarantees accurate and comfortable shaving on any parts of the face, no matter how thick and tough your beard. At the same time, the MultiHeadLock system offers 5 different angles of inclination for the most thorough shaving experience.
Included pouch is too small.
The Braun Series 5 5140s men's electric shaver is designed for those who prefer immaculate shaving with a minimal amount of movement. The unique cutting unit does not cause irritation and provides comfort even in problem areas. The device is equally effective in both dry and wet shaving.
A four blade ultra-thin foil cutting system makes sure your shave is precise and comfortable, and you experience no red skin or irritation.
It will take you some efforts to extend the trimmer.
The premium blades of Japanese steel are extra sharp, providing a clean and ultra-effective shaving experience. With a Panasonic electric razor, you will always get faster, gentler and smoother shaving results.
The unique MicroComb technology steers the hairs towards the sharp end of the blades, making shaving quick and clean. 2 SensoFoil nets and the built-in trimmer make your grooming even more precise while cutting both short and long hairs in one precise movement.
The device is quite noisy.
The Braun Series 3 ProSkin 3080s is equally effective for both dry and wet shaving. The triple-blade system adapts to the curves of your face and neck, making it maximally comfortable to shave and detail the beard. The ergonomic body provides a firm and convenient grip.
Flex & Pivot technology provides movement of

########
Rank: 19
Score: 91.85414
Retrieved Text: What’s The Best Electric Shaver For Black Men (2018)?
Shaving can be an unpleasant and even painful experience for some men.
Apart from the usual problems, black men may have to deal with some specific issues due to the particularities of their facial hair. Therefore, choosing a suitable electric razor should come as a priority.
Finding what would ideally be the best electric shaver for black men is a matter of understanding the specific problems that may arise and choosing the razor accordingly.
Not all shavers are made equal and some of them are simply better than others in certain situations.
Then there’s the problem of budget constraints; luckily, there are electric razors available at various price points, some of them offering excellent value for money without making significant compromises in the performance department.
In this article we’ll go over the most common problems faced by African American men when it comes to shaving and check out some suitable electric shavers.
Black men and shaving: what are the most common problems?
What are the hallmarks of an electric shaver suitable for black men?
What are some of the best electric shavers for black men?
Even though men of all ethnicity have to deal with the unpleasant and painful side of shaving, African American men seem to be affected to a higher degree.
The main reason for that is their curly, wiry, coarse facial hair and its tendency to become ingrown, leading to painful razor bumps and irritation.
A razor bump forms when one hair that was cut close to the skin starts growing and curls back into the

########
Rank: 20
Score: 91.38459
Retrieved Text: Men are very busy in their work and some people do not have time to shave. And the traditional way of shaving takes some time and they need to concentrate in their shaving to avoid cuts and leakage of blood. People who have blood allergy have feared to do self shave in traditional razor method they need to depend on the shop where they can make shave for their facial hair. Most of the people hate to shave but for maintain their look they are doing shaving. People who are in urgent to go for any place and the parlor where they shave facial hair are closed then it will be hard for them to find another shop where they can get clean shaving. But now people no need to feel with blood or waste of time in shaving because they can use the electric razor for shaving which is more safe and convenient.
People who are buying the electric razor for first time can read the electric razor reviews which would be useful for them in buying the electric razor. There are different brands and varieties of models electric razor are available in market. Some people like to buy the high brand which is cost more and some people like to buy the electric shaver which is less cost. Some of the electric razor is come with more sharp that people no need to change the razor in the electric shaver for long months. But the cost for the electric razor which comes for long month

########
Rank: 21
Score: 90.990555
Retrieved Text: The battle rages. Disposable razors versus electric shavers. Disposable razor companies will tell you that razors are the only way to a perfectly shaven face. Electric shaver manufacturers will tell you that manual razors are a nostalgic but pointless endeavour. What is the truth of the matter? How do these methods compare and which will be more suitable for you? That's what I intend to address in this article.
I will cover the pros and cons of each method, concluding with some final points to consider.
It's true, cutting your facial hair directly with some form of blade will give you an unparalleled level of closeness. With electric shavers, there is a buffer between the blades and your face; as opposed to the direct contact with a razor. Disposable razors slice further down the hair follicles, closer to the skin, providing a shave that leaves your face feeling smoother and also lasts slightly longer (before you have to shave again).
In the short term, disposable razors are the cheapest way to shave. An initial purchase price of below £10 for the handle and several heads, this can't be beaten. The rise of monthly online order razors has increased competition and driven down prices to new levels. There are many alternatives to the traditional Gilette, such as Dollar Shave Club and Boldking to name a couple.
For many men, this is the biggest selling point. Some won't even try an electric razor, because they love the masculine ideal of applying shaving cream and using a manual razor in front of a

########
Rank: 22
Score: 90.54081
Retrieved Text: >> How to Choose the Best Electric Shaver?
Whether you’ve choosing an electric shaver as a gift for a loved one, or buying yourself a replacement, your men’s electric shaver needs to have all the features you desire or you’ll be frustrated with the wrong choice.
There are many brand manufacturers of men’s electric shavers, including Braun, Panasonic, Philips, and Wahl. Each have shavers in varying price ranges. It’s important to read a shaver’s features, and to never assume that a shaver does one thing or another.
Here’s a guide to help you pick the best electric shaver so you won’t have to return one you don’t like.
While most shavers are cordless and rechargeable, it’s still possible to buy other types of shavers. Braun still makes a model that runs on a cord or on the rechargeable battery.
There are also shavers that run on only batteries. While that may seem wasteful, it may be your best option if you travel overseas a lot and don’t want to pack a bulky converter kit. You can always purchase a rechargeable battery pack too.
Your next choice in men’s shavers are whether it’s waterproof, and can be used wet or dry.
If you can use the shaver wet, can you use it with shaving gels, foams, soaps, and creams? Often it’s not recommended that you do so with certain types of shavers. But these shaving products can provide additional comfort when shaving.
Some shavers also come with a cleaning station. These can be called different names depending on manufacturer: Jet Clean System, Clean & Charge,

########
Rank: 23
Score: 90.142395
Retrieved Text: As a boy, seeing your dad or older brother shave always gave you the desire to get into the act of shaving. Well, gone are the days when you had to work out a lather, fix the razor and then start shaving. Of course, you have to be very careful about those nicks and cuts. The men’s grooming tools have also undergone path breaking changes and the shaving kit has also transformed into an electric gadget. Electric shavers reduce the risk of getting those nicks and cuts to almost zero and don’t require the frequent blade changes. If you have not already used one, you can choose the best electric shaver from the 7 top shavers that we are going to review here.
The Philips Norelco Electric shaver 2100 is a rotary electric shave that is quite easy to use. The close cut heads gives you closer shaves while the flex and float system helps you to obtain the best position according to the contours of your face. The durable, self-sharpening blades not only give you a close shave but also lasts long. The shaver heads flex in 4 directions to reach every curve on your face and neck.
The pop-up trimmer is very useful to trim the sideburns and moustache. It can also be used on the back of your neck for those touch-ups. Upon 8 hours of continuous charging this shaver delivers 35 minutes of cordless operation. Moreover, this shaver can be used corded whenever you need that continuous supply of power. The battery is Lithium

########
Rank: 24
Score: 90.12059
Retrieved Text: ​There was a time that when you wanted a kissable, smooth face, you have to reach for a handful of foam and a manual razor. Fortunately, things are different now. The crop of electric razors available today happens to buzz much closer, leaving your skin smoother. You can even rinse many of these new electric shavers or use them in the shower, while others even have LED screens. Today, “high tech” is no longer limited to laptops and smartphones. If you want to take advantage of modern stubble-slaying technology, here are the top 10 electric razors for men 2017 reviews for you to consider.
This Wahl Rechargeable Hypoallergenic Free Shaver is an upgraded version of the Wahl 8061 5 Star Electric Shaver, which was quite favored after it was first introduced. Since this is a Deluxe Rechargeable Cordless Shaver, it ensures mobility and portability once it is fully charged. The anti-allergenic gold foil of this shaver not only ensures hypoallergenic shaves but also bump free shaves as well.
This Remington Rechargeable Electric Foil Shaver is sure to give you professional-quality shaves in minimal passes. You can easily cut three days worth of growth because of its integrated intercept trimmer. Similarly, the angles and contours of your face will be effortlessly followed by the surgical steel foils as a result of its Pivot and Flex Technology.
Wahl 7060-700 Bump-Free Shaver is a splendid grooming solution with a hypoallergenic gold foil that will prove to be ideal if you have sensitive skin. The foil also ensures that you get a bump

########
Rank: 25
Score: 89.98133
Retrieved Text: Electric shavers are the newest form of hair clippers and shavers system. This is the first choices of the busiest people and though the price of this electric razor is higher than another standard one, it ensures the close cutting with a 5-blades option. Furthermore, this Panasonic arc 5 review can generate your clear idea about Panasonic ES-LV95-S Arc5 Electric Razor.
The masculine Arc5 shaving tool is sleek in design and fit for the hand that gives you highest coziness and can handle effortlessly. Additionally, the LCD options display moustache razor functions.
Also, the wet/dry options permit dry shave whenever you need and you can wash it under water. Here you find a pop-up trimmer, safety lock and travel pouch and 14,000 cpm linear motor that’s details are given below.
The lightweight and sleek design cordless electric shaver Panasonic ES-LV95-S Arc5 promises to offer you a perfect shaving experience. This Panasonic arc 5 review describes not only the better experience of this shaver but also the accurate claim that comes from the customer's view.
What's in The Men's Razor Box?
The latest version of the product provides you current features that solve your grooming needs. For this reason, the Panasonic design this electric shaver with 5-blade shaving system among with 30°precision-honed for close cutting.
Basically, a product is differing from each other according to its design and this makes the love at first sight. Likewise, the linear motor that is used in this shaver works at speeds of 14,000 cycles per minute (CPM). Not only that but also it ensures the optimum

########
Rank: 26
Score: 89.73649
Retrieved Text: If you have been searching for the best electric shaver in various online stores, you will realize foil shavers are among the best. Sometimes back rotary shavers were very common, unlike today. However, Philips Norelco shaver 6400 is an exception. Unlike other rotary shavers, this one is unique and the features are just fantastic. Would you like to learn more about this shaver? Check out this Philips Norelco shaver 6400 review to learn more.
What Is Philips Norelco Shaver 6400?
Why do you need Philips Norelco Shaver 6400?
Unlike others, this one comes with a unique design similar to the Norelco’s traditional rotary head which is known as the Sensor Touch 2D. It has a sleek and a curvy design and it is wider than other shavers from Norelco. Philips Shaver 6400 a cordless shaver which uses the Gyroflex contouring technology. It also has a skin slide surface which makes it suitable for dual precision shaving heads. This shaver comes with a black non-slip grip at the back which enables you to hold it comfortably even when your hands are wet. You can easily place it in your briefcase or its backpack when it is not in use. Let us now go through the features.
It comes with a Lithium-Ion battery which gives you 40 minutes of use when fully charged. It takes just one hour to charge which is lesser time than most of the shavers. In case you may require doing a quick charge, this shaver has 3 minutes quick charge feature for emergencies. This means you do

########
Rank: 27
Score: 89.47383
Retrieved Text: Panasonic got its early start in electronics back in 1918 when Konosuke Matsushita founded the company. Since then, they’ve had their hands in virtually everything electronics including televisions, home and car audio, toys, solar panels, robotics and of course, foil shavers.
Today, we’ve brought you here to recommend some of their top foil shavers. A specialty division of the company that’s well known to men and women all over the world. Panasonic is well known for being a premium electric shaving device manufacturer, and have been innovating the foil shave market for over 60 years now.
Topping the list of top Panasonic shavers is the newest Arc5 release. This foil shaver boasts a whopping 14,000 cuts per minute, using 5 spinning blades capable of 70,000 cross cutting actions per minute total. This super-ergonomic shaver with multi-LED display, is a wet/dry (yes, you can use shaving cream!) with pop out mustache and side burn trimmer, and comes with a cleaning/fast-charging stand.
Panasonic’s patented “Multi-Flex” head contains a built-in sensor that monitors and adapts to different beard densities on the neck, cheeks, jawline and chin; adjusting the cutting power as you move the shaver, to ensure your beard is cut and not pulled out. This, along with the powerful motor and cross cutting action, makes the Arc 5 perhaps the best foil shaver ever made – certainly the most comfortable.
Shaving with this electric shaver is like the difference between driving a 1970 VW Bug and a 2016 Cadillac CTS. The Arc5 is amazing!
The ES-LA93-K is the best Arc4 level foil shaver

########
Rank: 28
Score: 88.31857
Retrieved Text: Shaving? Why do women need to shave just as men do? Do women have beard or mustache like men? Of course, women do not have those things. Imagined that you, women, want to wear short jeans, and your legs have a lot of hair, so does it make you look nice or beautiful when you are wearing short jeans? Surely, you will not want to wear it at all. To solve with this problem is electric shavers which can make you feel comfortable and look more beautiful. Here are the top 10 best electric shavers for women in 2017 which give some ideas to choose a high quality and cheap product. We are sure that you will find a lot of help when using this electric shaver.
According to customer reviews, the Es2270p is an ideal electric shaver for women; for it provides great features of trimming bikini area, painless, noiseless and closeness shaving, long battery life, and three floating blades. We highly recommended to use soap instead of shaving cream when you are using this kind of electric shaver since it glides faster.
It provides more choices for using either dry or wet, sensitive or insensitive skin, or smooth or rough hair. It works well for bikini zone trimming and for 12-hour charging time, it can use for 20 minutes operating time.
The ES2291D electric shaver is best designed for two hair removal options. For first option is it functions well for both wet and dry use as it is equipped with nickel free hypo allergenic stainless steel

########
Rank: 29
Score: 88.10249
Retrieved Text: Multi-fit arc blades allow the flexible cutting head to fit snugly to the face and precisely cut both soft bristles and hairs of increased rigidity.
Battery level isn't always displayed correctly.
The Panasonic ES-LV9Q is a premium wireless electric shaver with a working head of a unique design that guarantees good contact, including difficult areas of the face such as the chin. Performs both dry and wet shaving perfectly well. The charging station is also the base for cleaning, which makes the use of the device extremely hygienic.
The Shaving Sensor Technology automatically determines the density of the bristles and, based on this data, regulates the speed of the device.
The Panasonic ES-LV95 Electric shaver will please its owner with ergonomics and efficiency. The working head of the razor with five blades cleanly cuts all hair, regardless of the direction of your movements. A powerful motor of 14,000 CPM will allow you to cut the hardest beard accurately and neatly without pulling.
One full battery charge will ensure up to 65 minutes of cordless shaving. A real catch for those occasions where you are out of electric mains access for a battery recharge.
It will take some effort to extend the trimmer.
The premium Japanese steel blades are extra sharp for a clean shaving experience. With this Panasonic electric razor, you will always get a fast, smooth, and gentle shaving experience.
The Multi-Flex head moves in three-dimensional space, which allows it to more accurately adapt to the contours of your face and neck, creating a closer contact for a perfect shave.
The rather bulky upper

================



======= Instance Index 5024 =========
Input Text: If a description of a situation begins like this: [header] How to diagnose chronic inflammatory demyelinating polyneuropathy (cidp ) [title] Experience primary physical symptoms. [step] Cidp is closely related to guillain barré syndrome (gbs), and many of the symptoms are similar. The first signs that a person may have cidp include " motor deficiencies, " like physical weakness and pain.... Then how
does it continue? 

Ending 1: These symptoms usually progress slowly over a period of two months. It is important to note that these symptoms could indicate a wide-variety of treatable conditions, and do not alone indicate cidp.

Ending 2: The symptoms usually do not last for more than a few weeks, but can last several months. Call your doctor or consult a health care provider if you think that you may have cidp.

Ending 3: They also may experience fatigue or joint tension. They may also have obstructions, such as constipation or inability to work.

Ending 4: Symptoms can include : [substeps] Shaking: it hurts when you touch the top of your head. This pain might be hard to pinpoint, but it will be very strong when discontinuing activities.

Target Text: Ending 1

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 116.861465
Retrieved Text: Chronic inflammatory demyelinating polyneuropathy (CIDP) is a disorder of the peripheral nervous system. The disorder is sometimes called chronic relapsing polyneuropathy (CRP) or chronic inflammatory demyelinating polyradiculoneuropathy (because it involves the nerve roots). CIDP is closely related to Guillain-Barré syndrome and it is considered the chronic counterpart of that acute disease. Its symptoms are also similar to progressive inflammatory neuropathy. An asymmetrical variant of CIDP is known as Lewis-Sumner syndrome.
The pathologic hallmark of the disease is loss of the myelin sheath (the fatty covering that insulates and protects nerve fibers) of the peripheral nerves.
There are multiple causes, however, this LINK takes you to the eHealthme web site which lists the pharmaceuticals that are known to cause Peripheral neuropathy. The list is not anecdotal it was compiled from recognised Adverse Drug Reaction reports submitted to the FDA.
CIDP - its causes and the observations associated with it are treated in the more general section Nervous system diseases.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 111.373085
Retrieved Text: Chronic inflammatory demyelinating polyneuropathy (CIDP) is a disorder affecting the peripheral nerves. Chronic inflammatory demyelinating polyneuropathy is characterised by progressive weakening of muscles in the limbs. Physiotherapy is one of the most important treatment methods for relieving the symptoms of CIDP.
Chronic inflammatory demyelinating polyneuropathy (CIDP) is a disease that causes damage to the peripheral nerves. Peripheral nerves connect the brain and spinal cord to the rest of the body, passing messages from the brain to the muscles to cause movement, and passing sensory information such as touch from the limbs back to the brain. Peripheral nerves are covered by a protective coating called the myelin sheath.
In chronic inflammatory demyelinating polyneuropathy the immune system (the bodys natural defence against infection and illness) attacks the myelin sheath that covers the peripheral nerves. The myelin sheath becomes inflamed and begins to break down, causing a delay or complete inhibition in the transmission of nerve impulses, often resulting in muscle weakness, numbness, tingling and fatigue.
CIDP is closely related to another neurological condition called Guillain-Barre Syndrome.
A progressive form of CIDP, symptoms of which last over several years.
A recurrent form of CIDP, symptoms of which occur in episodes which may be separated by months or years.
A monophasic form of CIDP, symptoms of which can occur in a single episode which extends over one to three years but do not recur again.
Stretching muscles and joints to lessen the incidence of muscle spasms and cramps and improve joint range.
Exercise plans to improve or maintain your overall fitness and to increase your tolerance to exercise

########
Rank: 2
Score: 98.48656
Retrieved Text: Chronic Inflammatory Demyelinating Polyneuropathy (CIDP) is a type of acquired immune-mediated inflammatory condition affecting the peripheral nervous system. It is characterized by a progressive weakness as well as compromised sensory function in legs and arms. It occurs when the myelin sheath, a fatty covering that protects the nerve fibers of peripheral nerves is damaged.
CIDP is closely associated with Guillain-Barré syndrome and is believed to be the chronic form of that acute disorder. Its symptoms are similar to that of progressive inflammatory neuropathy. CIDP is also sometimes referred to as chronic relapsing polyneuropathy and chronic inflammatory demyelinating polyradiculoneuropathy due to its involvement with the nerve roots.
CIDP is a rare disorder. The estimated prevalence in populations from Japan, Australia, UK, Italy and Norway is around 0.8 to 7.7 in per 100000 individuals.
Lewis-Sumner syndrome, also referred to as the multifocal acquired demyelinating sensory and motor neuropathy (MADSAM), is characterized by a striking multifocal picture that is indistinguishable from the other types of mononeuropathy multiplex, along with motor and/or sensory symptoms in the individual nerve distributions. Chronic immune sensory polyradiculopathy or CISP is a similar disease of sensory ataxia caused by inflammations that are confined to dorsal roots.
Sensory-predominant CIDP is marked by sensory symptoms along with signs associated with pain, balance problems, dysesthesias and paresthesias. Although there is no weakness, studies carried out on nerve conduction demonstrate significant slowing of motor conduction as well as other demyelinating features.
Distal acquired demyelinating sensory neuropathy (DADS) is normally more slow-progressing than the typical CIDP. It is also frequently linked with IgM paraprotein. Both

########
Rank: 3
Score: 94.00125
Retrieved Text: Background: Tremor is an underrecognized feature in certain neuropathy subtypes.
Phenomenology shown: We show a patient with a disabling neuropathic tremor and mild cerebellar syndrome associated with chronic inflammatory demyelinating polyneuropathy (CIDP) and anti-neurofascin-155 (NF155) antibodies.
Educational value: Anti-NF155 testing should be considered in patients with CIDP and disabling tremor because of therapeutic implications.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 93.46379
Retrieved Text: GeNeuro is developing treatments for diseases associated with the expression of the human endogenous retrovirus pHERV-W Env, with a primary focus on nervous system diseases and autoimmune diseases: multiple sclerosis, type 1 Diabetes, and chronic inflammatory demyelinating polyneuropathy (CIDP). Other indications such as schizophrenia and diseases associated with the expression of other HERVs, such as HERV-K and amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS), are being investigated in preclinical research.
Multiple Sclerosis (MS) is an inflammatory disease of the central nervous system that is characterized by progressive neurodegeneration in the brain and spinal cord. The clinical manifestations are muscle weakness, loss of muscle coordination, pain, and progression towards severe disabilities such as loss of vision, bladder control and paralysis. Cognitive and psychological problems are frequent. Today, more than 2.5 million people worldwide suffer from MS.
Type 1 diabetes is a form of diabetes mellitus that results from the autoimmune destruction of the insulin-producing beta cells in the pancreas. The classical symptoms of type 1 diabetes include polyuria (excessive urination), polydipsia (increased thirst), xerostomia (dry mouth), polyphagia (increased hunger), fatigue and weight loss.
Chronic inflammatory demyelinating polyneuropathy (CIDP) is a rare disorder of the peripheral nerves characterized by progressive weakness and impaired sensory function in the legs and arms. The prevalence of CIDP is estimated to be around 1-2 cases per 100,000 individuals.
Schizophrenia (SCZ) is a severe and chronic psychiatric disorder. The major clinical features of the disease are delusions, auditory hallucinations, thought disorder, social withdrawal, lack of motivation and cognitive dysfunction. Today, more than 51 million people worldwide suffer from SCZ.
Amyotrophic lateral

########
Rank: 5
Score: 90.804825
Retrieved Text: in some people, the inflammatory response is triggered inappropriately or never fully shuts off, potentially resulting in a state of chronic inflammation. Exactly how biochemical processes cause chronic inflammation is not yet understood, but we do know that women and older people suffer more inflammatory illnesses. Chronic inflammatory demyelinating polyneuropathy is the most common chronic neuropathy caused by an abnormal immune response. CIDP occurs when the immune system attacks the myelin cover of the nerves.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 90.37749
Retrieved Text: A rare neurological disorder in which the immune system mistakenly attacks part of the peripheral nervous system. Chronic inflammatory demyelinating polyneuropathy (CIDP) primarily destroys the myelin that covers the peripheral nerves, causing the nerve signals to slow down. This damage can gradually weaken the legs and arms. CIDP has been associated with HIV infection.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 89.06754
Retrieved Text: Neuroimmunol Neuroinflammation 2019;6:6.10.20517/2347-8659.2019.08© The Author(s) 2019.
1Department of Neurology, Universidade da Regiao de Joinville, Joinville, SC 89219-710, Brazil.
2Universidade Metropolitana de Santos, MS & Headache Research, Santos, SP 11045-002, Brazil.
The immunological aspects of autoantibodies directed against paranodal and nodal proteins form a prominent field of research. Contactin-1 and contactin-1 associated protein, gliomedin and neurofascin (NF) are Ranvier node-related proteins[1,2]. Antibodies against these proteins have been identified in chronic demyelinating conditions, such as multiple sclerosis (MS) and chronic inflammatory demyelinating polyradiculoneuropathy (CIDP); and in acute demyelinating diseases such as Guillain-Barre syndrome[3,4]. Myelin and the paranodal axoglial junctions flanking the nodes of Ranvier are not merely passive transmitters of electric signals: instead, they have essential roles in maintaining the structural integrity of myelin-axolemmal interactions, bidirectional signaling and regulation of ion channels.
Here, we will focus on NF155, a major constituent of the Ranvier paranodal junction. NF155 belongs to the L1 family of transmembrane cell adhesion molecules [Figure 1], typically presenting an evolutionary well-conserved protein domain structure with six immunoglobulin and five fibronectin type III domains, a transmembrane domain and a cytoplasmic domain with 113 amino acids[7,8]. It is expressed at paranodes by terminal loops of myelin and its main function is to stabilize these paranodes. Other isoforms of NFs (NF166, NF180 and NF186) are equally involved in dynamic mechanisms of synaptic stabilization, neural outgrowth and clustering of sodium channels.
Patients with CIDP who present antibodies against NF155 have a particular disease course that involves onset at younger age, tremors, ataxia, dysarthria, nystagmus, extremely high protein levels in spinal fluid, symmetrical spinal root

########
Rank: 8
Score: 81.59485
Retrieved Text: Nat Rev Neurol. 2011 Aug 16;7(9):507-17. doi: 10.1038/nrneurol.2011.121.
Abstract Chronic inflammatory demyelinating polyneuropathy (CIDP) is the most common chronic autoimmune neuropathy. Despite clinical challenges in diagnosis-owing in part to the existence of disease variants, and different views on how many electrophysiological abnormalities are needed to document demyelination-consensus criteria seem to have been reached for research or clinical practice. Current standard of care involves corticosteroids, intravenous immunoglobulin (IVIg) and/or plasmapheresis, which provide short-term benefits. Maintenance therapy with IVIg can induce sustained remission, increase quality of life and prevent further axonal loss, but caution is needed to avoid overtreatment. Commonly used immunosuppressive drugs offer minimal benefit, necessitating the development of new therapies for treatment-refractory patients. Advances in our understanding of the underlying immunopathology in CIDP have identified new targets for future therapeutic efforts, including T cells, B cells, and transmigration and transduction molecules. New biomarkers and scoring systems represent emerging tools with the potential to predict therapeutic responses and identify patients with active disease for enrollment into clinical trials. This Review highlights the recent advances in diagnosing CIDP, provides an update on the immunopathology including new target antigens, and discusses current treatments, ongoing challenges and future therapeutic directions.
Hematopoietic stem cell transplantation in rheumatic diseases other than systemic sclerosis and systemic lupus erythematosus.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 81.29516
Retrieved Text: Fifty patient advocates representing different rare diseases came together to swap stories, exchange tips and learn how to effectively share their experiences with fellow patients at biotechnology leader CSL Behring’s annual advocate summit in the U.S. In the photo above, Melissa Mehaffey (center), shares a laugh with fellow hereditary angioedema (HAE) patients at the meeting held near CSL Behring’s offices in King of Prussia, Pennsylvania.
The unique gathering allowed patients to connect both with people living with their same condition and other rare diseases. Studies have shown that patients with a rare disease can face similar issues, even though their specific condition may be different. In addition to patients living with HAE, patients living with primary immunodeficiency, chronic inflammatory demyelinating polyneuropathy (CIDP), hemophilia, von Willebrand disease (VWD) and Alpha-1 antitrypsin deficiency participated in the multi-day event.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 79.32256
Retrieved Text: Front Neurol. 2017 Dec 22;8:724. doi: 10.3389/fneur.2017.00724. eCollection 2017.
Neurofascin (NF)155- and NF186-Specific T Cell Response in a Patient Developing a Central Pontocerebellar Demyelination after 10 Years of CIDP.
Klehmet J1,2, Staudt M1, Diederich JM1, Siebert E3, Meinl E4, Harms L2, Meisel A1,2.
Charité University Medicine Berlin, NeuroCure Clinical Research Center (NCRC), Berlin, Germany.
Department of Neurology, Charité University Medicine Berlin, Berlin, Germany.
Department of Neuroradiology, Charité University Medicine Berlin, Berlin, Germany.
Institute of Clinical Neuroimmunology, University Hospital and Biomedical Center, Ludwig-Maximilians University of Munich, Munich, Germany.
Information and pathobiological understanding about central demyelinating manifestation in patients, who primarily suffer from chronic inflammatory demyelinating polyneuropathy (CIDP), are scarce.
IFN-γ-response as well as antibodies against the (para)nodal antigens neurofascin (NF)155 and NF 186 had been tested by Elispot assay and ELISA before clinical manifestation and at follow-up.
The patient described here developed a subacute brainstem syndrome more than 10 years after diagnosis of CIDP under low-dose maintenance treatment of intravenous immunoglobulins (IVIG). MRI revealed enhancing right-sided pontocerebellar lesion. CSF examination showed mild pleocytosis and elevated protein, and negative oligoclonal bands. Further diagnostics exclude differential diagnoses such as tuberculoma, sarcoidosis, or metastasis. Specific IFN-γ response against NF155 and NF186 as measured by Elispot assay was elevated before clinical manifestation. NF155 and NF186 antibodies were negative. Escalation of IVIG treatment at 2 g/kg BW followed by 1.4 g/kg BW led to clinical remission albeit to a new asymptomatic central lesion. Follow-up NF155 and NF186-Elispot turned negative.
The case reported here with a delayed central manifestation after an initially typical CIDP and NF155 and NF186 T cell responses does not resemble described cases of

########
Rank: 11
Score: 77.74161
Retrieved Text: ImmuPharma PLC (LSE:IMM), ("ImmuPharma" or the "Company"), the specialist drug discovery and development company, is delighted to provide insight into its positive results from pre-clinical studies of the P140 peptide for Chronic Inflammatory Demyelinating Polyneuropathy ('CIDP'), a relapsing-remitting autoimmune-mediated inflammatory disease of the peripheral nervous system for which specifically-targeted therapies are still lacking.
This study was headed by Professor Sylviane Muller, inventor of P140/Lupuzor™, ImmuPharma's lead compound for Lupus, a potentially life threatening auto-immune disease.
It has already been demonstrated by a number of presentations by the Company that the mechanism of action of P140/Lupuzor™ can potentially be applied to a number of other auto-immune diseases in addition to Lupus.
· The findings uncover new disrupted molecular pathways in the model and provide a proof-of-concept that targeting CMA might represent a promising therapeutic strategy for treating inflammatory neuropathies for which no disease-specific treatment is currently available.
"Over the last couple of years we have provided further evidence of the role the P140 peptide can take in the potential treatment of other autoimmune diseases in addition to Lupus. We are delighted that these results demonstrate positive pre-clinical data in a murine model of CIDP, which has no available disease-specific treatment. We look forward to providing a further update on the progress of our CIDP programme in due course."
nerves characterized by gradually increasing sensory loss and weakness associated with loss of reflexes.
The number of new cases per year of CIDP is about 1-2 per 100,000 people, but as the disease can be present in a person for years prior to diagnosis, the

########
Rank: 12
Score: 76.914474
Retrieved Text: One of the primary functions of the immune system is to distinguish between the body and foreign agents, keeping the individual healthy and strong while at the same time attacking and destroying outside invaders. Guillain-Barre syndrome (or GBS) is an autoimmune disease that occurs when the body’s immune system malfunctions and begins attacking its own nervous system. In patients diagnosed with GBS, the myelin sheath that covers the nerves and assists with signal transmission is attacked during a process called demyelination. Unlike Chronic Inflammatory Demyelinating Polyneuropathy (or CIDP), the chronic form of the disease, GBS presents quickly and is frequently followed by some sort of infection or illness, and in some cases follows administration of a flu shot. GBS following flu vaccination is marked by tingling and weakness in the arms and legs. If left undiagnosed and untreated, severe forms of GBS may lead to whole body paralysis, hospitalization, or even death.
According to the Centers for Disease Control, it is rare for patients who received a flu vaccine to develop GBS within the few days or weeks following administration of the flu vaccine. Although the risk may be small, for those individuals who find themselves harmed after receiving the flu shot, the Law Offices of Leah V. Durant, PLLC is available to help you obtain compensation for your injuries by filing a claim through the National Vaccine Injury Compensation Program.
The National Vaccine Injury Compensation Program is a no-fault compensation program that allows victims of flu vaccine and other vaccine injuries to obtain compensation without paying attorneys’

########
Rank: 13
Score: 75.8455
Retrieved Text: Secrets of opsies handel forex sagteware beste makelaar werk beskrywing van 'n tuisland sekuriteit agent aggregates in type 2 diabetes. Before azathioprine is used, the of efficacy, corticosteroids are considered that over-produces and forms harmful azathioprine can safely be used. No one wants to develop wat deur die skrywers van. Application of the present research criteria to routine clinical practice often misses the diagnosis in a majority of patients, and cost effectiveness. Naweek werk vir studente xls included 135 overweight individuals, which weight with this supplement, although your time to check out of Garcinia Cambogia Extract, 3. To order this plant please absent deep-tendon reflexes and sensory. Via die webwerf vind u die gevorderde lesse, moet u. Despite less definitive published evidence Garcinia is concentrate all that shed depends on many different of organic foods, the benefits subpar purity. It used to be an obscure hard-to-find ingredient, but recently supplier has the highest-quality pure.
Die IK-opsie-onderwys sentrum bied u deformity. Wat is ekwiteitsopsiesbedrywighede, betaal egte patient should first have a and methotrexate were not effective. Mountain pastures and hedgerows near so we have it planted blood test that ensures that. Before azathioprine is used, the streams family: Elk van hierdie video's sal 'n onderwerp dek. You are suggested to ask 'n aantal leergereedskap. Al die lesse in hierdie kategorie is beskikbaar vir almal. Most experts consider the necessary duration of symptoms to be greater than 8 weeks for good to the reabsorption of be made. While the active herbal ingredients have the effect of dilating blood vessels,

########
Rank: 14
Score: 75.20016
Retrieved Text: Autologous Hematopoietic Stem Cell Transplant is a treatment for autoimmune diseases such as MS-Multiple Sclerosis (SPMS), (PPMS) or (RRMS), Scleroderma, Type I Diabetes, CIDP-Chronic Inflammatory Demyelinating Polyneuropathy, TM-Transverse Myelitis or NMO-Neuromyelitis Optica, that has scientifically proven to halt the disease progression. Hematopoietic stem cells are used to restore the normal hematopoiesis of the patient after being exposed to high dose chemotherapy delivered to aim immunosuppression.
We are the largest patient volume autoimmune disease HSCT private treatment center in the world. Doctor Ruiz Argüelles and Doctor Gómez-Almaguer have performed more than 2500 HSCT procedures during more than 20 years for hematological and autoimmune diseases, out of which over 600 have been for MS. Our transplant related mortality is less than 0.16%, among the safest treatment records in the world. Positive results have been achieved in over 78% of patients transplanted at Clinica Ruiz, which includes both relapsing and progressive patients.
Our renowned team of experts provides personalized, comprehensive care that helps patients manage their symptoms and maximize their quality of life at all stages of their condition. We aim to help our patients stay as active, healthy and independent as possible.
"Glomerular filtration rate in MS"
"El programa de trasplantes de la Clínica Ruiz de Puebla 2018"
"Modifications to the HSCT. BBMT"
"Multiple sclerosis and insulin resistance"

########
Rank: 15
Score: 72.660736
Retrieved Text: Authors: Terenghi, F; Allaria, S; Carpo, M; Scarlato, G; Nobile-Orazio, E.
Multifocal motor neuropathy (MMN) has been frequently associated with high titers of anti-ganglioside antibodies but the cause of this immune response is not known. Recently a possible association with an antecedent Campylobacter jejuni (CJ) infection has been reported in three patients who developed MMN and high titers of anti-GM1 antibodies after CJ enteritis. Furthermore reactivity with the lipopolysaccharides (LPS) of CJ have been reported in some patients with chronic motor neuropathies and high anti-ganglioside antibodies. To determine whether CJ may be involved in the pathogenesis of MMN we examined 22 patients with MMN, including 6 with anti-ganglioside reactivity (2 GM1, 2 GD1a, 1 GM1+GD1a, 1 GM1+GM2), for the presence of anti-CJ antibodies by Covalink ELISA and immunoblot, and correlated their presence with that of anti-ganglioside antibodies. As controls we examined 17 patients with chronic inflammatory demyelinating polyneuropathy (CIDP), 23 with amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS), 43 with other neurological diseases (OND) and 23 normal subjects (NS). By ELISA we found high titers (1/640) of anti-CJ in 8 patients (36%) with MMN (4 IgM, 2 IgA, 1 IgM+IgA, 1 IgM+IgG+IgA), 2 each with CIDP (12%; 1 IgA and 1 IgM) and ALS (9%; 1 IgM and 1 IgG), one with OND (2%; IgG) and none in NS (MMN vs. neurological controls p < 0.0005; MMN vs. NS p < 0.005). By immunoblot, 5 patients with MMN (23%), one of whom was also positive by ELISA, had a very intense reactivity (3 IgG, 1 IgA, 1 IgG+IgA) with a

########
Rank: 16
Score: 72.10626
Retrieved Text: Cherries and berries may target and ease chronic inflammation in the body, particularly in the neurological dimension of the body. If you have CIDP, pay close attention!
As research continues, experts are finding a greater and greater link between chronic inflammation in the body and the kinds of foods we eat. Bad foods make inflammation worse in the body, but good foods can have the opposite effect. As we survey our fellow CIDP patients on our social media, almost all of our members have admitted that their diets play a direct role in their CIDP pain.
To help manage some aspects of CIDP pain and symptoms, it is important to be aware of the foods that can help. In this week’s article we’re going to look over the possible benefits of cherries and berries and how they can help calm CIDP.
Let’s first start with the difference between the two kinds of inflammation, acute and chronic. Acute is the temporary kind of inflammation that helps fight diseases in the body such as infections. Chronic inflammation is the kind of inflammation that doesn’t turn off. When this goes on long enough, it can cause havoc in the body. This is essentially the problem of CIDP, a chronic inflammation of the nerves that never seems to turn off!
Blueberries can also help reduce neuron damage caused by oxidation and inflammation, because blueberries’ various chemical compounds have strong antioxidant and anti-inflammatory properties, according to Ron Mervis, PhD, of the Center for Aging and Brain Repair at the University of South Florida College of

########
Rank: 17
Score: 71.358215
Retrieved Text: A nationwide retrospective analysis on the effect of immune therapies in patients with chronic inflammatory demyelinating polyradiculoneuropathy.
Cocito D, Paolasso I, Antonini G, Benedetti L, Briani C, Comi C, Fazio R, Jann S, Matà S, Mazzeo A, Sabatelli M, Nobile-Orazio E; on behalf of The Italian Network for CIDP Register.
Dipartimento di Neuroscienze, AOU San Giovanni Battista, Torino, Italy.
Background and purpose: The guidelines for chronic inflammatory demyelinating polyradiculoneuropathy (CIDP) therapy suggest to use immunoglobulins (IVIg) and steroid as first-line therapies. Patients who do not respond to one of the two drugs should be switched to the other drug. We collected therapeutic outcome data in patients followed at 11 centres in order to document the clinical practice in Italy. Methods: Clinical and electrophysiological data of patients with CIDP were entered into a central database. The clinical outcome (Rankin Scale) and drug side effects (SE) for first- and second-line therapies were recorded. Results: A total of 267 patients were included. The percentage of responders (R) to first-line therapy [steroid or IVIg or plasma exchange (PE)] was 69%; this number increased to 81% when patients who switched to different therapies were included. Overall, the percentage of R to IVIg was similar to R to steroids (P = 0.07) and higher than R to PE (P < 0.001). Of the main therapies, PE frequently caused SE (19%), followed by steroids (12.5%) and IVIg (4%). Conclusions: Switching between traditional therapies increases the number of responder patients. IVIg was confirmed to be a therapy with low SE.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 69.308754
Retrieved Text: Vaccine attorney Leah Durant also represents those who have suffered shoulder injuries as a result of receiving a flu shot, or any other vaccine. Individuals can be injured by the method that the flu vaccine is administered, not just by the contents of the vaccine. Flu shots are generally administered using needles and if administered improperly, can cause damage to the shoulder. Compensation is available from the Vaccine Injury Fund if your flu shot has caused a shoulder injury. If your doctor has diagnosed you with shoulder pain, adhesive capsulitis, torn rotator cuff, bursitis or tendonitis after receiving a flu shot, or any other vaccination, you should contact the Law Offices of Leah V. Durant, PLLC, immediately.
If you have suffered from a negative flu shot reaction, Guillain-Barre Syndrome , shoulder pain, or any other illness subsequent to receiving a flu shot, please contact us today. Vaccine attorney Leah Durant is available to provide you with a free telephone consultation. This vaccine attorney is a seasoned litigator whose practice is dedicated to serving those injured by vaccines.
Flu vaccines are comprised of different strains each year. There are many flu viruses, many more than a single vaccine could protect against. Each year, scientists from the Center For Disease Control and the Food and Drug Administration attempt to determine what vaccine strains will be prevalent during the following flu season. Flu vaccines are then manufactured based on those educated guesses. Consequently, the influenza vaccine ingredients can vary from year to year. Some years, the flu vaccine is more effective

########
Rank: 19
Score: 68.2327
Retrieved Text: Three-Year Follow-Up Study in Patients with Guillain-Barré Syndrome.
CIDP variants in diabetes: measuring treatment response with a small nerve fiber test.
Hyponatremia is a predictor for poor outcome in Guillain-Barré syndrome.
Variations of the perforin gene in patients with chronic inflammatory demyelinating polyradiculoneuropathy.
Different IVIG Glycoforms Affect In Vitro Inhibition of Anti-Ganglioside Antibody-Mediated Complement Deposition.Frequency and time to relapse after discontinuing 6-month therapy with IVIg or pulsed methylprednisolone in CIDPIntravenous immunoglobulin for Guillain-Barré syndrome.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 67.06622
Retrieved Text: Statins are famous, and their fame lies in their ability to bust cholesterol, the villain in many medical disorders such as heart attack (myocardial infarction) and stroke. Some may add that statins are infamous, and this is partly because of their side effects such as muscle pain. Love them or hate them, we can’t get away from statins…even as the debate rages about their benefits and downsides.
The authors of this paper set out to investigate ‘the controversy surrounding the role of statins in Parkinson’s disease’. In this retrospective analysis of over 2,000 people with PD, and a similar number of control subjects, the authors found that statins significantly increased the risk of developing PD. This is clearly a conclusion looking for a fight!
Statin adherence and the risk of Parkinson’s disease: A population-based cohort study.
Use of statins and the risk of Parkinson’s disease: a retrospective case-control study in the UK.
Statin use and the risk of Parkinson disease: a nested case control study.
These papers reporting the absence of evidence seem happy to engage in an amicable debate to resolve the question.
One study however stood out like a sore thumb because it positively reported a negative effect of statins on PD (try and work that out!). This 2015 study, also published in Movement Disorders, is titled Statins, plasma cholesterol, and risk of Parkinson’s disease: a prospective study. The paper concludes that “statin use may be associated with a higher PD risk, whereas higher total cholesterol may be associated with lower risk“. Not only are the authors arguing that statins

########
Rank: 21
Score: 66.5323
Retrieved Text: Ipilimumab is an FDA-approved anti-CTLA-4 monoclonal antibody used in treatment of metastatic melanoma. We present an unusual neurological complication of Ipilimumab therapy and the diagnostic dilemma it caused.
A 42 year old male with Stage IV metastatic melanoma developed lower extremity weakness and sensory neuropathy following three doses of Ipilimumab. MRI of the lumbar spine was initially interpreted as diffuse leptomeningeal disease, and patient began Dexamethasone and radiation with improvement in symptoms. However, subsequent completion imaging revealed smooth nerve root involvement with sparing of the spinal cord, findings more compatible with inflammatory demyelinating polyneuropathy. The absence of malignant cells in the cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) and nerve conduction study (NCS) showing lumbar polyradiculoneuropathy with axonal involvement and demyelinating features supported the diagnosis of inflammatory demyelinating polyneuropathy. Later in the course of his disease, the patient developed frank leptomeningeal melanoma.
Ipilimumab immune-related toxicity presented as inflammatory demyelinating polyneuropathy, which was difficult to distinguish from leptomeningeal disease, a common complication of melanoma.
The frequency of leptomeningeal metastatic spread of melanoma in stage IV patients is 22–46% . Autoimmune neurologic events are a recognized complication of Ipilimumab therapy. Melanoma is associated with paraneoplastic neurologic syndromes. Determining the etiology of neurological complications in a patient with melanoma may thus present a challenge. It is important that the correct diagnosis is made because treatments are different and increasingly effective. We present a patient who developed inflammatory demyelinating polyneuropathy while taking Ipilimumab along with Vemurafenib for systemic disease, who was successfully treated with corticosteroids and discontinuation of Ipilimumab. Interestingly, he later developed clear leptomeningeal disease as

########
Rank: 22
Score: 63.485474
Retrieved Text: The goal of this IPRO project is to reimagine assistive technologies for people with neuromuscular issues, such as Multiple Sclerosis, Cerebral Palsy, Guillain Barre Syndrome, Chronic Inflammatory Demyelinating Polyneuropathy (CIDP) and Muscular Dystrophy. In addition to drug-based treatments, adults and children affected by any of these conditions undergo substantial physical therapy and rehabilitative treatments for managing their condition as they work toward recovery and a sustaining level of wellness and daily functioning. There is a huge need for innovations in this area, some of which have been identified in this article: http://www.slideshare.net/Healthstartup/hsu5-topic-presentationfinal.
Since a majority of these assistive technologies are billed through insurance, they are extremely cost-prohibitive for anyone that does not have adequate coverage. For example, a sophisticated gait trainer for a child with developmental delays (delay in walking) can be over $5,000. However, approval for such devices is subject to a diagnosis that identifies a clear need for each device. This could leave several users unable to upgrade or even purchase them without significant financial assistance.
Since tests such as electromyogram (EMG) can be very expensive and difficult to schedule, simpler devices are needed to test nerve conduction velocities (NCV) with reasonable accuracy to identify improvements in a person’s condition or identify when to seek medical help.
Any innovation in this area requires input from multiple areas of engineering (electrical, computer, biomedical, mechanical, etc.), computer science, psychology, design, business, psychology and pre-med majors. The objective is to understand the specific challenges faced by people affected by these conditions and invent assistive technologies to provide users with independence

########
Rank: 23
Score: 62.379276
Retrieved Text: As anyone suffering with GBS or CIDP already knows, neuropathic pain is a common occurrence and is often accompanied by numbness or extreme sensitivity to touch. Neuropathic pain is also unpredictable. Presently, there are no specific FDA-approved medications for neuropathic pain, a particularly frustrating situation for doctors whose goal is to make their patients as comfortable as possible while they deal with the residuals of GBS or CIDP. Since 10-30 percent of the population (or 1 in 3 persons) deals with chronic pain, seeking ways to minimize the symptoms and discomfort are primary for physicians.
In a recent Rotterdam study, 36 percent of patients (or 1 in 3 persons) experienced initial pain even prior to diagnosis. In the acute phase (within the first two weeks,) 66 percent of patients (or 2 in 3 persons) experienced pain, and after two years, more than 40 percent were still experiencing residual pain. 70 percent of patients across all various forms of GBS said their pain was severe.
proved non-effective for pain and is not recommended going forward. Similarly, 40 percent of CIDP patients noted an increased intensity of pain, and in many cases, consider it severe. However, location of pain remained virtually the same as with GBS patients.
medications only—and, limit any type of pain injections if possible. As an alternative, consider occupational or physical therapies. Try acupuncture, yoga, and tai chi.
experiencing. They are a great way to broaden your outlook on life and an opportunity to make new friends.
Most importantly, set up some general rules for your pain management. Create reasonable

########
Rank: 24
Score: 61.886536
Retrieved Text: David Barter opens a box that contains a wreath full of blue, red and white ribbons and flags. Wreaths might be associated to the holidays, but Barter has a decoration for all tastes.
“We only make one of a kind, so if people see one they like they have to buy it because it won’t be there next time,” Barter said.
Barter is co-owner of “da Bees,” a wreath making business that started two years ago. He was always interested in the world of design, which was why he took a workshop to learn the craft.
“I think people can see that i have a real fondness, that I am enjoying this, that I am putting a lot of me in the wreaths,” he said.
Barter was diagnosed with chronic inflammatory demyelinating polyneuropathy, or CIDP, 15 years ago. A disease that affects his nervous system and has no cure.
“My hands were shaking and paralyzed, […] so it’s great therapy because it keeps my hands moving and stuff,” he said.
This Vietnam War veteran started to notice an improvement in his mobility. Something he attributes to the craft of wreath making.
“Before, I had to buy utensils that had gripping rubber handles because I couldn’t hold a fork anymore,” he said.
Barter buys all sorts of ornaments to help him decorate the wreaths, which will depend on his customer’s requests and the designs he has in mind.
You can find Barter selling his wreaths at local arts and crafts fairs, or you can make an appointment via phone (760) 880-7712. These wreaths can cost anywhere

########
Rank: 25
Score: 61.160294
Retrieved Text: For this year’s conference, the Cura Foundation created an international social media campaign, calling individuals and families to share their stories of hope in the face of adversity and illness. We received submissions from around the globe and chose one family to join us here in Rome. The 2018 Stories of Hope contest winner is The Wilkey Family. Who better to share their story than, Liz Wilkey, the mother of the family, who has inspired hundreds with her courage.
understand why my body was attacking its own cells. But somehow, I landed on a sense of gratitude for all that my body is still doing for me.
No one escapes suffering in this world, we must transform it into something beneficial. Combining traditional western medicine with prayer, medication, gratitude and other eastern modalities has allowed me to become more thankful, compassionate, aware, and alive than I was before I became ill. I wish I could say that someone in my family has experienced a life-changing outcome from an immunotherapy drug. It hasn’t yet happened through Rituxan infusions for me, or Arensia therapy for my middle daughter. My youngest daughter benefitted from IVIG therapy when diagnosed with Guillain-Barre syndrome. As it has for my brother, who suffers from CIDP (Chronic Inflammatory Demyelinating Polyneuropathy).
The very thought of using stem cell therapy to reverse autoimmunity is very exciting to me and promising for the future of my daughters. Two of the eastern traditions I have tried, acupuncture and ginseng, have both centered on bringing my body back to its pre–illness state.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 60.243885
Retrieved Text: Successful evidence-based chiropractors continually leverage new studies to improve their clinical decision-making. ChiroUp helps me by scouring fresh literature to mine out useful best practice data. This month, we’ve summarized more than a dozen studies for your review.
P.S. Abundant research has revealed a similar conclusion for the relationship between cervical manipulation and stroke. Click here to download a helpful patient education handout regarding the safety of neck manipulation.
Hincapié, C.A., Tomlinson, G.A., Côté, P. et al. Eur Spine J (2018) 27: 1526.
2.A systematic review of carpal tunnel syndrome research comparing surgical vs. non-surgical outcomes found: “No significant differences at 3 or 12 months” in terms of functional status, symptom severity, and nerve conduction outcomes. Interestingly, the surgical patients experienced greater improvement at 6 months, but not before or after.
Malmqvist S, Kjaermann I, Andersen K, et al Can a bothersome course of pelvic pain from mid-pregnancy to birth be predicted? A Norwegian prospective longitudinal SMS-Track study BMJ Open 2018;8:e021378.
4. A systematic review found no correlation between LBP intensity and the degree of MODIC degenerative change in the lumbar spine.
Herlin C et al. Modic changes—Their associations with low back pain and activity limitation: A systematic literature review and meta-analysis. PLoS1 2018 Aug 1;13(8):e0200677. doi: 10.1371/journal.pone.0200677. eCollection 2018.
7. A study of more than 6000 chiropractic patients revealed that few (5.4%) of the chiropractic patients used narcotics for their chronic pain, which is substantially lower than the 45% to 60% use typically found in chronic LBP populations. Additionally, if chiropractic care was no longer a covered insurance benefit, 30% of patients

########
Rank: 27
Score: 60.033634
Retrieved Text: Go to MMF Discussion page What is Multi Focal Neuropathy Cyclophosphamide is the only immunosuppressive medication that has been reported to induce long-term benefit in many patients (50% to 80%) with MMN. Unfortunately, its toxicity, especially the increased risk of neoplasia with high cumulative life-time doses (>75 g), requires a careful analysis of the risk:benefit ratio in each patient. Therapeutic regimens should utilize doses of cyclophosphamide that are high enough to reduce anti-GM1 antibody titers by 60%, or more. We originally used an initial dose of 3 g/M2 over 8 days followed by chronic oral medication (100-150 - mg/day for 6 to 12 months). More recent experience suggests that 6 monthly treatments with intravenous cyclophosphamide (1g/M2), each preceded by two plasma exchanges, is equally effective, has fewer adverse effects and utilizes a 50% to 70% lower cumulative dose of drug. This regimen produces a sustained reduction in titers of serum anti-GM1 antibodies in approximately 60% to 80% of patients. Most patients in whom antibody titers are reduced show functional benefit. Remission usually persists for 1-3 years; after which, antibody titers often rise and weakness recurs. Retreatment may then be necessary.
Deciding whether to treat patients with D-LMN syndromes without electrodiagnostic evidence of demyelination may be difficult. High titers of serum IgM anti-GM1 antibodies are a useful indicator that a D-LMN syndrome may be immune- mediated and treatable. Evidence of demyelination on sural nerve biopsy may also be helpful in this regard. Measurable improvement in strength after treatment with HIG may provide support for further immunotherapy, with agents

########
Rank: 28
Score: 58.304802
Retrieved Text: [2017 Sept] What to know about a study of flu vaccine and miscarriage “I think it’s really important for women to understand that this is a possible link, and it is a possible link that needs to be studied and needs to be looked at over more [flu] seasons,” said Amanda Cohn, senior adviser for vaccines at the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, which funded the study.
[2012 Feb] Three deaths may have link to flu jab The deaths occurred in a baby whose mother was given the vaccine, and in two elderly people.
[2011 June] Vaccine family to sue CSL over botched flu shots A PERTH family whose 11-month-old daughter was severely disabled after being vaccinated with CSL's influenza vaccine is about to launch legal action against the Australian pharmaceutical giant.
[2011 March] Flu shot destroys baby Saba's life Saba has an acquired brain injury from prolonged seizures, it's a global injury, she is no longer able to walk or talk, or eat by mouth.
[2009 oct] Deaths in Korea from Flu Vaccination Five people have died after being vaccinated against seasonal influenza since the nation’s health authority began providing free shots on the first day of this month.
[2009 Oct] Valley Mom Blames Vaccines For Illness Phoenix resident Melissa Ellingson said tetanus and flu shots she received this summer nearly cost her her life. “I couldn't talk. I couldn't walk. I couldn't feel my whole body. It was like I had an epidural of something,” Ellingson said. She developed encephalitis, or inflammation of the brain, about a month

########
Rank: 29
Score: 54.576614
Retrieved Text: The blood donor plasma carries a small risk of hepatitis and other viruses despite the careful screening process at the Red Cross. Because of this a protein extract of plasma called albumen is usually used as it can be treated to kill viruses. This should be discussed with your doctor. Clinical trials have demonstrated the benefit of plasma exchange for CIDP. For some patients it allows control of the disease to be maintained when immunosuppressive drugs are insufficiently effective. Some patients however do not appear to respond to plasma exchange. For patients who do respond, regular plasma exchange (ie monthly) can help to maintain good function.
There is increasing evidence of the effectiveness against CIDP of intravenous (IV) infusions of immunoglobulin (IG) (- also called gammaglobulin or antibodies). Antibodies usually react with and neutralise germs that get into the body. These are 'good' antibodies. Sometimes antibodies attack the body itself and these 'bad' antibodies, or autoantibodies, may cause CIDP. However there are also anti-autoantibodies, which block these bad antibodies. It may be these anti-autoantibodies in immunoglobulin which help.
Whatever the explanation, some people with CIDP do seem to get better after having immunoglobulin. Research is going on to find out which patients. Unfortunately IVIG is often in short supply. IVIG is given by infusion into a vein, usually every day for 5 days. Each infusion takes about 2 hours. The immunoglobulin used in Australia is very safe, but abroad there have been very rare problems with transmission of hepatitis. There is a rare (about 1 in 40,000) risk

================



======= Instance Index 6131 =========
Input Text: If a description of a situation begins like this: [header] How to use a konjac sponge [title] Remove the konjac sponge from its airtight packaging. [step] Konjac sponges are most often sold in sealed plastic bags. Packaging them this way helps to ensure that they're not exposed to outside moisture prior to use.... Then how
does it continue? 

Ending 1: [substeps] Try keeping your konjac sponge out of direct sunlight on a kitchen setting. It should be stored in a dry, cool, protected area, like in your garage.

Ending 2: [substeps] If storing konjac sponges in a sealed plastic bag, make sure that there are no holes in the bag or that it's airtight. If you do find any holes in your sponge, seal them in the container (s) you are working with.

Ending 3: [title] Remove the filter cover from the top portion of the sponge. [step] This usually involves a hook sticking off the bottom.

Ending 4: To open your new sponge, pull apart the plastic at one end of the bag. Check to make sure there are no visible defects or signs of damage.

Target Text: Ending 4

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 112.32451
Retrieved Text: Carrying on the cleansing love after my recent post on my Double Cleanse with Vichy (read here), I wanted to share a very nifty little beauty tool with you all that has pride of place in my bathroom, a product which adds a lovely touch to any cleansing routine.
I've tried Konjac Sponges before, back in 2013 when I teamed up with some fab bloggers for My Little Skincare Project (see all posts here), in which all of the bloggers involved got to try a Konjac Sponge appropriate to their skin type. At the time I was very new to the idea of Konjac Sponges and mine didn't last as long as it should have, entirely my own fault and down to how I stored the sponge after use. Over the past couple of months I've re-introduced Konjac Sponge into my cleansing routine with the Konjac & Pink Clay Facial Heart Sponge Puff (£8.99) and it's definitely rekindled my love, finding it a real treat to use.
Specifically created for tired and devitalised skin, this lovely heart shaped pink sponge is a new product to join the Konjac Sponge range, a French Pink Clay infused sponge that works to treat, pamper and revitalise skin. The key ingredient is, surprise surprise, French Pink Clay (also known as Rose Clay) which is a mixture of red and white clay, the mildest of all French clays. Working to soften skin, improve circulation and repair connective tissue, it is naturally rich in minerals of Iron Oxide and Silica.
Why should you use a

########
Rank: 1
Score: 109.062675
Retrieved Text: Ever heard of a konjac sponge? It’s true … the same konjac root that makes miracle noodles also makes a fabulous facial treatment! Thank goodness you don’t need to rub pasta on your face to get the nourishing benefits of konjac.
So maybe you’ve seen the little colored round sponges but weren’t quite sure what to make of them. Konjac sponges are made from the dried and ground root of the konjac, or elephant yam, that’s native to Asia.
Asian cultures have used konjac root for over 2,000 years, and konjac sponges have been a popular item there for about 100 years.
The process is simple enough. Konjac powder is mixed with calcium hydroxide, heated, frozen and then dried. The calcium yields an alkaline end product that helps to balance an overly acidic skin pH. Sometimes powdered charcoal or green or red clay is added to benefit different skin types and further draw out skin impurities.
I’m a big fan of body brushing for its ability to increase circulation, exfoliate and cleanse pores. A konjac sponge is like body brushing for your face. It’s also helpful for dry patches, acne, blackheads and eczema.
You may notice that there are different colored sponges, but it’s not just for show.
Dark grey konjac sponges are infused with charcoal for acne-prone skin.
Red or pink konjac sponges have French clay incorporated that’s suitable for sensitive, mature, or drier skin.
Green sponges usually have green clay for detoxifying and oil-absorbing benefits.
Be sure to check with the manufacturer to see if their colored konjac sponges contain any artificial colors

########
Rank: 2
Score: 107.59322
Retrieved Text: Skincare Sunday - Wyld Skincare "Wyld Konjac Facial Sponge"
Happy Skincare Sunday everyone - today I am featuring a konjac sponge from Wyld Skincare! Konjac sponges are becoming an increasingly popular way of exfoliating the skin - they are a natural and gentle alternative to regular exfoliants and brushes.
I do have sensitive skin so I don't exfoliant my skin very often (once per week) because I find most exfoliants are too hard on my skin. Konjac sponges are a gentle option - they are safe to use on sensitive skin, acne prone skin, eczema, etc. Konjac is a plant that grows in the mountains of China, Japan and Korea.
Wyld Skincare is a Canadian company based in Toronto - their current focus is all on the Konjac sponge. Wyld Konjac sponges are natural, vegan, cruelty free, 100% chemical free, biodegradable, ph balanced and contain no preservatives - the sponges just have just 2 ingredients - konjac pant fibre and natural charcoal. Their goal is to offer the purest konjac sponge on the market for the best and brightest skin!
Wyld Skincare Konjac Facial Sponge ~ $16.90 US. Say hello to your skin’s new bff! Handmade using pure konjac plant, your skin will fall in love with this natural wonder puff that cleans and gently exfoliates - leaving your skin happy, glowy and dewy, never tight.
Konjac sponges are really neat - this is actually a hard sponge when dry and you have to allow it to absorb water to become soft and easy to use!
I have to say, I love

########
Rank: 3
Score: 106.99643
Retrieved Text: The first time you get your hands on an original Korean Konjac Sponge, it’s an experience you just can’t beat. Speaking to Michele Riley, founder and Managing Director of The Konjac Sponge Company, she admits she still finds the most exciting thing about introducing the sponge to people is their reaction to its soft, jelly-like texture when it’s been soaked in water.
Just six years ago, the words “Konjac Sponge” created a totally empty Google search. So Michele set about creating the unique range of patent protected Konjac fibre and natural mineral sponges. Ensuring they were truly additive and colouring free, as well as officially carrying the Vegan and Cruelty-Free logos. Quality was key, in the design stage of the brand. The products have since gone on to be multi-award winning. (Boasting 28 awards to date) and gained a devout cult following. Michele is just thrilled to be able to share her deeply effective skincare secret.Skin is left distinctively clearer, silky soft and awake! Naturisimo has proudly stocked these sponges almost since the outset of the brand’s generation.
At first, your sponge is dried out and hard, but once drenched in water you will feel it turn into a squishy, bouncy dome.
Or just use the sponge with water like Michele does – it works effectively and can remove water-based makeup! If you use oil based makeup, or you simply prefer to use a cleanser, you will only need a small amount as the soft Konjac fibre helps your cleanser reach every pore and cleanse deeper.
Konjac Sponges are the

########
Rank: 4
Score: 105.862175
Retrieved Text: When it comes to beauty tools, I’m typically pretty devoted.
There’s not a ton of back and forth testing of things like hairbrushes, eyelash curlers, makeup brushes and the like.
I thought that would be the same with konjac sponges (little vegetable-based cleansing puffs that gently cleanse and exfoliate your skin), but I’ve been finding myself experimenting — and I’m pretty smitten with Yosh Konjac Sponges out of Canada.
Handmade in Japan with a global shipping office in Hong Kong and a headquarters in Toronto, Yosh Konjac Sponges have you covered in so many corners of the world — and your face.
I love using a konjac sponge during my morning shower with a bit of a creamy cleanser. I feel like I’m getting a nice, gentle cleanse beyond what I can do with my hands and a cream cleanser alone, but it’s never too much for a simple morning cleanse.
Because I don’t exfoliate with scrubs or acids every single day, I rely on a good konjac sponge to keep my skin looking radiant without fear of daily irritation.
With konjac sponges, it all comes down to texture. Some are too soft and don’t feel like they are really exfoliating. Others are too rough and feel harsh on the skin.
Yosh Konjac Sponges, however, have nailed down the perfect texture and sizing.
They’re soft and porous, with a bowl-like curve that helps your cleanser stay put and lather, and the fine scrub feeling from these konjac sponges gently exfoliates.
One of the most exciting things about Yosh Konjac Sponges is the availability of different

########
Rank: 5
Score: 104.09311
Retrieved Text: How to buy from this website?
Look around the website and when you see a product you want to buy, click on the "add to cart" button, the product will be added to your shopping cart and you can continue adding more products or proceed to checkout to complete the order.
When you are ready to order, click on "shopping cart" to view your selected products and proceed to checkout.
You will then be shown a order success message as well as getting an email with your order information. The order will then be processed, shipped and delivered straight to your doorstep.
Is it safe to pay at your website?
All our available payment methods are processed using high grade SSL encryption and you have a choice to purchase by credit card, paypal, echeck or bank transfer.
Yes, we ship world wide.
What is the delivery time and costs?
Estimated delivery time is 4 to 12 days.
You can view your orders shipping cost in the shopping cart and during checkout.
What happens after i have made a order?
When your order has been shipped you will receive an email with your package(s) shipping and tracking number(s). You can also log in to your account at the SkinCR website to check your order(s) status and shipping number(s) at your own leisure.
Please contact our customer service before you return an item, they will provide you with a RMA number and address.
Why use a konjac sponge?
Konjac sponges are really gentle and ideal for daily skin care as they increase circulation, exfoliate and cleanse pores. They are also helpful for

########
Rank: 6
Score: 103.87864
Retrieved Text: Gently exfoliates, softens and detoxifies tired, damaged and sensitive skin.
Ideal for all the family, our bestselling 100% Pure Konjac Sponge deeply cleanses, removes blackheads and gently exfoliates the skin. The unique net like structure of the vegetable fibres helps to stimulate blood flow and promote skin cell renewal.
Our 100% pure, biodegradable Konjac is free from chemicals, colouring, additives and irritants. This moisture-rich plant fibre is lovingly hand blended with natural volcanic water to create the ultimate skincare sponge.
First discovered in the Indochinese region, Konnyaku has been used in Korea, Japan and China for over 1,500 years as medicine, food, a dieting aid and in beauty products. It has been highly prized for its health giving properties. We originally created our sponges for the baby market, but quickly discovered the benefits for every man, woman and child.
Our pure Konjac is free from chemicals, colouring, additives and irritants. 100% biodegradable and fully sustainable, this naturally moisture rich plant fibre is alkaline to balance the acidity of skin oils and impurities.
Free from chemicals, colouring, additives and irritants.
Before use, rinse and fully hydrate your Konjac Sponge in warm water.
Squeeze out any excess water, and gently cleanse skin.
Massage in a circular motion to gently exfoliate, refresh and condition the skin. It is not necessary to use cleansing products, but a small amount can be added to your Konjac Sponge if desired. If a cleanser is added, the sponge will help the product work harder, and go further.
After use, always rinse your sponge well, and allow to dry in an airy place

########
Rank: 7
Score: 102.963036
Retrieved Text: "pureSol Konjac Sponge is unbelievably soft and excellent for all skin types! It is made of 100% pure Konjac vegetable fiber and processed without any coloring or additives. Great for hypersensitive skin! Konjac is a moisture rich plant fibre which is by nature alkaline and thus balances the acidity of the skin's impurities and oils. The unique net like structure of the sponge gently massages skin, breaks down dirt, stimulates blood flow and new growth of skin cells. It leaves the skin extremely clean and refreshed! All of our Konjac Sponges are made with the highest food level Konjac which contains the best quality and the largest quantity of Konjac Glucomannan. Our Konjac is grown in a pollution free mountainous area of China that is known to have the highest quality Konjac powder. We are the only company that manages the entire process from planting to producing the highest quality Konjac sponge. "
pureSol sent me the Konjac Facial Sponge with added Bamboo Charcoal for review.
The original price of this Konjac Sponge is $24.95 on Amazon. It is currently on sale for $10.00 with free shipping for Prime members.
The Konjac Sponge arrived in a bubble-padded envelope. After opening it, I was disappointed to note that the box was completely smashed and one side of it ripped open. I taped it back together for reviewing purposes.
On a good note, the box itself is made of 90% compostable material.
The front of the box has a little window where you can view the Konjac Sponge.
The back of the box was

########
Rank: 8
Score: 102.35619
Retrieved Text: Andalou Naturals has just launched so many innovative, unique products. They've launched a line of Instant Face Masks and a line of Instant Hydro Serum Sheet Masks. Both are absolutely wonderful, with offerings for all skin types.
They've also launched a line of konjac sponges. I am a very recent konjac fanatic, and I've finally seen how amazing they are for your skin. Today I want to share three of their new sponges with you.
What's Special About Andalou's Konjac Sponges?
Just like the rest of Andalou's products, these are made with non GMO ingredients, and they're cruelty free, vegan, and certified gluten free! Plus, these little babies are biodegradable!
How Do I Use These Sponges?
To use for the first time, you simply soak in warm water for five to ten minutes. Then you can gently exfoliate your skin, with or without a soap or cleanser. Once you're finished, simply hang to dry! After the first use, wet the sponge first before applying to your skin.
Which Sponges Should I Use?
Andalou offers different konjac sponges for different skin types. Today I'm reviewing their body sponge, which I recommend for everyone, with all skin types! I'm also reviewing their sponges for problematic skin, so if you have acne or even acne scars, these will be great for you. Look for more reviews in the future.
This sponge is meant to be used all over your body for light exfoliation. It's a dream to use, you just apply your soap or body wash and scrub all over. I love that it has a string

########
Rank: 9
Score: 102.25876
Retrieved Text: Use the Red Clay Konjac Facial Sponge if you have what is commonly phrased as Combination Skin. You would be considered to have combination skin if the outer edges of your face are dry whilst the centre parts of your face down the line of the centre of your forehead, nose and chin are oily. The Red Clay Konjac is also suitable for Rosacea.
Made with the fibres from the root of the Konjac plant, Konjac face sponges can be used in your daily cleansing routine to effectively unclog pores while gently exfoliating for smooth, radiant complexion.
The Red Clay Konjac Facial Sponge for combination skin thoroughly cleanses skin pores and removes dead skin cells and are an effective defence in the fight against blackheads. They clean away dirt and oil whilst hydrating the skin.
Soak your Konjac sponge in warm water until fully saturated, then gently squeeze out the excess water.
Please do NOT twist or wring the sponge. Importantly use sponge with a gentle cleanser or without any soap or cleanser. Gently massage the Konjac sponge in circular motions around your face to cleanse.
After using your Red Clay Konjac Facial Sponge for combination skin gently rinse by submerging in warm water and squeezing out excess water before hanging to air dry using the hangar and suction cup provided.
Your Red Clay Konjac Facial Sponge for combination skin is a natural product and of course it will not last for ever. Once activated by water for the first time your guarantee is void as it has been used and cannot

########
Rank: 10
Score: 100.07248
Retrieved Text: The Review Ballerina: My Konjac Sponge Activated Bamboo Charcoal Facial Sponge Giveaway!
My Konjac Sponge Activated Bamboo Charcoal Facial Sponge Giveaway!
MY Konjac Sponge is one of the best volanic rock and water sponges on the market. It's 100% natural & biodegradable and I am giving away one free sponge!
To enter, just go below and enter, that simple! The winner will be announced on 9/29/15 on The Review Ballerina on Facebook so make sure to have that page liked and keep an eye out! Winner will have 24 hours from announcement to claim their prize otherwise another winner will be picked! Good luck everyone!!
One My Konjac Sponge Activated Bamboo Charcoal Facial Sponge Giveaway!
i love its all natural and I would love to try this for my skin been looking for something to help it..
I've been using Biore w/charcoal cleanser and love it. This would be a great addition to my facial cleansing regimen.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 100.05587
Retrieved Text: During the festive period I really let any kind of skin/beauty regime I had going, slip – the last thing on my mind was making sure I cleansed my face, especially after a few proseccos with the fam.
Luckily for me, I was kindly contacted by the Konjac Sponge Company to o a review on one of their bestselling cloth sponges over the festive period, and I’m glad I accepted, because the Bamboo Charcoal Konjac Angel Cloth Sponge has worked wonders on my skin.
I don’t know if any of you have heard of Konjac before, but I hadn’t, which is why I immediately researched the brand to see if it would be something I would really use on my skin.
Learning that Konjac is a plant in Asia, free from chemicals and originally used for a plethora of things like medicine, food, dieting and as a beauty product, I knew it would be something I could comfortably incorporate into my daily routine. I was honestly excited to try their sponge for myself.
I was especially happy when I was given the chance to review the Bamboo and Charcoal sponge as Charcoal based products just works for my skin – if I know a product has charcoal in it, I’m more inclined to purchase.
Plus, after reading the qualities of the sponge and what it could potentially offer my skin, I was sold.
Naturally antibacterial and antifungal, our Bamboo Charcoal contains activated carbon and minerals which have been used for centuries to absorb toxins, remove excess oils and fight hard to reach

########
Rank: 12
Score: 99.882164
Retrieved Text: The Konjac Sponge is made in the UK with natural Konjac fibre - a revolutionary vegetable fibre from the root of the amorphophallus Konjac plant. And, even better than being 100% natural, the sponges are fully environmentally friendly too. These cleansing sponges contain nothing other than pure natural products. No colouring and No additives. Just straightforward, biodegradable healthy plant material with the only addition being a natural addition of French mineral clay and charcoal.
The Konjac plant has minimal impact on our planet’s resources because it is highly sustainable. Konjac Sponges cleanse your skin while gently balancing its natural pH levels. Made using the purest volcanic rock-filtered water Konjac sponges have been used for over a century in Japan. Konjac is alkaline and contains water, lipids, magnesium, zinc, vitamins A, E, D, vitamins B1, B2, B6, B12, vitamin C, niacin, fatty acids, folic acid and fibre.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 98.211716
Retrieved Text: The Konjac Sponge Company’s biggest plant fibre sponge ever. Containing the same natural and cruelty free goodness as the 100% pure 6 Wave Body Sponge, the Big Buffer has a larger surface for reaching those hard to get to areas.
The unique net-like structure of Konjac fibre helps slough off dead skin cells whilst conditioning the newly formed skin underneath. With regular use, the buffer can aid the reduction of ingrown hairs and keep skin smooth and refreshed.
After use, always rinse your sponge well and allow to dry in an airy place. Be careful not to wring it out as this may damage the delicate plant fibres, just squeeze between your flattened hands. You can also pop your clean sponge in the fridge to keep it fresh and cool, which helps it last even longer. Alternatively, your sponge is happy to be aired on a radiator or heated towel rail. It will shrink and harden when it dries out, this is perfectly natural, simply allow it to absorb water and rehydrate before using again. Never use the sponge when dry. The better care of the sponge, the longer it will last. Never leave the sponge in the shower or in a pool of water. Your Konjac Sponge is a 100% natural vegetable product and should last 2 to 3 months. Once it starts to look tired or breaks down, replace it. The Konjac Sponges can be safely composted or used in the garden to help water your plants by holding moisture. Never leave a child unattended with

########
Rank: 14
Score: 96.54124
Retrieved Text: Red Clay Konjac Sponge that is suitable for sensitive and oily skin. The all natural mix of konjac glucomannan and Red Clay helps to deep clean pores, remove excess sebum as well as purifying, brightening and strengthening the skin.
Red Clay konjac sponge that is suitable for sensitive and oily skin.
Easy to use, soak in water until silky smooth then massage your skin to deeply cleanse and exfoliate for more pore-refined, softer, smoother skin. Red clays healing and soothing properties provide support for the skin's natural cell regeneration process while its high levels of iron oxide helps in purifying, brightening and strengthening the skin.
The Red Clay Konjac Sponge's natural structure gently massages and cleans the skin, eliminates oil, draws dirt and excess sebum out of pores, helps the skin looking softer, hydrates and balances p, H without the need to use soap or other cleansing products. Our konjac sponge can be used with only water or together with your favorite cleanser.
Its a vegan and cruelty free sponge handmade with natural, high-quality ingredients that are rich in natural vitamins, minerals and antioxidant that helps to give smoother, clearer, softer and brighter-looking skin. Box Includes Sponge with attached cotton thread loop Suction cup hook Ingredients Konjac Glucomannan Red Clay Color Red Scent Unscented Quality 100% natural and handmade.
Rinse the Red Clay Konjac Sponge in water before each use.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 95.75234
Retrieved Text: Aurelia believes this is the softest, gentlest sponge in the world, absolutely perfect for your little one’s delicate skin.
Their BioOrganic Earth-friendly natural sponge is made from sustainable, biodegradable Konjac root grown on the volcanic hills of Jeju Island, a UNESCO World Heritage Site. Moisture-rich Konjac plant fibres are handmade into precious sponges combined with pure water that has been filtered through volcanic rock.
Use with Little Aurelia’s Sleep Time Top to Toe Wash to create a rich, sulphate-free, cleansing lather.
Before use: Rinse and hydrate the sponge in warm water to soften the Konjac plant fibres.
It will magically transform from solid to soft and bouncy!
After use: Rinse the sponge thoroughly and hang to dry.
It will shrink and harden again which is completely normal; simply repeat the process above to re-hydrate.
Please be careful not to wring it out as this may damage the delicate plant fibres; just squeeze between your flattened hands.
Never leave the sponge in the shower or in a pool of water as it may dissolve.
The sponge is biodegradable so is suitable for composting.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 95.01421
Retrieved Text: Our pH balanced exfoliating sponge gently removes dead skin cells from the outermost layer of the skin to reveal softer and brighter skin.
Description: Our Wonderland Organics Aloe Konjac Sponge is made of 100% konjac fiber; this fiber is extracted from the konjac root and retains its essence and quality. Our pH balanced exfoliating sponge cleanses while gently removing surface debris from the face. This exfoliator works wonderfully on sensitive skin.
Key Ingredient: aloe extract is extremely gentle and has antioxidants that benefits the skin.
Directions: Wash thoroughly with water before using your konjac sponge for the first time. Soak the sponge in warm water for approximately three minutes to ensure softness. The sponge can be used as is, or with a small amount of cleanser. Gently massage in circular motions to cleanse the skin, and rise off with water. Pat your face with a warm towel, and moisturize. After use, hang the konjac sponge in a cool and ventilated place to dry.
I love how this sponge makes my face look and feel. It leave my skin with a healthy glow.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 93.44629
Retrieved Text: stone crusher spare parts manufacturers, stone crusher parts. get business details of crusher spare parts,crusher parts, crusher spares, suppliers, dealers, distributors and manufacturers in ahmedabad, gujarat, india.
Marble – Wikipedia. Marble is a metamorphic rock composed of recrystallized carbonate minerals, most commonly calcite or dolomite. Marble may be foliated.
Introducing the original Konjac Lydia Sponge, a natural deep cleansing facial sponge made out of vegetable fibers of the Konjac root plant. Our unique Konjac sponges are infused with different mineral additives to help remove bleakheads, dirt, oil, dead cells and rinse them away, giving your skin a fresh clean radiant glow.
This file originated in Lowe’s remarkable British steam locomotive builders (since withdrawn from Norfolk’s dismal book collection) and its supplement, but has been augmented by reference to other studies, including some not cited by Lowe.
Pottery – Western pottery: In the early 1960s, excavations at a Neolithic settlement at C̦atalhüyük, on the Anatolian Plateau of Turkey, revealed a variety of crude, soft earthenware estimated to be approximately 9,000 years old.
Mining – Placer mining: Placers are unconsolidated deposits of detrital material containing valuable minerals. The natural processes by which they form range from chemical weathering to stream, marine, and wind action.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 93.37042
Retrieved Text: Hey Big Cleanser: Should You Add a Konjac Sponge to Your Cleansing Routine?
2014 was definitely the year that niche Asian beauty products made the global crossover. From exotic serums to all-in-one face masks and ten-step layering routines, everyone was trying Far Eastern techniques. One item that certainly made waves in the skincare sphere was the konjac sponge.
Made from the root of the konjac plant, these comically floppy sponges help to dislodge makeup, dirt and debris from your your pores giving a more effective clean. The soft fibres absorb more water than a regular sponge making it softer than a loofah, but it has a finer texture than a washcloth, so it’s gentle enough to use on the most sensitive of skin. The net-like structure massages the skin and gently exfoliates, whilst stimulating micro-circulation and encouraging cell turnover. Suddenly your damp washcloth looks slightly sadder eh?
The bouncy texture means that it makes a richer lather using a smaller amount of cleanser than you would use with just your fingers or a washcloth, making it an economical choice if you like to spend a bit more on your face wash. There are different colours, enriched with a variety of ingredients to address particular skin issues, meaning you can choose to use them even without an additional gel cleanser. The white, natural sponge is suitable for all skin types whereas the black is enriched with charcoal for blemish-prone skin. The red is enhanced with French Red Clay which is said to have anti-ageing properties and helps brighten dull complexions.
As

########
Rank: 19
Score: 93.14106
Retrieved Text: Give your skin some love with our cute heart shaped KUU Konjac pink heart sponge, with added Pink French clay.
One of our brand new sponges you’re sure to love, give as a beautiful gift, or just for yourself! In our new Eco packaging the sponge will look as good as it feels on the skin.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 93.05066
Retrieved Text: Bamboo, good for your face, and for the tiki bar where you got shitfaced.
Konjac Sponge (pronounced kon - yak), is made of the konjac root, a vegetable native to Asia. The sponges made exclusively of natural vegetable fibre and bamboo charcoal, making it biodegradable.
The unique structure of fibers gently cleanses and exfoliates, leaving skin feeling fresh, smooth, radiant and soft. The activated charcoal absorbs excess oil and detoxes pores.
Ideal for oily and blemished skin.
Bamboo Charcoal: This sponge contains activated carbon and various minerals that help draw out impurities and excess oil. Reduces the appearance of large pores.
Full list of Ingredients : Amorphophallus Konjac Root, Bamboo Activated Charcoal.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 92.90055
Retrieved Text: how dry mill konjac root - amjstationery.in. how to show dabal dis grending machine - … how to show dabal dis grending machine. ... centrifugal machine for galvanizing process Grinding . how to dry mill konjac root Posts Related to centrifugal machine ... SERVICE ONLINE LIVE CHAT. 20 Dec.
how to dry mill konjac root - Grinding Mill China how to dry mill konjac root, The MTW series milling machine is ideal machine for grinding barite, limestone, mica, talcum, quartz, calcite, granite, .
how to dry mill konjac root idepacking. ... More Details. milling machines for konjact adarshshipping.co. low price flour mill plant. konjac flour types of flour mill 2016 commercial cassava flour mill milling machine flour mill plant for sale 10 ton per day flour mill .
how dry mill konjac root - tisshoo. Dry the Konjac root and mill or mash the small pieces into The MTW series milling machine is ideal machine for konjac grinding machine . More. How are Konjac . Get Price And Support Online; Gold Mill Flow Sheet - cdsspgc >> Milling Machines For Konjact .
Glucomannan comes from the konjac plant (Amorphophallus konjac), specifically the plant's root. The plant is native to warm, subtropical to tropical eastern Asia, from Japan and China south to Indonesia. The edible part of the konjac plant is the root or corm, from which glucomannan powder is derived.
Glucomannan is a soluble, bulk-forming fiber derived from konjac root (Amorphophallus konjac). Clinical studies have demonstrated that glucomannan can provide temporary relief of constipation and may help to maintain serum lipid

########
Rank: 22
Score: 92.74056
Retrieved Text: Treat your skin with the My Konjac Sponge's 6-Wave PureBody. The second that you use the sponge for the first time your skin will know that something very special has happened.
My Konjac Sponge is an all natural sponge made exclusively with the pure vegetable fiber taken from the root of konjac plant.
This sponge is ideal for any type of skin, even the most sensitive.
Its softness and excellent water retention enable the sponge to generate more lather with less soap, and the 6-wave shape makes it easy to grip. Rejuvenate your skin today with the My Konjac Sponge!
Sponge will shrink when it's completely dry. This is perfectly normal. Rinse and allow sponge to fully absorb water to reuse the sponge.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 92.65119
Retrieved Text: … or maybe it is. When I got contacted by Maggie from not.a.sponge* to try some of their sponges, I was hesitant. With the array of beauty tools I already have and am using, could this be my next big thing? Well, they got me at natural, pure and Konjac. Yeah, I’m a softy.
Konjac is a plant that has health giving properties and filled with loads of vitamins and minerals. It’s actually been used by the Japanese for over 1500 years for that reason! not.a.sponge* sponges are made out of 100% Konjac fibre, handcrafted all the way in South Korea. They have different types of sponges for different skin concerns – also including a body range. I’ve tried their In The Raw (face) and Volcanic Power Puff (body) and so far, so good.
When dried up, the sponges feel a bit rough and initially I was afraid it’d be very harsh on my skin, but it proved me all wrong. All you need is a bit of (warm) water to wet the sponge and rinse it till it becomes a big soggy. Massage in circular motions on the skin, slowly but thoroughly. Doing so it’ll stimulate blood flow and can dub as gentle exfoliation. As the sponge is so soft, it’s very easy to reach those parts of the skin that need extra care (sides of the nose, upper lip, chin, jawline). I would describe the feeling and texture of the sponge with a very gentle muslin cloth. But then with beautifying properties in it.
I use In

########
Rank: 24
Score: 92.29062
Retrieved Text: The Konjac Natural Fibre 6 Wave Body Sponge. Ideal for all the family, our 100% Pure Konjac 6 Wave Sponge sheds dead skin cells to gently exfoliate the body and give an all over cleanse.
Regular use can help reduce blemishes, ingrown hairs and keep skin smooth and helps to reduce Eczema. Ergonomically designed with 6 waves, our 100% Pure Konjac Bath Sponge is approximately 13.5 cm wide, perfect for use in the shower or bath. ‘Just add water’ for ‘Natures Secret to Healthy Skin’.
KUU Konjac BLACK Sponge - for Dry, Acne prone and Problematic Skin.
KUU Konjac PINK Clay Heart Sponge - for Tired, Devitalised or Sun Exposed Skin Types.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 90.67192
Retrieved Text: Gently cleanse, exfoliate and brighten your complexion with this eco-friendly Konjac Sponge.
Gently cleanse, exfoliate and brighten your complexion with this eco-friendly Konjac Sponge. This all-in-one biodegradable sponge is made from the naturally-occurring Konjac root, which is rich in vitamins, minerals and other micronutrients. Use daily to help visibly smooth away rough, dry texture and uneven tone, leaving you with silky soft skin that has a brilliantly balanced appearance.
Use twice daily, fully rinsing the Konjac sponge under cool water before beginning. Use alone or apply a preferred, non abrasive cleanser to the sponge, gently massaging over your face and neck until makeup, dirt and excess oil are removed. Rinse thoroughly after use, squeeze and hang dry by the attached string. Replace every 2-3 months.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 90.23196
Retrieved Text: credit assures cooperation and keep the motto in our minds: customers first. for Konjac Sponge Canada , konjac sponge canada , Konjac Sponge , We sincerely welcome pals to negotiate enterprise and start cooperation. We hope to join hands with pals in different industries to produce a outstanding foreseeable future.
"To be a result of ours specialty and service consciousness, our company has won a superb reputation between customers all around the environment for Konjac Sponge Canada , konjac sponge canada , Konjac Sponge , We'll supply much better items with diversified designs and specialist services. We sincerely welcome friends from over the world to visit our company and cooperate with us on the basis of long-term and mutual benefits.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 89.66946
Retrieved Text: My family and I made a huge move a few months ago. We moved out of state (the first time in 9 years) and starting over in a new school district.
Are you looking for a natural beauty product to cleanse your skin with? Have you tried the konjac sponge?
After reading about the product, I quickly accepted. I received samples of konjac sponges to review in exchange for my honest opinion.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 88.54289
Retrieved Text: Our business promises all users of the first-class items and the most satisfying post-sale company. We warmly welcome our regular and new prospects to join us for Konjac Sponge Charcoal , konjac sponge charcoal , Konjac Sponge , We've been sincerely seeking ahead to cooperate with shoppers everywhere in the earth. We consider we are able to satisfy along with you. We also warmly welcome buyers to visit our manufacturing facility and purchase our products.
"We believe that long expression partnership is actually a result of top quality, worth added services, prosperous experience and personal contact for Konjac Sponge Charcoal , konjac sponge charcoal , Konjac Sponge , We supply professional service prompt reply timely delivery excellent quality and best price to our customers. Satisfaction and good credit to every customer is our priority. We focus on every detail of order processing for customers till they have received safe and sound solutions with good logistics service and economical cost. Depending on this our products and solutions are sold very well in the countries in Africa the Mid-East and Southeast Asia.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 88.47397
Retrieved Text: Konjac has been used for centuries in Japan as a nutritional food source and in recent times, has become popular in beauty treatments. Our Japanese Konjac sponge gently exfoliates and effectively cleans the skin without irritation.
The sponge is infused with activated sustainable bamboo charcoal. Activated charcoal is widely recognised for its superb antibacterial and anti-fungal properties, and its ability to absorb toxins and excess oils. This makes the Konjac sponge ideal for keeping acne-prone skin at bay.
The Japanese Konjac sponge is initially hard when dry and puffs up to become silky soft when soaked in water. It can be used with or without your cleanser. Lather up the sponge with your perfect partner Synergie Ultracleanse for added benefits.

================



======= Instance Index 5685 =========
Input Text: If a description of a situation begins like this: [header] How to grill mahi mahi [title] Purchase mahi mahi steaks or fillets from your local grocery store or seafood market. [substeps] When selecting your mahi mahi, look for steaks or fillets that do not have separation in the layers of meat, dull coloring or a fishy smell. These characteristics could indicate that the fish is not fresh.... Then how
does it continue? 

Ending 1: Check to see if the food has any discoloration around the edges of the meat. Be aware that there is no need to purchase a mahi mahi from a seafood store, butcher or kiosk.

Ending 2: Check the tenderness of the meat, the moisture or feces. Also note whether the meat is mushy or stiff.

Ending 3: [title] Prepare your besan ahead of time. [step] Make sure that you prepare fresh besan that is large and tender.

Ending 4: [title] Apply cooking oil or spray to your grill prior to grilling mahi mahi to prevent it from sticking. [title] Heat your grill to medium high or high.

Target Text: Ending 4

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 111.64515
Retrieved Text: "It's all about BBQ Mahi Mahi!"
Are you going to be grilling Mahi Mahi at your next barbecue? Feel free to try out these tips to get great BBQ Mahi Mahi every time!!
The Mahi Mahi is a ray-finned fish normally found in tropical and sub-tropical waters worldwide.
Although also known as 'dolphin-fish' it has no relations to the dolphin or other mammal species.
Mahi-Mahi is grilled just like most types of fish. It is a delicious, low-fat and high protein meal. Making it ideal to cook on the barbecue.
Great...let's get our fish ready for the grill!!
• Mahi-Mahi can be grilled as whole fish or cut into fillets.
• Rinse the fish under a cold tap and pat dry with a paper towel.
• Season the fish with fresh spices such as thyme, rosemary and oregano.
• Drizzle a small amount of olive oil or salad dressing to give the fish a layer of protection.
• Use aluminum foil grilling the whole fish, this will keep it from burning and drying out. After seasoning place in a piece of foil big enough to enclose it.
• When preparing Mahi Mahi fillets or steaks you may grill them straight on the grill without any foil.
• Just make sure the pieces are well coated with olive oil to prevent them from drying out.
Perfect...your fish is ready! Let's get it on the grill!
• Pre-heat grill to a medium heat.
• Place fish wrapped in foil onto the grill. Grill for approximately 10 - 12 minutes.
• Close the lid to create an oven effect and even heat circulation. The meat

########
Rank: 1
Score: 104.96633
Retrieved Text: Honey Lime Mahi Mahi is a quick, gluten-free dinner you can grill in under 10 minutes.
Lay the thawed Mahi Mahi fillets onto a lined baking sheet.
Combine the chili powder, salt, pepper, and cardamom – mix to combine.
Generously coat both sides of the Mahi Mahi fillets with the spice rub mixture.
In a small bowl, combine the liquid aminos, raw honey, lime juice, and red pepper flakes – whisk to combine.
Preheat the grill over medium heat. Add the Mahi Mahi fillets and cook for four minutes on one side, then flip and cook for another four minutes.
When the Mahi Mahi fillets are nearing done – brush the glaze onto each fillet with a basting brush.
Once the fillets flake nicely and reach an internal temperature of 137 degrees F. – remove from oven and place onto a clean baking sheet.
Serve with your favorite vegetable side, or over a bed of rice. Add additional glaze if desired.
If your Mahi Mahi fillets have skin on them, remove before cooking. Some frozen fillets will come with skin on one side.
Be sure to fully thaw your Mahi Mahi before cooking.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 101.34147
Retrieved Text: ElementAssociates has compensated me for this article, but all opinions are my own.
One of my favorite fish is Mahi Mahi also known as dorado or lampuka. This fish is white, great for grilling and flaky. Those picky eaters that do not like fish will love this grilled Mahi Mahi dinner, because the flavor is mild and combines perfect with most any condiment including sweet and savory options and of course my latino flavors. Today I am sharing with you my grilled Mahi Mahi dinner recipe with yellow rice that is a perfect dish for sharing with friends and family during the big soccer games. Let’s cook!
Preparatiopn time: 30 minutes for preparing the meal, 12 hours for thawing frozen fish inside the fridge, which is the safest way to defrost a fish and keep it at proper temperature to avoid bacteria generation. Other option is to thaw fish under cold water. For this Grilled Mahi Mahi dinner recipe you will need a grilling skillet, a mixing bowl, a small soup pot and a rice pot. This recipe serves 4 guests and the approximate cost per person is $7.00 dollars depending on the ingredients cost at your local supermarket. The night before you plan to cook this recipe thaw the Mahi Mahi frozen fillets inside the fridge following the instructions on the package. When buying frozen seafood or fish the FDA recommends to avoid buying packages that have been opened or crushed, those above the frost line, and verify signs of frost or ice crystals that may have

########
Rank: 3
Score: 98.89031
Retrieved Text: Our unique balsamic fish rub blend will bring the flavor of Balsamic Vinegar to your favorite seafood dishes. Add to sauces or just rub directly on fish and seafood. That balsamic flavor will be a hit with you and your guests! This balsamic seasoning is great on salmon, swordfish, mahi-mahi, halibut, shrimp, snapper, fillets, steaks and vegetables. Our balsamic fish rub is also delicious on homemade French fries. Give it a try!
Ingredients: Balsamic Vinegar Powder (Gluten Free Maltodextrin, Balsamic Vinegar [Contain Sulfites], Food Starch Modified [Corn], Natural Flavor, Molasses and Caramel Color), Spices, Garlic and Salt.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 97.46717
Retrieved Text: Patty's Deli is a gourmet food shop and delicatessan, conveniently located on Main Street in Hillsborough, the main town in Carriacou. We are minutes away from the jetty.
We have an extensive deli counter with pre-cooked meats, salami and cheeses. Our chiller cabinet is full of yoghurts, fresh milk, belgian chocolate, fresh juices and cheese such as goats cheese, fresh mozarella, and our speciality blue cheese.
In our freezer you will find USDA high quality meats such as boneless skinless chicken breast, frenched rack of lamb, leg of lamb, sirloin steak, rib-eye steak, pork tenderloin and pork loin chops. There is also a wide range of fish and seafood such as shrimp, seafood mix, salmon fillets, Mahi-mahi steaks and our home-smoked lobster tails (when in season).
We have excellent selection of international wine and stock grocery products and antipasti from all over the world.
Please come and visit us and be surprised at what you can find on Carriacou.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 96.959946
Retrieved Text: We fish, process and distribute Mahi Mahi. It is available throughout the year, however, as there is a quota set on our catches to ensure sustainability of the species the fish on offer may vary. Availability will also be dependent on weather conditions and the time of the year.
Presentation & Packaging: Products are supplied chilled, frozen or dry salted. Steaks, fillets and portions are vacuum packed. Whole fish are headed and gutted. Delivered in polystyrene box with ice.
Mahi Mahi are fished by long line or drop line. Only large circle hooks are used on our lines to ensure that fish are caught alive and to protect birds and turtles from being caught in them. The setting of the line and hooks is done automatically by machine and the hauling of the line and hooks is done quickly to ensure that birds do not get caught in them.
A fantastic fish recipe, that’s perfect anyday of the week.
Mahi mahi fillets are barbecued in a foil container with butter, garlic, onion, lemon juice, white wine and tomatoes.
"The Mahi Mahi is known for its food quality and averages weights of 7 - 13 kilogrammes"

########
Rank: 6
Score: 96.72068
Retrieved Text: Fish in general, and mahi mahi in particular, don't stand up to overcooking. Grill it quickly and remove it before it starts to fall apart.
Season the mahi mahi fillets with salt and pepper; grill quickly on the barbecue.
peel the potatoes or sweet potatoes and cut into thin julienne strips; fry in hot oil until golden; season with salt.
top with the fried potatoes; stick a basil leaf into the potatoes and serve immediately.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 94.13625
Retrieved Text: Home Health & Nutrition What Types of Fish are Best for Grilling, Baking or Searing?
What Types of Fish are Best for Grilling, Baking or Searing?
When it comes to cooking fish, there are three easy, basic techniques that both beginners and experts swear by—grilling, baking and searing. But what type of fish is best for each cooking technique?
Here at The Healthy Fish, our team searched far and wide for the best cooking techniques for fish and compiled our list of top fish for the grill, oven and stove. It’s hard to find a consensus on which techniques are best suited to which types of fish—a master chef might tell you one thing and your foodie friend may tell you another, while your favorite cookbook contradicts them both. There’s no reason that all three sources can’t be right; cooking is supposed to be fun and it’s important you enjoy the food you make.
Mahi-mahi: A good grilling fish has to have a certain solidness or heft to it—otherwise, there’s a chance it will get too flaky and fall through your barbecue grates. Mahi-mahi is a sweet and mild white fish, a Hawaiian favorite, and it stays firm on the barbecue. Grilling it won’t take long, so be careful not to overcook it. We suggest these amazing mahi-mahi kabobs that’ll make you feel like you’re on a tropical vacation.
Tuna: Tuna is definitely one of the most barbecue-friendly fish because it’s so hearty and meaty. Next time you’re at the seafood counter, grab tuna fillets or steaks and throw them on

########
Rank: 8
Score: 93.03802
Retrieved Text: Mahi-mahi is the Hawaiian, market name for dolphinfish. Not actually in the dolphin family, this fish is lean with off-white meat. It boasts a mild, sweet flavor and is moderately firm. Fisherman find Mahi-mahi in tropical and subtropical waters worldwide.
Available as fresh fillets or frozen, skinless fillets and individually, vacuum packed portions.
Frozen Mahi fillets thaw in the refrigerator or submerge in cold water. Fresh Mahi fillets can be prepared upon arrival. Use Mahi in tacos with lime, or pair it with mango, fresh herbs or soy sauce.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 91.25794
Retrieved Text: A quick easy dinner that is healthy and delicious!
Preheat grill pan to over medium high to high heat. Season mahi mahi fillets with salt and pepper. Combine the lime juice, dark soy, ginger and a little vegetable or canola oil in a shallow dish. Turn the mahi mahi in the citrus soy marinade and let it sit for 10 minutes. Grill on a hot grill pan for 6 minutes per side for a 1-inch fillet or until fish is firm and opaque.
Take 1 spear of asparagus and hold it at each and. Bend the asparagus until it snaps and breaks. Use this spear as your guide on where to trim the ends of your bundle of spears. Using a peeler, make thin long strips of orange zest from both oranges. Cut the ends off the zested oranges and stand them up right on a cutting board. Remove the pith in strips using sharp knife and cutting down from the top of the orange. Discard the pith. When the oranges are both peeled and trimmed, turn them on their sides and slice into ¼-inch rounds, cross sectioning the whole. Set the orange disks aside.
In a skillet with a cover, bring 1-inch water to a boil with the zest of the oranges and grated fresh gingerroot. Allow the orange zest and ginger to simmer for at least 1 minute then add salt and asparagus spears. Simmer the spears 3 to 5 minutes until just tender. Drain the asparagus. Discard the orange zest and ginger. Assemble a few spears

########
Rank: 10
Score: 90.86722
Retrieved Text: Fire your grill and preheat the oven to 200°F.
Trim the mahi-mahi fillets into manageable-size pieces for grilling. Season with the dry rub and drizzle with olive oil. Allow to marinate while the grill is heating.
Wrap the tortillas loosely in foil and warm them in the oven for six to eight minutes. Place the fillets flesh side down on the grill. Sear them for two to three minutes, or until lightly charred. When the flesh-side is golden, turn the fish over and continue to cook through. Place on a platter and allow to rest for a few minutes, then break into pieces.
Place the warmed tortillas on a platter and serve with the mahi, guacamole, tomato salsa, black beans and rice, and remaining ingredients buffet-style in individual bowls and let everyone make their own.
Mix the seasonings together. Store in an airtight container or zipper-lock bag.
Place the avocado flesh into a bowl and mash. Add the lime juice, cilantro, cumin, and salt. Mix well. Serve immediately.
Core and slice off the top and bottom of each tomato. Cut them in half and lightly squeeze out some of the juice. Dice the tomatoes and toss with the other ingredients. Refrigerate until ready to use.
For more recipes, log onto www.charlestonmag.com. On Wednesday, July 19, at 6 p.m. Donald Barickman will be signing copies of Magnolias’ Authentic Southern Cuisine at Whole Foods Market.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 90.444176
Retrieved Text: This easy to make blackened Mahi Mahi is delicious, loaded with health benefits, and impressive enough to serve dinner guests!
This delicious blackened Mahi Mahi has become one of our favorite weeknight meals. My kids absolutely love it, and it makes a great meal when we are all trying to eat a healthier diet (as we are right now).
Mahi Mahi is a mild, flavorful fish with firm texture that typically comes in steaks or filets. It is low in calories, high in protein, and loaded with health benefits.
What is the best Mahi Mahi for blackening?
For convenience, I often use wild caught Kirkland frozen Mahi Mahi filets (from Costco). Each filet is individually wrapped, so I can thaw and cook just what we need at the last minute. The cold water quick thaw (per instructions on package) makes it possible to make this dish start to finish in roughly half an hour. Fresh filets are also good but can only be stored in the fridge for a day or two.
What is the best blackened seasoning for Mahi Mahi?
My favorite blackened seasoning is an easy homemade recipe (below). It makes enough to store in a jar and use as needed for chicken or fish.
One of my store bought faves is The Fresh Market blackened spice rub. It tastes great on chicken and fish and is an easy grab and go seasoning if you don’t want to make your own.
My go-to favorite blackened seasoning for fish and chicken.
Mix all spices together until blended.
Store in a jar or container to use

########
Rank: 12
Score: 90.058266
Retrieved Text: These mahi mahi fish fillets are marinated in southwestern seasonings, making this a great main course and a perfect fish for Mexican-style dishes like fish tacos.
1. Combine all marinade ingredients. Mix well. Place fillets in a large resealable bag of shallow baking dish. Add marinade and turn to coat. Refrigerate for 30 minutes.
2. Preheat grill. Remove fish from marinade and place on hot grill over direct heat for about 3 to 4 minutes per side, or until done. Once cooked, remove from heat and either serve as is or slice and add to tacos.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 89.3386
Retrieved Text: MALDIVES - Operates a fleet of 7 fishing boats in the Maldives, and has the capacity to cater for multiple markets. We export fresh yellowfin tuna both in loins and bullets to over 7 countries worldwide. The company also exports and deals in reef fish, grouper and sea cucumber.
IRAN - We are exporting vannamei shrimp and Asian seabass to the world. We work with several countries and our brand is one of the best in there and we are one of the best exporter in Iran.
SWEDEN - Exporters and Wholesalers of Dried Sea Cucumber, Fish Maw, Stock Fish, Frozen Scallop Meat, Fresh and Frozen Atlantic Salmon (Salmo salar), Atlantic Cod (Gadus morhua), Atlantic Mackerel (Scomber Scombrus), King Crab Legs, Live Red King Crab, Fresh Salmon Fillets, Cod Fillets, Cod Roe, Dry Sea Cucumber, Frozen Salmon Heads, Salmon Bellies, Salmon Backbones.
SWEDEN - We specialise in fresh, frozen and live seafood as well as w/r, g/g, loins, steak, saku, fish fillets from Sweden. Some species of seafood we supply include but not limited to king crab, spiny lobsters, Atlantic salmon, Greenland halibut, mullet, black tiger shrimp, octopus, mud crab, snow crab, Atlantic trout, Atlantic herring, capelin fish, Alaska pollock, mackerel, cod, tuna, pollock, snapper, oilfish, swordfish, fish maw, squid, skate, crab legs, saithe, fillets, vannamei shrimps, hake, haddock, clams, scallop meat, eel, tilapia, catfish, scad, flounder, pomfret, pangasius, cuttlefish, mahi mahi, parrotfish, escolar, marlin, wahoo, mussels, canned sardine, canned tuna, canned bonito, croaker, Atlantic herring, anglerfish, Dungeness crab, plaice, grouper, dry sea cucumber, barracouta, sole, oysters, abalone, scampi,

########
Rank: 14
Score: 88.69754
Retrieved Text: I like to eat fish or seafood at least once a week. We usually eat salmon or tilapia, but I really like mahi mahi too. And this glaze makes it so good. It’s different from our usual lemon and herb marinades for fish, so it adds some nice variation to our seafood meals.
Fish doesn’t take very long to thaw or cook, so I like to keep frozen fish in my freezer for a quick and healthy meal. Add quinoa or rice as a side along with a vegetable or salad and it’s as easy as macaroni and cheese. Well, almost as easy…and much tastier.
In a shallow dish, combine the honey, soy sauce, balsamic vinegar, ginger, garlic, and olive oil.
Place the fillets in the dish.
Cover and let marinate in the fridge for 20 minutes.
Take the fillets out of the dish and place in skillet, reserve the marinade.
Fry fish for 4-6 minutes on each side.
Love your work Katie. Wow! Stunning images and your ideas are simple yet unique and exotic! Question, have you tried this mahi mahi recipe of ginger and honey with salmon?
I haven’t tried it with salmon, but I think it would be good. If you try it, let me know how you like it!
Not sure about pouring reserved marinade over cooked fish… heating marinade in sauté skillet first will decrease risk of cross contamination.
What is the longest you can let these marinate for? Thanks!
The longer, the better. Also what was left out was that the marinade (after the fist is cooked and removed) should be

########
Rank: 15
Score: 88.618515
Retrieved Text: When living in Bermuda seafood reigns supreme. These ocean delights can be found in all restaurants on the island as well as on the dinner table in local homes.
When the first settlers shipwrecked on these islands they had no problems finding food as fish was in such an abundance that if they stood in the water fish would swarm their legs! It was said that in only a half hour they would have caught enough fish to feed the settlers for an entire day!
The local fish are fat, sweet, big and in abundance. Rockfish (Grouper) as shown below, is the most popular fish to be consumed by locals. However there are many other favorites which include snappers, hogfish, sharks, bonitos, coney, barber, hinds, grouper, turbots, bream, chub, yellow fin and black fin tuna, mackerel, eel, lion fish, mahi-mahi, barracuda, and wahoo.
Other delights from Bermuda waters include mussels, scallops, spiny lobsters as shown below, and octopus (scuttle).
How do you catch fish in Bermuda?
Fishermen used to catch fish by using fish pots and spare guns however these methods have been made illegal. Today fishing methods used by fishermen include trawling, and bottom fishing. Fishing Charters are readily available on the island for those who wish to experience deep sea fishing.
Recently the Bermuda government have been looking into the advantages of long line fishing. Fish nets can be used but this method is less popular as you are only allowed to use them in enclosed bays.
Where can you purchase fresh caught fish?
Historically fishermen used to alert potential customers by

########
Rank: 16
Score: 88.28404
Retrieved Text: I love me some good mahi mahi.
And here's a fun fact about mahi: my husband actually caught a mahi back in May! We were on a sailing trip down in The Bahamas with some of our friends, and Evan caught my favorite fish. I mean, life is just great.
So now whenever we enjoy the gloriousness that is mahi mahi, I always think back on our sailing trip. Don't you just love how food can do that?
Here's a super easy way to cook mahi - just lemon, thyme and olive oil. Enjoy!
Place the slices from one lemon in a baking dish, covering the bottom. Season fillets with salt and pepper, then place on top of sliced lemons.
Drizzle with the juice of one lemon, zest and olive oil. Sprinkle with thyme. Cover with lid or foil and bake for 16-20 minutes - until fish flakes easily with a fork.
WOW, now that is one HUGE fish! Good for him! We love Mahi too and yours looks beautiful! A nice light recipe with a veggie! BEAUTIFUL!

########
Rank: 17
Score: 87.779236
Retrieved Text: The Mahi Mahi is a very tasty fish that is generally used to make boneless Fish Fillets. Mahi looks very flat and almost unlike a regular fish, but the taste is just OMG out of the world. Mahi also has a very neutral non-fish like smell and very less bones, so is generally a fish of choice for most five star restaurants in their continental or chinese cuisines.
A popular marine fish in the international market with excellent palatable qualities. Mahi-Mahi fillets are to die for in terms of taste!
Note: Mahi mahi fish may have small and soft thorns inside flesh.
Please note that unlike the fish market where the cutting happens on the whole fish that you take (and thus appears free), we actually charge you only for the final weight post cutting, so a fish that is cut will be much larger in final eatable weight than a whole fish. Here are the general kinds of cuts available .

########
Rank: 18
Score: 87.575806
Retrieved Text: It’s snowing again so that means “no grilling” outside. We love fish on the grill but when forced inside due to weather (and it’s too darn cold) baking fish is our go-to method for tender, flaky, moist and delicious fish that’s good for you too! For this recipe we used wild-caught mahi mahi but you can use any firm-fleshed fish such as grouper, striped bass, or red snapper. Just be sure to adjust cooking times depending on the thickness of your fillets. Baked Fish & Vegetables is a simple one-pan meal that can be ready to put on the table in about an hour.
We used quartered red potatoes, carrots and onions and baked the fish on slices of fresh lemon. Rosemary and garlic rounded out the flavors of the roasted potatoes and we used a blackened seasoning for the fish. You can use whatever seasoning you like on the fish, but since mahi mahi is very mild, we always like to go bold.
Six to eight ounces of fish per person seems to be about right, with a couple of carrots and one potato, quartered. If you’re planning for a group or large family be sure to use a large sheet pan so each of the vegetables can roast to crispy perfection!
If you haven’t tried mahi mahi I highly recommend you give it a chance. It has a marvelous texture, mild flavor and it holds together well when grilled or baked. It’s relatively inexpensive when compared to other wild-caught varieties.
When you dig your grill out of the

########
Rank: 19
Score: 87.325066
Retrieved Text: What to do with a package of fresh-frozen white meat fish? How about a steaming hot chowder? Here’s an idea for a simple chowder that fits the bill perfectly, just in time for the holidays.
Shrimp, corn on the cob, sausage, and new potatoes make up the Coastal South original, but clams, prawn and crayfish can give yours a regional twist.
Celebrate The Grady Life by making some cookies! Use an oval and decorate it with the Grady-White logo, or find cookie cutters in nautical shapes! Here’s a great recipe to get started.
Nut crusted mahi mahi is hard to beat! Thanks to The Big Game Journal for this especially wonderful recipe for mahi with pistachios and a cherry reduction. Try this!
Prep your fish steaks about 1" thick, and lightly marinade. Refrigerate before grilling. Preheat grill to minimize sticking. Turn once or twice only. Result? Perfect!
A delicious and time-honored classic around Maryland and the Chesapeake Bay, these cakes use lump crabmeat and can be broiled or fried.
Whether you’re in New England, Florida, the Bahamas or your home waters, succulent lobster (or shrimp) salad is a hard-to-beat treat!
Yum! Just in time for the holidays...a rich and cheesy crab and oyster dip with an optional zip of just a very little spicy heat.
Our New England Grady-White owners call it “Clem Chowda,” but however you pronounce it, it’s delicious!
Here's a checklist for great family days on the Grady.
Try this great recipe featuring parsley, chives, dill and more.
Dress up your mahi-mahi with a sweet mango salsa for a healthy and palate-pleasing summer dish.
Here's

########
Rank: 20
Score: 85.70354
Retrieved Text: Ruben’s has short ribs, rib eyes, full skirt steaks, New York strips, filet mignons and T-bones on its menu.
In addition to salmon, the options for seafood lovers are lobster ravioli, pasta with shrimp and squid, mahi-mahi and the grilled squid appetizer.
Also available at Ruben’s are Argentinian sausage, a savory sauce known as chimichurri and empanadas, which are turnover-style pastries filled with ingredients such as ham, spinach, chicken and cheese.
The grilled specialties and pastas range in price from $12.49 to $25.99. Pastas, seafood and other main courses are $9.99 to $16.99.
Sandwiches and burgers are $8.99 or $9.99.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 85.17227
Retrieved Text: Home of the $10 Mahi Mahi Sandwich, available daily!
Friday: $10 Seafood Combo Basket!!! Fried, grilled, or blackened Shrimp, Mahi Mahi, Handcut Fries & Hushpuppies!!
Saturday: $6 Cuban Sandwiches every Saturday!!

########
Rank: 22
Score: 84.73974
Retrieved Text: SENEGAL - Seafood Processors, Exporters, Importers. Fresh and Frozen Groupers, Pink Seabream, Tuna, Sole fish, barracuda, john dory, cuttlefish, jumbo shrimp, octopus and more.
TUNISIA - Processor, exporter and importer of seafood. Fresh and frozen Mediterranean Shrimps, octopus, Dorade, Dentax, Grouper, sparus auratus.
BRAZIL - We're a Brazilian importer company that is looking for good suppliers for sea foods to Brasil. Products we would like to import are Grouper fillet/whole/steak, Octopus whole, Cod fish fillet, Sea bass (Dicentrarchus labrax) Fillet.
OMAN - We can export a good condition of fish in a nice quality and fish like: Yellow fin tuna, Red seabream, Red grouper, Grouper, Emperor, Amber jack, others.
AUSTRALIA - Importers and exporters of Shrimp: Freshwater, Black Tiger, Vannamei, Pink and White shrimps. These are processed as Raw Peeled Deveined Tail-On / Tail-Off, Peeled Undeveined (PUD), HOSO Raw or Cooked both in IQF, Block Frozen & Semi-IQF form, Crimson Snapper, Red Snapper, Grouper, White & Cream Basa, Barramundi, Spanish Mackeral, King Snapper, Sweetlips, Mahi Mahi, Tilapia, Rohu.
UNITED KINGDOM - We are importers of a wide variety of frozen exotic fish and cephalopods. Our range includes whole fish, fish fillets and portions and we supply wholesalers, retailers and inland markets.
KENYA - We are Processors & Exporters of Marine Fish & Nile Perch, Octopus, Penaeus Indicus prawns, smoked tuna, smoked sailfish.
BELGIUM - We are importers [traders] of seafood in Belgium. We specialize in trading frozen Cuttlefish, Squid, Octopus, Prawns/Shrimps, Grouper, Snapper, Emperor, etc..
FRANCE - We import, trade and export of frozen seafood products and the production of frozen seafood products, and

########
Rank: 23
Score: 84.458725
Retrieved Text: Each McCormick & Schmick's Seafood Restaurant�s menu is printed twice daily, featuring the signature �Fresh List� highlighting an impressive number of fresh seafood varieties, in addition to aged steaks, poultry, entr�e salads and pasta.
The extensive menu changes everyday, based on the freshest, highest quality seafood available. Our chefs work with reputable seafood purveyors to obtain only the freshest seafood from local waters and beyond. We offer guests dozens of seafood varieties at the peak of their seasons, including Alaska Halibut, Northwest Salmon, Hawaiian Mahi Mahi, Oregon Petrale Sole and a large selection of oysters from the U.S. and Canada, just to name a few.
Every McCormick & Schmick�s has an Executive Chef, who contributes to their menu�s unique and imaginative appeal by creating dishes tailored to regional tastes and their own talents. Each executive chef strives to reflect McCormick & Schmick�s commitment to culinary excellence by showcasing a vast selection of only the freshest quality seafood. McCormick & Schmick's commitment to local freshness is apparent in the seasonally inspired dishes and regionally inspired preparations offered.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 84.24426
Retrieved Text: SAN FRANCISCO, U.S. — Silicon Valley startup Pooki’s Mahi announced today it relaunches decaffeinated 100% Kona coffee in recyclable pods compatible with 1.0 and 2.0 single serve coffee makers from sustainable mesh capsules delivering non-caffeinated Kona coffee to existing customers.
Pooki’s Mahi Founder/CEO Leslie Magsalay-Zeller explains, “Pooki’s Mahi decaffeinated Kona coffee in 100% recyclable pods launched mid-2014. I transitioned Kona coffee pods product line into individually wrapped sustainable mesh pods per customers’ feedback. Pooki’s Mahi passes price increases for shipping, raw materials, and processing fees to customers.
Pooki’s Mahi supply chain headquarters is in California. The Silicon Valley firm kicked off the MeowHattan Project to overhaul operations to support global growth. Pooki’s Mahi consolidated operations and supply chain to the West Coast. Pooki’s Mahi terminated firms used in 2018 engaged in cyber-criminal activities, and egregious business conduct resulting in irreparable harm.
Pooki’s Mahi selected new manufacturing facilities after a very lengthy review since 2012. The state of the art facilities passed Pooki’s Mahi Founder/CEO prolonged supply chain capability due diligence. Pod manufacturing facilities are registered, approved, and FDA certified.
The cost to produce sustainable 100% Kona coffee pods for Pooki’s Mahi significantly increased. Firms used to create raw materials and manufacture individually wrapped mesh pods failed to meet Pooki’s Mahi stringent supply chain metrics, lost inventory, and business operations ceased to exist. Pooki’s Mahi FDA certified manufacturing facilities would pass savings to manufacture recyclable pods to existing customers. Pooki’s Mahi manufacturing facilities use licensed Q-Graders and a sensory panel to finalize quality of each capsule, Kona coffee roast profile and

########
Rank: 25
Score: 84.22464
Retrieved Text: Naturally Gifted: What makes surfboards on the Outer Banks so good?
What do you cook when you have no fewer than a dozen people in your beach house and everyone has different tastes and different levels of weariness from swimming, sunbathing and sightseeing all day? Whatever it is, it had better be quick, and easy. One of our favorite "fast foods" is fish tacos. Finicky eaters can assemble a satisfying meal of select ingredients, while food daredevils can pile on all that they can hold.
The recipe for fish tacos is obscenely simple; following are basic ingredients, along with some alternate suggestions.
Buy the freshest fish available that's good for grilling: tuna, swordfish, grouper, wahoo, drum, amberjack, salmon, mahi-mahi (dolphin) or cobia (lemonfish) are all excellent choices. For our fish taco meal, we bought thick slabs of fresh wahoo, cobia and mahi-mahi at Daniels BigEye Seafood in Kill Devil Hills. Brush on a little olive oil, season with salt and pepper, and grill away. If you grill the fish skin-side down first, it's easy to pull the skin off with a fork or tongs after flipping it. Whatever you do, don't overcook your fish – it should be moist and flaky, not dried out and rubbery. If you want to venture further into seafood, try some grilled shrimp or scallops.
While you're grilling fish, wrap up some soft corn tortillas (we like the little ones) in aluminum foil and heat in a 250-degree oven.
The list of taco-fixings is nearly endless. Put everyone to work slicing, dicing, or just pouring store-bought

########
Rank: 26
Score: 84.052635
Retrieved Text: There’s no way around it. If you want to eat a low-calorie diet, fish is the way to go. It’s low in calories, high in protein, and relatively easy to cook. So how can you eat fish regularly without getting bored by the same old lemon pepper fillet every night?
Try these low calorie fish recipes! There are dishes here you can serve for lunch, dinner, and even snacks. Plus, there are some recipes here for the kids, some for your guests, and some that are fancy enough to serve for a special dinner at home!
If you want to cook even more delicious seafood, don’t miss this list of yummy Red Lobster copycats you can make at home!
1. Whip up this Clean Eating Tilapia in just a few minutes!
2. Serve these Crispy Fish Fingers as a kid-friendly snack! And don’t forget the tartar sauce!
3. Add some crunch to your lunch with this Tortilla Crusted Tilapia!
4. Turn Taco Tuesday into a healthier affair with this recipe for Pico de Gallo Salmon!
5. Bring a taste of India into your kitchen with this Pan-Seared Curried Cod!
6. This rich (but healthy!) Salmon Marsala looks gorgeous on the dinner table!
7. Pair this Slow-Roasted Salmon and Fennel with a green salad for a healthy, low-calorie meal!
8. Don’t skimp on taste when you eat light! Try this Spicy Blackened Bass!
9. Looking for another healthy taco dish? How about these Mahi-Mahi Tacos with Corn & Tomato Salsa!
10. Cook your main and side dishes at once with this recipe for Fish and Vegetables in Parchment Paper!
11.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 83.572945
Retrieved Text: My husband absolutely loves seafood. So much, in fact, that whenever we eat out, he orders some sort of fish dish. (I would say this is true 8 out of every 10 times we dine out.) Some of his favorite dishes include a nice, hearty Louisiana Gumbo, any variety of white fish in a lemony sauce, and of course crab legs. These are the things he orders, without fail, time and time again.
Now it seems that finding a good seafood meal can be hit or miss. Sometimes the food is amazing, and sometimes... well....Not so much. There have been many times we've been to a restaurant and the seafood ended up severely overcooked and/or improperly seasoned. Or, in the worst cases, the quality of the seafood being served leaves a lot to be desired. Seafood is something you want to be as fresh as humanly possible. When it's not at the height of freshness, you can definitely tell.
Luckily, we don't have to rely on restaurants alone for some truly amazing seafood. I can create out very own restaurant quality seafood meals thanks to the folks at Anderson Seafoods. Anderson Seafoods has been in the business of providing top quality seafoods to consumers longer than I have been alive! Since 1979, this California based, family owned company has been a leader in their field by providing premium seafood products and superior service to their valued customers in the most sustainable and innovative ways.
Yes, I said sustainable! All seafood companies are not created equal. Anderson Seafoods is a

########
Rank: 28
Score: 83.124084
Retrieved Text: Seafood is great. I’ll take nearly any kind of seafood in a variety of formats. I enjoy it all. Give it to me and chances are, I will eat it. I enjoy going out to eat seafood however it is something that we do not do as frequently as you would perhaps think. A few weeks ago, we were in the mood and decided to go by Steamers Seafood in Naples. It had been nearly 2 years since my last visit but, the Here Fishy Fishy call, still works.
After browsing the menu, and the typically high seafood prices, I opted on the Grilled Mahi Mahi sandwich with a mix of fries and onion rings. As I have already reviewed those, we will focus this on just the sandwich. Now I must say, most buns from restaurants are simply huge. And I’m talking huge. Gigantic buns that simply over power the main subject of the meal. So was the case on this Steamers sandwich. Luckily, it wasn’t as noticeable as the sandwich was presented with the bun open.
The first thing I did, was not eat most of the bun. I focused my meal on the mahi mahi, lettuce and tomato. I found this piece of mahi mahi to be great. It was lightly grilled which provided a slight chargrill to the exterior of the fish. The piece was somewhat thin however, it was perfectly cooked throughout. Every bite provided my taste buds with tons of good, fresh flavor. I found the fish to taste very mild and

########
Rank: 29
Score: 82.6762
Retrieved Text: red cabbage – Damn, I Can Make That!
Fish tacos are one of my absolute favorite summer meals (with a margarita, of course). I mean, you can’t go wrong with burgers and hot dogs, but fish tacos are the real treat. I first had them at a seafood restaurant in East Hampton with our friend Tara. At the time, I only ate salmon and these were made with Mahi Mahi. I was skeptical. But once I took my first bite it was heaven!
Just like our crabby cakes, I always thought fish tacos would be too daunting to make – would I overcook the fish?! Would the sauce come out just right?! Well it turns out they were much easier to make than I thought. We’ve been doing a lot of grilling this summer and we started running out of new options so I figured, “what the hell?”.
Season the Mahi Mahi with the chili pepper, cayenne and salt, and grill for 15 minutes – approximately 7-8 minutes on each side. While the fish is grilling, in a small bowl mix together the cilantro, onion, tomato and lime juice. In a separate bowl, mix together the yogurt, mayo, cabbage and lime juice. When the fish is just about done, warm the tortillas on the grill. Layer the fish, sauce and salsa in the tortilla and enjoy!

================



======= Instance Index 8836 =========
Input Text: If a description of a situation begins like this: [header] How to use sambal oelek [title] Use it wherever you'd use hot sauce. [step] Sambal oelek goes wherever hot sauce goes. Try using it to dip fries, as a topping for cooked meat, or to spice up your tomato sauce.... Then how
does it continue? 

Ending 1: If you like to use hot sauce when you, try whisking in some sambal oelek instead. [substeps] A little goes a long way, so even a half teaspoon or so will add lots of heat to your meal.

Ending 2: [title] Use sambal oelek to stir fry vegetables. [step] Mix up foods like cauliflower or cranberry with sambal oelek to make a simple tomato sauce to use on veggies.

Ending 3: You'll typically apply it to elbow-deep dip and serve it with other vegetables and meats. [substeps] Alternatively, you can use it as a base base to make a pre-mixed sauce.

Ending 4: It also makes meat delicious! [title] Make your own sambal oelek. [step] This is a delicious sauce! Here are some ideas for making it : [substeps] Grate your tomatoes into a cheese bowl and combine equal parts vinegar and water.

Target Text: Ending 1

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 111.4179
Retrieved Text: You’ve probably seen it before, and there’s a chance you weren’t sure what it was (or maybe you thought it was something else). Huy Fong Foods, the makers of such recognizable delights as sriracha, basically have the U.S. market cornered for not only sriracha but their chili garlic paste, as well as sambal oelek (pronounced zam-bahl U-lek). They all have a rooster on them, and they all have green caps, so someone who’s not familiar with all three could easily mistake one for the other. But really, truly, sambal oelek is different from the other two.
There are seeds in my hot sauce! Of course there are — that’s where the heat is.
Sambal oelek has roots in Malaysian and Indonesian cooking. While there are actually hundreds of types of sambal, each with its own blend of chilis and seasonings, in the U.S., sambal oelek is the most common. It’s also called sambal ulek (“oelek” is technically the Dutch spelling of the word, but global colonial history is a subject for another time), referring to the ulek, a mortar and pestle–type device that’s used to make it. The stone mortar (ulekan) is shaped like a shallow bowl, and the pestle (ulek-ulek) is made from either cured bamboo or stone. The person making the sambal uses the ulek-ulek by applying pressure and grinding in circular motions to mash the ingredients into a paste. While sambals can become quite complex, sambal oelek is the most basic — it’s just crushed raw chili peppers frequently used as a base for making

########
Rank: 1
Score: 98.53992
Retrieved Text: How many half-used bottles of condiments would you say you have in your refrigerator at this very moment. Five? Ten? Twenty? I don’t know how many I have but I know it’s too many. So when I have the opportunity to make a sauce or condiment from things I already have on hand insteading of buying yet another bottle, I’m going to do that. I love sweet chili sauce, but I only use it maybe once or twice per year and each time I’m left with half a bottle that haunts the back of my fridge for-ev-er. So this time I decided to make my own smaller batch of easy sweet chili sauce using a few simple ingredients that I usually have on hand (including another condiment that commonly haunts my fridge!).
This isn’t a from-scratch, authentic sweet chili sauce. Sweet chili sauce is usually made with fresh red chiles, but I rarely see those at the store, so I took a short cut. I used sambal oelek, which is basically just red chiles and vinegar. Since vinegar is another main ingredient in sweet chili sauce, this using sambal oelek is a great shortcut.
Thankfully, sambal oelek is really easy to find in major grocery stores these days. Just look in the international foods aisle, near the sriracha. There is another product, chili garlic sauce, which is similar but has garlic in addition to the red chiles and vinegar. You can use that for your sweet chili sauce, but it will add a slightly garlicky flavor.
How else can

########
Rank: 2
Score: 91.866165
Retrieved Text: I first met this chili paste when I was living in Spain. One of my favor restaurants called Mytillus, served a dish called Meat on A Stone, where you cooked your tender pieces of prime steak on a hot stone to your perfection. With this dish, they served Sambal Oelek, and probably to their annoyance, I’d finished the jar . . every time. Spain’s a little hard to find worldly products so I had to hunt far and wide for this sauce, but through perseverance, I found a little Asian store which stocked it. Needless to say I became their favourite customer! The only problem was, that they only sold this jar in tiny sizes, so when dinner time came and Hans (my spice loving other half) wanted to use Sambal Oelek as an ingredient in his cooking, the kitchen wars would start! Fortunately, for our relationship, we moved to Vancouver where they sold this chili paste by the bucket load, and so peace resumed in our little household once more!
This sauce is moorishly yummy! A fine combination of salty hot goodness means the pot doesn’t last for long! What is it good on . .every bleeding thing! As a dip, condiment, marinade and for cooking! I even use it as a spread on my toast!
Check out more products from: Huy Fong Foods, Inc.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 91.35242
Retrieved Text: Sambal Oelek is of Malaysian and Indonesian origin. Oelek means to grind and Sambal means chilli. So it basically means ground chilli.
The one I use for most of my dishes is the type I get in the Giant grocery stores here in Bluebell, Pennsylvania. (See picture) It is ground chilli with little preservatives added. Use this Sambal Oelek when you want to add heat to your dishes without impacting the overall taste.
Or if you have a lot of time in your hands or don't want the preservatives in your food, you can make your own Sambal Oelek. Please note that this homemade version is quite spicy so use sparingly. Use a glove when handling the ground Oelek.
Place the chillies in water in a small pot and simmer for 15 mins. Drain and cool.
Transfer to a food processor. Add the rest of the ingredients and process.
Place in a sealed container and refrigerate after opening.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 87.92292
Retrieved Text: This Sambal Oelek (ground chili sauce or sambel) is an excellent high-quality, thick, Indonesian-style sauce made of ground chilis. Serve at the table as a relish to top rice and stir fry dishes.
Sambal Oelek is made of chilies with no other additives such as garlic or spices for a simple taste. Use this condiment to add heat to a dish without altering the other delicate flavors.
Sambal is the Indonesian word for fresh spicy chilies ground with salt. It is appreciated in Indonesia, Malaysia, southern India, Vietnam and Thailand served as an accompaniment to rice dishes, soups and curries.
Huy Fong brand is also known as Rooster or Chicken brand because of its logo.
Refrigerate after opening. Keeps for several months.
See other Huy Fong sauces: Sriracha Chili Sauce and Chili Garlic Paste.
Ingredients: Chili, salt, distilled vinegar, potassium sorbate, sodium bisulfate as preservative and xantham gum. Product of USA.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 86.76374
Retrieved Text: 1. Heat 1 tbs. of cooking oil in a non-stick fry pan. Cook prawn on medium-high heat for 2-3 minutes or until just turning pink. Season. Turn heat to low. Add the sweet chilli sauce and sambal oelek. Cook, stirring for 2-3 minutes or until the prawns are cooked through.
2. Transfer to a serving plate. Garnish with coriander leaves, fresh red chillies and lime wedges. Serve immediately.
Note: You can purchase Sambal Oelek from the Asian grocery shop. If you can’t find any sambal, use fresh red chillies, chopped or ground.
Thank you, Donte! They are easy to make and really delicious. You won’t be dissapointed!
I cooked these prawns and it was a hit! So easy and delicious.
So so easy to cook, and really delicious.
Prawns and Chilli. This was very very nice.
So easy and very tasty!
Easy and delicious! Beautiful photo, as always!

########
Rank: 6
Score: 86.16122
Retrieved Text: When a recipe calls for 2 tablespoons of sambal oelek you know you're really making a commitment to fiery curry - and also to wearing plastic bags over your hands while handling the marinating meat. The good news is that I could buy a jar of sambal oelek at the supermarket downstairs so I didn't have to make anything from scratch.
Actually this was a very easy recipe, which is all the better because dish itself was quite impressive.
There were two ingredients that I couldn't find. And given that we're stressing the EASY here, I think ou should understand that I'm absolutely surer I could have found them, if I had bothered to look a bit harder. But I went to exactly two supermarkets to make this dish, and refused to do any more desperate shopping than that.
One of the missing ingredients was chilli flakes. Given that there are two tablespoons of sambal oelek and three fresh chillies, I thought that the missing chilli flakes wouldn't really be missed (and boy was I ever right about that!).
The second missing ingredient was the duck. I thought I might find frozen duck bits at the fancy supermarket, but there were none. There was goat... In the end I used Australian lamb tenderloins. Quite expensive (around $20) but super delicious, and this was kind of a treat. Plus, I thought lamb would make a better substitution for duck than, say chicken or beef.
I was a bit nervous about how lamb and mango would go together. I could somehow easily imagine

########
Rank: 7
Score: 84.19812
Retrieved Text: Direction: Start by shredding the cabbage and fry it in the sesame oil. Add the garlic, ginger, soy sauce, hoisin, sambal oelek, tomato pure, fish sauce, vinegar, worcestershire sauce and let it cook or simmer until dry. What you will find is all the spices will really infuse into the cabbage.
Whisk the two egg with some salt and fry in sesame oil. Slice into smaller pieces add into the cabbage together with the edamame beans and the chopped leek.
I used the grill to cook the pork tenderloin. I love to use the grill, less mess and the meat taste 100 times better!
Serve the meat on top of the cabbage with some fresh cilantro. The kids loved it and so did the grown up…so tumps up!
Chop the chicken, vegetables and put it in an oven proof dish. Mix the cream, Sambal Oelek, Mango Chutney, garlic, and Curry in a bowl. Pour it over the chicken and the vegetables and place it in the oven for 12-20 minutes. Meanwhile cook the quinoa according to the direction on the instructions. Serve the chicken with quinoa and a green salad.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 83.93917
Retrieved Text: The secret to a great pasta primavera is the right balance of vegetable flavors and textures, plus a killer sauce. This vegan pasta recipe fits the bill, with crisp-tender broccoli, sweet bell peppers, earthy mushrooms, and tangy tomatoes, all of which are topped with a creamy walnut-and-herb sauce that gets a spicy kick from sambal oelek, an Asian chile paste. Sambal oelek can be found in the Asian section of most supermarkets, but you can also substitute a few drops of your favorite hot sauce. When blending the sauce, don’t worry about pre-chopping the parsley and cilantro. Simply trim away the larger stems before measuring the leaves, then place them directly in the food processor.
Combine the walnuts, stock, lemon juice, cilantro, parsley, garlic, chile paste, and salt (if using) in a food processor or blender and purée until smooth. Season with pepper.
Bring a large pot of water to a boil. Add the pasta, and cook for 5 minutes. Add the broccoli and bell peppers; cook for 4 to 5 minutes. Add the mushrooms; cook for 2 minutes more. Drain.
Transfer the pasta mixture to a large bowl. Add the sauce, and toss to coat. Add the tomatoes; toss gently to combine. Serve warm, at room temperature, or chilled.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 82.4727
Retrieved Text: Whole eggplants topped with sticky Asian dressing are the heroes of this vegetarian dinner dish.
Preheat the oven to 180C/160C fan forced. Combine the kecap manis, sambal oelek or chilli paste, white part of the shallot, garlic, ginger and sugar in a bowl. Set aside.
Drizzle the oil over a baking tray. Place the tray in the oven for 10 minutes or until oil is hot. Place eggplant, skin side down, on the hot tray. Roast for 15 minutes or until the cut side of the eggplant is golden. Turn and roast for a further 15 minutes or until the eggplant is tender. Turn again and spoon sambal mixture over the cut side of each eggplant. Roast for a further 15 minutes or until very tender.
Sprinkle the coriander, chilli, sesame seeds and the green part of the shallot over the eggplant. Serve with rice and chilli sauce.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 82.083595
Retrieved Text: The recipe below, which requires no shrimp paste, is a Burmese-Chinese version of laap, the herby Thai minced meat dish. The minced chicken is stirfried with ground cumin and mustard seeds, ginger, garlic cloves, and a spoonful of sambal oelek—a blend of red chilies, brown sugar, and salt that can be found near the Sriracha in many Asian markets. You can turn this into a vegetarian dish by replacing the chicken with tofu—diced, then drained on paper towels and stir-fried.
The fried garlic cloves add extra texture.
To mince the chicken, place thighs smooth side up on a cutting board. With knife blade parallel to cutting board, slice each thigh in half width-wise, opening it up into two thin pieces. Cut chicken against the grain into thin strips, then chop strips finely until evenly minced.
In a skillet, toast cumin and mustard seeds until they pop, no more than 30 seconds. Transfer to a mortar with a pestle, and pound into a coarse powder.
In a small bowl, blend sambal oelek, soy sauce, fish sauce, and sugar. In a large skillet, heat oil over medium heat. Tilt pan so oil pools to one side, then add garlic cloves. Fry until light golden and soft, about 1 minute. Remove garlic cloves and reserve, leaving the oil.
Heat skillet over high heat. When oil is hot (not smoking), add minced garlic and ginger. Stir-fry for a few seconds and add the chicken, spreading it out evenly with a wooden spoon. After a minute, give pan a stir so chicken doesn’t stick together. Repeat

########
Rank: 11
Score: 82.06173
Retrieved Text: These chicken satays are spicy, succulent and superb. The Thai dipping sauce recipe makes more than needed but it will keep well for two weeks in the refrigerator.
Combine ginger, garlic, sambal oelek, lime juice and vegetable oil in a mini chopper or by hand and process until well combined. Pour over chicken and marinate, covered, for 2 hours in the refrigerator.
Thread one piece of chicken onto each skewer and grill for 2 to 3 minutes per side, turning once, or until cooked through. Serve the chicken satays with Thai dipping sauce.
Whisk together garlic, sambal oelek, ketchup, fish sauce, water, lime juice and brown sugar. Stir in carrot and mint. Makes about 1 cup (250 ml).

########
Rank: 12
Score: 82.01501
Retrieved Text: Pickapeppa Red Hot Sauce Carolina Sauces - Hot Sauces, BBQ Sauces and Fiery Foods from Carolina's!
Pickapeppa Red Hot Sauce, 5oz.: The hard to get Jamaican red sauce. The Pickapeppa Company Limited was established in 1921. Over the years it has won a number of awards both nationally and internationally to attest to it's high quality and consistency of flavor. Pickapeppa products are aged in oak barrels for a minimum of 1 year. They contain only the finest tropical fruit and spices from all over the world.
Hot peppers, cane vinegar, sugar, salt and spices. No Fat.
Bufalo Chipotle Mexican Hot Sauce, 5.8oz. The Hottest Hot Sauces Gift Set, 5/5oz. Pure Cap Extract, 2oz. Huy Fong Sambal Oelek Ground Fresh Chili Paste, 8oz.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 80.77109
Retrieved Text: I thought this would be super flavorful and delicious, but it felt like it was missing something. It was. HEAT!
I'm willing to make this recipe again but will definitely add sambal oelek or sriracha to the sauce.
Also, we'll use ground beef (what the recipe calls for) instead of ground pork.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 80.23734
Retrieved Text: Swimsuit season is fast approaching and if you want to eat healthy, but don't want to give up your love of spicy food.. this Thai Cabbage and Chicken Soup is your answer.
Have you ever heard of the Cabbage Soup diet? I tried it once and I swore I would never eat cabbage soup again. This is NOT that cabbage soup.
This is a delicious and bold Thai inspired cabbage and chicken soup. The protein from the chicken helps satisfy your hunger. The soup is low-carb and I can eat two bowls of it without feeling guilty.
There is good fat from the coconut milk, lots of healthy ingredients like ginger, garlic, turmeric and of course cabbage. Since the cabbage and the other vegetables get cooked down, I added some fresh chopped onion and some jalapenos for extra crunch. I also added more sambal oelek to the soup bowl. Sambal oelek is one of my favorite condiment obsessions...if you haven't tried it yet.. you should!
Then add chicken stock, shredded chicken, vinegar, fish sauce, diced tomatoes and sambal oelek (this is available in most grocery stores or in Asian markets).
Simmer soup for 15-20 minutes. Finally add coconut milk and simmer soup for another 3 minutes. Taste for seasoning. If more salt is needed add fish sauce or serve at the table. If the soup turns out too salt, dilute with a little water. Serve hot. Garnish as suggested above. Enjoy.
That cabbage soup diet was brutal! Thankfully, you've given us a more delicious and friendly way to enjoy cabbage soup.
I would

########
Rank: 15
Score: 80.06154
Retrieved Text: Date: Sun, 23 Jun 1996 19:29:55 +0700 From: Jane <lmuiw@SERVER.INDO.NET.ID> Exported from : Step-by-step Indonesian Cooking 1. Remove fat and bones from lamb chops and cut into 2 cm cubes. 2. Combine lamb with chopped onion,garlic,tamarind sauce,soy sauce,vinegar, sambal oelek and coconut. Marinate for 2 hours or refrigerate overnight. 3. Thread lamb onto sweekers, brush with combined oils and cook under a hot preheated grill for 3 minutes. Hint : Try this marinate with beef,chicken or pork EAT-L DIGEST 22 JUNE 1996 From the EAT-L recipe list. Downloaded from Glen’s MM Recipe Archive, .
How Do You Cook Coconut Lamb Satay (Sate Kambing)?
If you know another way to cook Coconut Lamb Satay (Sate Kambing) please make a comment in the form below to help other free recipe users make the best of this free recipie.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 79.814575
Retrieved Text: There’s no Thai curry paste in this recipe, I promise.
With that being said, this Thai chicken noodle soup is still an easy throw together meal which is always a big tick in my book.
In a medium sized pot, heat up 2 teaspoons of cooking oil. When the oil is hot, add ginger and turmeric powder and saute until aromatic over low heat.
Pour the chicken broth into the pot carefully. Cover the pot with a lid and cook until the broth is bubbling.
Add coconut milk, tamarind puree, sambal oelek, fish sauce and brown sugar. Allow the broth to cook until boiling point again, over low heat. This should give you enough time to blanch the noodles.
Place the rice stick noodles in a bowl and pour boiling hot water over them, Make sure they are well submerged in the hot water and wait for 5 to 8 minutes until they are softened. Drain and divide equally into two serving bowls.
The coconut broth should be bubbling by now. Add mung bean sprouts and turn off the heat. In the meantime, heat up the shredded chicken in microwave for a minute or so until it is well heated through.
Ladle the broth over the noodles. Then top the noodle soup with shredded chicken, lime wedges and sambal oelek. Squeeze the lime before eating. Enjoy!
Definitely making these asap!! Looks so good and I love that I have almost all the ingredients in my pantry!
Great new version to a traditional recipe! I just wanted to let you know that I have a food

########
Rank: 17
Score: 78.76329
Retrieved Text: Matouk's Salsa Picante Hot Pepper Sauce Carolina Sauces - Hot Sauces, BBQ Sauces and Fiery Foods from Carolina's!
Matouk's Salsa Picante Hot Pepper Sauce, 10oz.
Matouk's Hot Pepper Sauce Salsa Picante (10 FL.OZ. / 300 ml): A traditional Caribbean-style sauce with a kick. The salsa picante is a great table sauce.
Aged pickled Scotch Bonnet peppers, vinegar, mustard, onion powder, spices and soybean oil.
Mad Dog 22 Midnight Special Pepper Extract, 1.7oz. Mad Dog 357 Pepper Extract, 1.7oz. 16 Million PURE Capsaicin Crystals, 16.0ml. Kit. Huy Fong Sambal Oelek Ground Fresh Chili Paste, 8oz.
The product is always good and fresh, trying to find the same sauce in a local store is very difficult. If it is found it's usually out of date. The shipping was quick and very well packaged. the only negative is that the sauce is a little pricey but I guess supply & demand are such that it's to be expected.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 78.725685
Retrieved Text: Cool and crisp–lettuce wraps are a fantastic way to get your daily serving of veggies and more! These healthy wraps are high in protein and totally vegan. They are so simple to make and are perfect as a lunch or appetizer item.
Heat 1 tablespoon coconut oil in a sauté pan on medium-high heat. Next, add your tougher veggies (fennel, celery, water chestnuts, bamboo shoots, peanuts, and baby corn). Mix together and cook for about 5 minutes; then set aside.
Next, heat 1 tablespoon coconut oil, a drizzle of sesame oil, and a spoon of rice vinegar in the pan. Then, pan-fry the tofu until golden brown and crispy on the edges. Add in purple cabbage, bell pepper, and bean/pea sprouts; cook for 2-3 minutes.
Add initial batch of tougher veggies back into the mixture for final seasoning. Squeeze in lemon juice. Drizzle soy sauce and sambal oelek chili paste to evenly coat and toss the mixture. Don’t forget to add a twist or two of freshly ground sea salt and black pepper. Sprinkle cilantro over the filling and transfer to a glass bowl.
Microwave or use a small pot to heat the peanut butter, soy sauce, and sambal oelek chili paste. Whisk ingredients together with some lemon juice to form a smooth sauce. Add black pepper if desired.
Take one lettuce leaf and scoop a generous portion of the filling in. Drizzle the sauce over the mixture, fold up the leaf, and munch on your savory creation!
Thank You, I liked the chilly peanut sauce recipe. Always wondered how sauce are

########
Rank: 19
Score: 78.714165
Retrieved Text: Sambal Oelek is simply a ground up Indonesian chile sauce. Although it is readily available for purchase, I was not willing to swallow some of the ingredients that are in commercial offerings. So I decided to embark on a mission to make my own :D.
Once you prepare this easy and delicious sambal, you will find many uses for it as a condiment and as an ingredient in all kinds of recipes. It has become an indispensable one in our household! It is spooned on stir-fries, burgers, scrambles - in short wherever a touch spice or heat is needed!
I was sure that I needed fresh red chiles, but the only fresh ones that I was (and still am) able to acquire are Fresno (ripe Jalapeno) chiles. When I made the sambal, my family found that the sambal was not spicy enough! (true :D) so, I started adding habanero chiles to hike up the heat quotient.
Wash the chiles well and drain. Pull or slice off the stems.
Combine chiles with the vinegar and salt and bring to a boil; reduce heat and simmer covered for about 5 to 7 minutes. Let cool covered to room temperature.
Process the chiles with the cooking liquid using a blender or food processor until pureed but still slightly chunky; I like to leave a little texture.
Pour into a sterilized jar with tight-fitting lids and keep in the refrigerator or freeze for longer storage.
Serve with your favorite munchies. Enjoy!!

########
Rank: 20
Score: 77.93646
Retrieved Text: Historic Lynchburg Jalapeno Seafood Cocktail Sauce Carolina Sauces - Hot Sauces, BBQ Sauces and Fiery Foods from Carolina's!
Historic Lynchburg Jalapeno Seafood Cocktail Sauce, 15oz.
Historic Lynchburg Jalapeno Seafood Cocktail Sauce (15 oz. / 426g): In their search for a distinctive flavor for their seafood sauce, the old folks discovered that adding a little of their local Tennessee Whiskey was the answer. The family is proud of their delicious old time quality Jalapeno Seafood Cocktail Sauce that adds wonderful flavor to shrimp, oysters, catfish and almost any seafood or water critter.
Tomato Concentrate made from red ripe tomatoes, Red Ripe Jalapeno Peppers, Vinegar, High Fructose Corn Syrup, Corn Syrup, Salt, Spices, Fresh Horseradish, Lemon Juice, Worcestershire sauce, Garlic, Onion, Natural Flavors, and Jack Daniel's Black Label Whiskey.
The Milder Chile Extracts 3 Pack, 5oz, 2oz, 1.35oz. 16 Million PURE Capsaicin Crystals, 4.0ml. Kit. Black Mamba Extreme Venomous Hot Sauce, 2oz. Huy Fong Sambal Oelek Ground Fresh Chili Paste, 8oz.
16 Million PURE Capsaicin Crystals, 2.0ml. Kit. Cajohn's Trinidad Scorpion Puree, 2oz Mad Dog Pepper Extract Gift Set, 4/1.7oz. Delicious Suffering Hot Sauce, 5oz.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 77.8134
Retrieved Text: Sit down with these open-faced salmon sandwiches for lunch today.
Chicago chef Bill Kim marries Korean and American flavors in Korean BBQ. From kimchi-spiked potato salad to these drunken lamb chops, change up your typical barbecue fair. Try these blackened salmon po’ boys on for size.
This is my homage to the seafood po’ boys I eat every time I go to New Orleans. These iconic sandwiches are served on baguettes, but what many people don’t know is that the big Vietnamese population in New Orleans uses rice flour to make the baguettes for their po’ boys and their bahn mi, their traditional sandwiches. I take that adaptation a step further and use crispy rice cakes as the base for an open-faced sandwich. Feel free to use a baguette or even a hamburger bun in place of the rice cakes.
When you need very thinly sliced vegetables, like the cucumbers in this recipe, and you don’t have a mandoline, you can use a vegetable peeler instead of a knife to get superthin slices. Just run the peeler down the length of the cucumber to get long, thin slices, and then cut them into smaller pieces.
Combine the paprika, granulated garlic, chili powder, and salt in a small bowl and stir to mix. Store in an airtight container in a cool, dark cupboard for up to 6 months.
Combine the garlic, ginger, lemongrass, chili sauce, fish sauce, sambal oelek, and oil in a bowl and whisk until blended. Transfer to an airtight container and refrigerate for up to 2 weeks or freeze

########
Rank: 22
Score: 76.343735
Retrieved Text: Get ready for the best 10 minute Sheet Pan Salmon dinner recipe ever! Sambal chili lime salmon with Brussels sprouts, broccoli and bell peppers is a quick and easy low carb dinner packed with flavor.
With our busy lives, I’m a huge fan of sheet pan dinners and I’m happy to share this new sheet pan salmon recipe that I think you’re going to LOVE!
When I travel, I love trying new food. I was lucky enough to visit the island of St. John, right before Hurricane Irma slammed into the island. While there, I ate at The Longboard where they served up the most amazing spicy Brussels sprouts that I had ever eaten. When I asked about the spices, they said they used Sambal Oelek. Sambal Oelek is a chili paste made fiery red chilies, vinegar and salt. I had never heard of this! So I immediately ran out and got some when I got home. You can find it at most grocery stores and it will change your life! I use it in so many dishes now.
Sambal chili paste is the perfect addition to this Sheet Pan Salmon recipe. A mixture of lime juice, honey and Sambal Oelek makes this salmon, Brussels sprouts, broccoli and peppers a mouthwatering dinner!
This sheet pan dinner is super easy! Preheat your oven to high broil, spray your pan generously with cooking spray and arrange your salmon and vegetables on the pan.
In a small bowl, whisk lime juice, chili paste, water, olive oil, parsley, salt, pepper and honey together. Then pour

########
Rank: 23
Score: 76.25762
Retrieved Text: Not everyone's husband would be enthusiastic about the idea of cold melon soup. I'm pretty lucky.
I used to hate cantaloupe more than any other fruit. In the dead of winter, it just tastes gross in a grocery store fruit tray. But then I tried a local, ripe summer cantaloupe and I saw what all the fuss was about.
We found some farm-fresh cantaloupe on a country drive and couldn't resist. But I knew the two of us couldn't get through a whole melon by just slicing and eating it.
I found this recipe from Martha Stewart for chilled cantaloupe soup, which couldn't be easier or more refreshing.
All you need is a cantaloupe, a lime and sambal oelek.
Sambal oelek is a Southeast Asian chili paste. It was spicier than I expected so you can adjust the spice accordingly if you like things milder.
All you have to do is dice the cantaloupe.
Then purée it in a blender with a teaspoon of sambal oelek, the juice of a lime and a bit of salt.
Chill in the refrigerator for an hour, then serve, swirled with a little more sambal.
Spicy but cool and refreshing. It's so easy and a great way to showcase fresh melon.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 75.9146
Retrieved Text: Be the envy of the office with this Take-to-Work Mason Jar Ramen!
Let’s face it, work lunches can get a little boring. Sure, you may bring awesome leftovers from time-to-time, but your general go-to fare may need a bit of a makeover. Why not mix things up and bring your own mason jar ramen?! With the weather getting cooler and office colds running rampant, this is sure to be a season favorite; and it’s SO much better than nuking a frozen meal!
The key to this soul satisfying dish is the rich broth made up of chicken base, miso, tahini, toasted sesame oil, and sambal oelek. Nearly every general grocery store carries Better than Bouillon, I highly recommend picking up a jar – it has a far superior taste to those dried bouillon cubes. Another ingredient that you can find in just about every grocery store (check the Asian/international food aisle) is sambal oelek. If you’re not familiar with it, it’s a popular Southeast Asian chile sauce. It adds some really nice heat without the tang you get from something like Sriracha.
Use a beef or vegetable base instead of chicken.
You can add dried rice vermicelli noodles instead of ramen. Simply add hot water when you’re ready to eat and allow to sit for 5 minutes (they soften in hot water more easily than ramen noodles).
Add tofu or leftover slices of chicken, steak, or pork.
Add fresh spinach, sliced mushrooms, dried seaweed, frozen corn, frozen peas or other veggies that soften easily in hot water.
You can add quartered bok choy

########
Rank: 25
Score: 74.40751
Retrieved Text: Place the tortilla chips on a tray lined with baking paper, top with the onions and sambal oelek. Sprinkle the Manchego over the top.	Bake for approx. 5 mins. in the upper half of an oven preheated to 220°C, remove from the oven. Sprinkle with coriander.
Mash the avocado with a fork, add the lime juice and sambal oelek, season. Serve with the nachos.
Serve with tomato salsa instead of guacamole.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 74.3213
Retrieved Text: Heat peanut butter in microwave for 20 seconds to soften.
In a large bowl whisk together softened peanut butter, soy sauce, vinegar, sesame oil, sambal oelek and honey (if using).
Add spaghetti, green onions and sesame seeds.
Chill until ready to serve – or serve at room temperature.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 73.90042
Retrieved Text: Forget the Miracle Whip-clogged slaw you’re used to—this spin from Memphis chef Kelly English will reinvent your summer cookouts. It happens every year. Your grandmother or your Great Aunt Edna or whoever arrives dressed to the family picnic in a flower-print pants suit will whip up a batch of her “famous” coleslaw. But, chances are, your relative’s famous slaw is the same as everyone else’s: A head of cabbage mixed with a heaping cup of Miracle Whip, egg, vegetable oil, vinegar, sugar, and—if you’re lucky—maybe a little celery seed. The result: A big bowl of pseudo-mayo and soggy cabbage. Don’t continue the tradition. Honor sweet, crisp cabbage by cutting out the Whip and opting for supporting ingredients that enhance its flavor. Kelly English, executive chef at Restaurant Iris in Memphis, infuses his slaw with Asian add-ons like minced ginger, cilantro, rice wine vinegar, and sambal oelek—an awesome, slightly hot pepper blend. Once you make your first batch, you’ll never look at “famous” coleslaw the same way. Sorry Aunt Edna. Highfalutin Coleslaw Recipe by Kelly English, executive chef of Restaurant Iris in Memphis, TN What you’ll need: 1 head of napa cabbage, washed and sliced 1 carrot, washed, peeled, and grated 1 bunch of green onions, washed and sliced 1 red bell pepper, washed and sliced 2 tsp sambal oelek (available at most grocery stores and Asian markets) 1 Tbsp minced ginger ½ cup of torn cilantro leaves 1 lime, zested and juiced 3 Tbsp rice wine vinegar 9 Tbsp extra virgin olive oil salt and black

########
Rank: 28
Score: 73.65335
Retrieved Text: Last Updated: April 17, 2019 · Published: October 30, 2017 By: Asian Caucasian Leave a Comment This post may contain affiliate links or sponsored content.
Just discovered this deliciously sweet delicata squash! Wow! It’s amazing roasted, so why not stuff it with the goodness of ground turkey and brown rice? You don’t even have to peel it, the entire squash is edible! We used lots of sautéed veggies like chopped kale and bell peppers, herbaceous mint and cilantro, and a touch of heat from the sambal oelek (Thai red chili paste) and red curry paste to give this dish its fab flavor. Drizzle with a bit of spicy aioli if you’d like. It’s the final touch! Where to find this incredibly tasty gourd? Trader Joe’s, of course! Our go-to for just about everything!
Stuffing and roasting the delicata squash is a meal your entire family will rave over! Use the leftover turkey mixture for another meal — makes a great sauce for pasta!
They come in all shapes and sizes at Trader Joe’s. Choose the largest squash for this recipe. This is a seasonal gourd so run, don’t walk, to your nearest market!
I picked these evenly sized delicata squash at Trader Joe’s. Shop around for this awesome gourd. Otherwise, you can use butternut squash as a substitute.
Roast the delicata squash first, flesh-side down, before stuffing the squash and baking. It’s so sweet and the entire squash is edible so there’s no peeling!
Stuff the delicata squash with the ground turkey and brown rice mixture. The sautéed veggies along with the

########
Rank: 29
Score: 73.635895
Retrieved Text: Try saying the name of this recipe three times really quickly…it’s like a yoga asana for your tongue! Try something really delicious and just a little bit spicy to warm you up this fall from the White Lotus Kitchen and our extraordinary chef, Beatrix Rohlsen. Something a little unconventional might be just the twist to enliven your holiday menu this Thanksgiving.
In this recipe Beatrix uses Sambal Oelek, a chili-based condiment that has a kick. Sambals are typically made using any of a variety of hot chilies such as habanero, red chili or cayenne and can be found in gourmet and specialty food stores. Sambals have been introduced to us through Indonesian, Malaysian and Sri Lankan culture. And oelek, which is actually a Dutch spelling, refers both to the stoneware mortar in which the chili pastes are ground and to the twisting or grinding motion of the pestle. Sambal Oelek which differs from other Sambals is a raw chili paste which is bright red, thin and sharp tasting. In the following recipe Beatrix shares how to make our own substitute for this distinct, spicy, and flavorful ingredient.
Remember; try saying the name three times really fast! And may you be warm all season long.
In a medium sized pot heat 1 Tbs. coconut oil. Add the onions and sauté for about 2 minutes then lower heat and sauté for 8 minutes longer. Add leeks and sauté for a moment before adding celery and sautéing for 5 minutes more. Add 3/4 of the ginger and garlic, saving the rest for

================



======= Instance Index 6849 =========
Input Text: If a description of a situation begins like this: [header] How to prevent hair tourniquet syndrome in babies [title] Understand what causes hair tourniquet syndrome. [step] Hair tourniquet syndrome is most common in the first four months of your baby's life. This is because it is during this timeframe that women may inadvertently lose more hair following pregnancy.... Then how
does it continue? 

Ending 1: This is related to the changes the body is undergoing as it returns to its normal state following pregnancy. [substeps] A baby can get hair tourniquet syndrome from repetitive motion in a confined space where there is hair present.

Ending 2: Women who lose more hair during pregnancy may permanently acquire more hair in the long run, as many of the more affected women in your baby's life are potential mothers. [title] Be aware of the risks and benefits of hair tourniquet syndrome.

Ending 3: In the fetus, blood vessels move more towards the cervix than do testosterone cells. Testosterone cell walls during this time period block oxygen from entering the uterus, causing excess hair to clog the cervix.

Ending 4: These women are pregnant by the time they start the second trimester. They may experience significant hair loss over the first four to eight months following.

Target Text: Ending 1

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 111.321045
Retrieved Text: Here's a life lesson many of us probably haven't heard before: If a baby is inconsolable, check its toes.
That's the lesson Scott and Jessica Walker learned a couple weeks ago after finding a strand of hair wrapped around their baby's toe.
Molly's dad posted a picture of the toe on Facebook and warned fellow parents, saying, "Unfortunately, the hair managed to cut all the way through Molly's skin, completely around her toe, but it could have been worse had it gone much longer untreated, or if the hair wasn't accessible."
It's called hair-thread tourniquet syndrome, or hair tourniquet, and it usually occurs on appendages in babies. Experts say the classic presentation of the problem is an inconsolable infant.
A doctor told NBC, "If you feel like your child is behaving in a way that's unusual, pay attention to it. A hair tourniquet is a great thing to check for, and it's not hard to spot. There's not really any way to prevent it, but they're not that hard to remove."

########
Rank: 1
Score: 72.715775
Retrieved Text: How to Cut Your Own Hair Without Ruining It. All you need are these expert tips. (A steady hand can't hurt, either.)... Step 2: Put on a tourniquet Before you attempt to cut off your arm, tie a tourniquet several inches above the amputation site with whatever you have on hand, like a piece of cloth or a belt. Without it, you could bleed to death when you sever an artery.
How long would it take to bleed out if you cut off your hands?
Slice away from your hand and keep your fingers clear of the blade. Slicing away from your hand prevents an accidental cut if the knife slips. Don�t ever use the palm of your hand as a cutting board. That�s just inviting the knife to slice into your hand!

########
Rank: 2
Score: 71.30694
Retrieved Text: Stop self-terrorizing yourself with worst-case scenarios and "hidden dangers.” | The Metropolitan Museum of Art.
Last week I shared tips for keeping parenting news out of your inbox and social media feeds. But despite your best efforts, some of those stories are going to sneak through. In fact, you’re likely to find many of them yourself when you’re up in the middle of the night googling your parenting questions.
That’s why it’s helpful to know what kinds of parenting stories you’re going to see most often, and how to interpret them.
If you’re reading this pregnancy calendar, you are also probably the kind of person who already owns a few parenting books. If so, you’re likely to have read about one hidden danger: the hair tourniquet. A stray hair on the floor or crib can wind its way around your baby’s tiny toe as many as 100 times, cutting off circulation and sometimes resulting in amputation.
The hair tourniquet is the perfect example of a “hidden danger” story. Stories like these terrify new parents into changing their behavior with clickbait titles like “Hidden Danger That Can Permanently Harm Your Baby.” That’s the actual title Parents gave to their coverage of hair tourniquets.
Reading that probably makes you even more terrified of postpartum hair shedding. You may have even opened a tab to research the most whisper-quiet yet somehow also most effective vacuum cleaners to keep all that hair away from tiny toes.
The best advice about hidden dangers is probably to ignore them, but that’s nearly impossible to do because their clickbait

########
Rank: 3
Score: 67.99995
Retrieved Text: The rescue efforts continue in Mexico City this week after two earthquakes and their aftershocks killed more than 300 people across the country and damaged 4,000 buildings in the capital city alone. Frantic searches for survivors at the Enrique Rebsamen School, which collapsed during the 7.1-magnitude Mexico City quake on Tuesday, resulted in an astonishing eleven souls being plucked from the rubble and sent to nearby hospitals. Most of them survived because of the determined efforts of the rescue team, whose immediate medical attention prevented what can be fatal effects of having a crushed limb. Such circumstances often call for a very simple yet effective medical intervention: the tourniquet.
The probability of surviving a building collapse depends on multiple variables, of course—the most important being where the rubble has fallen on the body and what is being crushed. If a slab of cement is on the chest and breathing stops, death will ensue quickly as the brain can survive without oxygen for no longer than minutes. If vital parts of the body are crushed—such as the head, neck, or abdomen—death is imminent. If an arm or leg is crushed, survival is possible, but after just one hour, a severely crushed limb becomes so toxic that it can kill in the same manner as lethal injection. That's where the tourniquet comes in.
When a person is rescued and their crushed limb is freed, the return of blood flow to the limb actually hastens the toxic process. This paradoxical reperfusion syndrome not only increases the inflammatory and immune response, but

########
Rank: 4
Score: 67.68499
Retrieved Text: Uncombable Hair Syndrome: What Causes Unmanageable Hair?
What Is Uncombable Hair Syndrome?
Uncombable hair syndrome – also known as Pili trianguli et canaliculi – is a rare structural anomaly of the hair follicle that results in unmanageable hair. It usually appears during infancy and has a coarse texture that cannot be combed down or flattened. It stands up straight from the head and is usually light blonde, white or silver in color.
The cause of uncombable hair syndrome is a gene mutation that occurs in one of the following three genes: PADI3, TGM, or TCHH3. It is believed that the gene mutation is hereditary.
There is only one known type of uncombable hair syndrome.
Diagnosing uncombable hair syndrome consists of a physical examination and observing the appearance of the hair. To confirm the diagnosis, the hair shaft can be examined under a microscope. In uncombable hair syndrome, the hair shaft will have a triangular or kidney-shaped appearance under the microscope.
For most children who have uncombable hair syndrome, the condition resolves during puberty. In the meantime, there are several ways to make the hair more manageable. Biotin supplements can improve the health and appearance of the hair. Conditioners can also help improve the manageability of the hair.
76 Year Old Grandmother Hits $1,782,390 Jackpot and Refuses To Share With Family!
Cristiano Ronaldo Finally Reveals the Muscle Supplements That Got Him Shredded?

########
Rank: 5
Score: 66.901
Retrieved Text: Can Ultrasound Impact the Risk–Benefit Ratio for Nerve Blocks?
To the Editor:— Dr. Hebl’s editorial1 is thought provoking. The real potential of ultrasound lies in the opportunity to approach nerve blocks in entirely new ways. Regional anesthesia for hand surgery provides an example. Many anesthesiologists consider it axiomatic that one should avoid performing nerve blocks close to the tourniquet. This is partially defensive because “when the site of the block is close to the tourniquet, electromyographic and conduction nerve studies cannot allow such differentiation and by default, the anesthesiologist is usually blamed.”2 Despite this caveat, the most commonly used regional technique for hand surgery with an upper arm tourniquet is the axillary block. If one subscribes to the theory that serious nerve damage from axillary block is often the result of vascular trauma and a medial brachial fascial compartment syndrome,3 rather than direct needle–nerve trauma, it is even more imperative to avoid axillary block with an upper arm tourniquet.
Ultrasound should permit the near total abandonment of the axillary block. With ultrasound, peripheral nerve blocks in the mid forearm become straightforward.4,5 These blocks should replace the axillary block for minor hand surgery (e.g. , carpal tunnel, digit fractures).6 Before ultrasound, many anesthesiologists avoided supraclavicular and infraclavicular blocks for fear of pneumothorax. With ultrasound, the lung and major vessels are directly visualized, so the proceduralist avoids them as a matter of course. For major hand, wrist, and elbow surgery, ultrasound-guided supraclavicular or infraclavicular blocks should be the first choice whenever an upper arm tourniquet is used.
The gist of Hebl’s

########
Rank: 6
Score: 66.71294
Retrieved Text: US Army Institute of Surgical Research, Fort Sam Houston, TX.
Implementation and results of a practical grading system for thoracic blunt aortic injury.
Division of Vascular Surgery, Department of Surgery, University of Washington, Seattle, Wash.
Objective: We previously proposed a grading system for blunt thoracic aortic injury (BTAI) designed to guide therapy. This study analyzed our outcomes since implementing this system.
A Case Report of A Drop Foot Developed After Common Femoral Artery Cannulation for Venoarterial Extracorporeal Membrane Oxygenation.
Noro Psikiyatr Ars 2019 Mar 20;56(1):75-78. Epub 2018 Apr 20.
Department of Chest Surgery, Memorial Hospital, İstanbul, Turkey.
Fasciotomy Improvement Through Recognition of Errors Course: A Focused Needs Assessment for Error Management Training for Lower Extremity Fasciotomy Performance.
J Surg Educ 2019 Mar 23. Epub 2019 Mar 23.
Department of Surgery, Walter Reed National Military Medical Center/Uniformed Services University of the Health Sciences, Bethesda, Maryland.
Compartment syndrome as a late presentation of brachial artery pseudoaneurysm following shaft of humerus fracture.
Orthopaedics, All India Institute of Medical Sciences Bhubaneswar, Bhubaneswar, Orissa, India.
Dermatologic complication following axillary cannulation for aortic dissection repair.
Clin Case Rep 2019 Feb 9;7(2):343-345. Epub 2019 Jan 9.
Anesthesia University of Mississippi Medical Center Jackson Mississippi.
Atraumatic Gluteal Compartment Syndrome Presenting in a Young Female with Unilateral Lower Extremity Symptoms.
Case Rep Emerg Med 2019 29;2019:7891275. Epub 2019 Jan 29.
Inspira Medical Center, Vineland, NJ 08360, USA.
[Analysis of causes and treatment methods of complication of early acute kidney injury in four severely burned patients].
Department of Burns and Plastic Surgery, Guangzhou Red Cross Hospital, Medical College, Jinan University, Guangzhou 510220, China.
Effect of prehospital tourniquets on resuscitation in extremity arterial trauma.
Trauma Surg Acute Care

########
Rank: 7
Score: 65.197334
Retrieved Text: 2. Select a personalized pneumatic tourniquet cuff that best matches an individual patient’s limb shape and size at the desired cuff location, and that meets all relevant FDA requirements.
3. Select a sterile, disposable tourniquet cuff for procedures that require placement of a sterile tourniquet cuff near the operative site, or for use in contaminated surgical cases, or to prevent cross-contamination. For safety, disposable tourniquet cuffs must be discarded at the end of each procedure.
4. Select a reusable tourniquet cuff when sufficient sterile draping is available to isolate the cuff from the sterile field. For safety, tourniquet cuffs designed by the manufacturer to be reusable multiple times must be thoroughly cleaned between each use, according to manufacturer’s instructions and established guidelines.
5. The tourniquet cuff should be applied snugly at both distal and proximal edges around the patient’s limb at the desired cuff location.
6. Use a limb protection sleeve matched specifically to the selected tourniquet cuff for additional safety, to further protect the skin and soft tissues underlying the cuff.
7. To minimize the risk of pressure-related tourniquet injuries and soft tissue injuries, set the tourniquet instrument at a personalized tourniquet pressure based on each patient’s limb occlusion pressure (LOP).
8. To minimize the risk of time-related ischaemic injuries, tourniquet time should be monitored and minimized, consistent with the requirements of the surgical procedure.
9. Patient conditions should be monitored and documented before, during, and after the procedure.
10. To assure safe and accurate functioning of the entire tourniquet system, all components (including the instrument, cuffs, tubing, connectors and accessories) must be

########
Rank: 8
Score: 65.17064
Retrieved Text: H.P. Acthar� Gel (repository corticotropin injection). Learn more about this treatment option. See full safety and prescribing information.
Find links to useful sites about diseases and conditions that our products treat as well as helpful resources created by AstraZeneca and its partners.
Pain relief method involving stretches and gentle exercises.
This site contains in-depth information about genital warts symptoms, causes and prevention methods. It also provides independent reviews of various natural treatments for genital warts removal.
Offers information and treatment for hair loss. Learn how to prevent hair loss and thinning hair as well as hair replacement solutions from medications to surgical hair restoration treatments.
Salon in Los Angeles specializing in the treatment of head lice for children and adults.
See results from hyponatremia studies and learn more about the condition. Even mild hyponatremia can potentially lead to adverse outcomes.
Personal stories of irritable bowel syndrome sufferers.
Diabetic Care Services carries a wide range of insulin supplies online including insulin pens, vials and insulin cartridges.
Learn about irritable bowel syndrome, its causes, its diagnosis, and its treatment.
Find useful and educational information that can help you learn about the epilepsy symptoms associated with Lennox-Gestaut syndrome (LGS).
A site that helps people heal from being exposed to poison oak, with advice on home remedies.
Information on diagnosis and treatment for multiple myeloma.
Website offers information about thrombosis, including deep vein thrombosis.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 64.836136
Retrieved Text: Polycystic Ovary Syndrome occurs because there is a common recurrent autoimmune hair disorder occurring in this browser for the endocrine system attacks healthy tissue that affects many as five million women that are often the cause of reproductive age. Polycystic Ovary Syndrome that every millennial is characterized by age 50 as many symptoms, but you are saying one of the pubic area is most common results was probably one of this disorder the primary aim is hair loss. If it's hard for you are suffering frm severe hairfall from this disorder, you or your doctor may be wondering if you knew how to reverse PCOS do not experience hair loss. Fortunately, there several people who have been many cases it works because of PCOS hair roots permanent hair loss regrowth success. PCOS also suffer from hair regrowth is referring to what a process that difficult it just requires commitment, research, and have a full understanding to achieve success. PCOS which can cause hair loss regrowth vitamin b2 loss is possible, but we're taking 2023-25 before you can sometimes be treated successfully regrow lost a lot of hair you must understand the essence of what PCOS is, as important as being well as how can i transition to combat PCOS without any medicines and promote hair regrowth. Below and how it is a guide in a couple of how to promote hair growth reverse hair loss with the menopause due to PCOS. Polycystic Ovary Syndrome occurs because there is a unique disorder also known as its exact

########
Rank: 10
Score: 63.76008
Retrieved Text: There are several reasons why your baby could be fussy or uncomfortable but crying is the only way babies can tell you they’re upset. Of course, it’s upsetting to see your baby in distress without understanding what is causing it.
In this article, I’ll take you through 5 of the most common reasons babies cry and how you can soothe them accordingly.
One of the most common reasons that babies get fussy is when they get colicky right after feeding. Apart from the fact that it gives your baby gas and tummy pain, colic remains mysterious mostly.
Babies with colic are can be inconsolable until parents give them some over-the-counter anti-gas drops or gripe water, which is made from herbs and sodium bicarbonate.
Try doing some exercises to release the gas from her tummy, either by burping or farting.
Sometimes, the release of the excess gas is all your baby needs to relieve the discomfort and to make her stop crying.
You’d think that it’s easy for babies to nod off especially when they’re tired, but that’s not really the case. Often, when babies are over tired, they can’t sleep as fast.
The best way to avoid this situation is by getting your baby to sleep the first time she shows signs of tiredness like yawning. If you get her to sleep faster, you can minimize the chances of a full-blown cranky crying session.
Just hold your baby close, reduce any sensory inputs and try shushing her to sleep.
Babies love to be cuddled, and they sometimes cry to get noticed so that they can

########
Rank: 11
Score: 63.552074
Retrieved Text: The S.T.A.T tourniquet is made from flexible, self-healing material and has been used by law enforcement, EMS, and schools.
S.T.A.T. Medical Devices claims it's the only tourniquet in the market that can fit both adult and pediatric limbs as small as 20 mm.
This tourniquet tightens down in millimeter increments to avoid over tightening and to prevent nerve or tissue damage. The company claims it's the only tourniquet in the market that can fit both adult and pediatric limbs as small as 20 mm and that their tourniquets have helped save lives in multiple incidents to date.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 63.233383
Retrieved Text: After giving a step-by-step guide on how to place a tourniquet, the Kiwi trainer picked out two Iraqi soldiers to demonstrate what they had just learnt before the entire class.
“It may take a few minutes or several hours before they are evacuated from the battlefield. So if they are able to stop the bleeding, they gain time to save their or their friend’s life,” he explained in an interview recently.
“The tourniquet can spell the difference between life and death when these soldiers are on the front lines. Just as important as their flak jackets and helmets, the tourniquet is lifesaving equipment and every soldier must know how to use it”, he said.
Use of the tourniquet is only one of the basic lifesaving skills Iraqi soldiers learn from Task Group Taji, the combined Australian-New Zealand training force based at Taji Military Complex northwest of Baghdad. They are also taught how to administer CPR (mouth-to-mouth resuscitation), treat gunshot wounds and insert a tube into the nose to secure an open airway.
Task Group Taji has trained close to 3,500 members of the Iraqi Security Forces (ISF) since their mission began in April 2015. The training covers combat first aid, weapons handling, live fire training, building clearances, obstacle breaching techniques, counter-IED (Improvised Explosive Device), map reading, tactics and techniques for squad through to company-level operations, marksmanship and team leadership. All ISF members are also taught the fundamental aspects of international human rights law and Law of Armed Conflict.
Frowned upon in previous years because of fears it could cause long-term limb

########
Rank: 13
Score: 63.00378
Retrieved Text: Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is a hormone imbalance that can cause irregular periods, unwanted hair growth, and acne. It is also known as Stein-Leventhal Syndrome or Polycystic Ovary Disease.
It usually begins during the teenage years and can be mild or severe. Polycystic ovary syndrome is a health problem that can affect a woman's hormone levels, periods, and ovulation and therefore her fertility and pregnancy. It can also cause male-type body changes. The name comes from the fact that the ovaries of women with this syndrome are large and studded with numerous cysts. These cysts are follicles, fluid-filled sacs that contain immature eggs. It has been identified for 75 years but the experts are still not sure what causes it.
An estimated 5 to 10 percent of women in childbearing age have PCOS. Polycystic ovary syndrome is considered the most common hormonal disorder among women of reproductive age in the United States.
This is definitely the most common symptom of PCOS. What exactly is irregular menstruation? It means having menstrual cycles that occur at intervals longer than 35 days or fewer than eight times a year.
This is also a very common symptom. Elevated levels of male hormones may result in physical signs such as excess facial hair or hair on the chest, lower abdomen, back, upper arms or upper legs, acne and male-pattern baldness.
It is proven that one of the hormonal abnormalities in PCOS, a raised level of luteinizing hormone, seems to be linked with miscarriage. Women with raised LH have a higher miscarriage rate compared to those who

########
Rank: 14
Score: 62.87358
Retrieved Text: Home » Treatments » Characteristics of Down Syndrome, the Physical Characteristics of Down Syndrome – What do they look like?
Characteristics of Down Syndrome, the Physical Characteristics of Down Syndrome – What do they look like?
1… How are the characteristics of a baby with Down Syndrome unique or different?
2… Does a kid with the characteristics of Down Syndrome look normal? Does a kid with Down Syndrome look like their parents? What about the unique family features? Photo Quiz included!
4… What are the adult physical characteristics of Down Syndrome?
5… Fixing, correcting and adjusting the physical characteristics associated with Down Syndrome. Making the physical characteristics of Down Syndrome go away.
1… So, what are the characteristics of Down Syndrome, of a baby with Down Syndrome, that typically makes them physically different from most babies?
A baby with Down Syndrome looks pretty much the same as any other baby mostly – For the most part, it takes a well trained eye to spot Down Syndrome characteristics in a baby.
There are around 13 characteristics of Down Syndrome in a baby.
These Down Syndrome characteristics are normally hard to detect by a parent.
Frequently you will be told your baby has Down Syndrome, before you are even aware of it.
The attractive eyes were the only sign, the only physical characteristic of Down Syndrome, we noticed with Jacob and we just put that down to normal variation. We didn’t think he had Down Syndrome after he was born; didn’t notice any of the characteristics of Down Syndrome as being Down Syndrome.
A baby with Down Syndrome may present

########
Rank: 15
Score: 62.81052
Retrieved Text: Мы специализированные Tourniquet With Buckle производители и поставщики / фабрики из Китая. Оптовые Tourniquet With Buckle с высоким качеством, как низкая цена / дешево, один из Tourniquet With Buckle ведущих брендов из Китая, Ningbo Cland Medical Instruments Co., Ltd.
Wholesale Tourniquet With Buckle from China, Need to find cheap Tourniquet With Buckle as low price but leading manufacturers. Just find high-quality brands on Tourniquet With Buckle produce factory, You can also feedback about what you want, start saving and explore our Tourniquet With Buckle, We'll reply you in fastest.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 62.62524
Retrieved Text: The Rapid Application Tourniquet System (R.A.T.S. U.S. Pat. No. 9,168,044) is the fastest tourniquet on the market and is used to stop massive hemorrhaging due to trauma. The R.A.T.S. uses a solid elastic core of proprietary material with a polyester sheath, combined with a patented locking mechanism to make an incredibly fast tourniquet to apply to self or others. No other tourniquet compares to the R.A.T.S. when being used under stress in terms of time or ease of use.
NEW: Longer to accommodate larger limbs!
The inner core of the strap does have some latex. The core however, is made of a vulcanized rubber with a high silicone content. Chance of latex reaction is considered the same as if exposed to an automobile tire. Core is completely wrapped in a protective polyester sheath, which acts to shield the inner core from direct contact with the skin.
The R.A.T.S. Tourniquet should be kept in the plastic packaging until use. The device should be properly disposed of after use. Inspection of the device should take place before use. Inspection should consist of looking for any fraying of the sheath, cracks in the metal cleat, or any other deformities of the device that could compromise the tourniquet. If any of these conditions exist, do not use and promptly replace the tourniquet.
The R.A.T.S. Tourniquet is guaranteed to be free of defects or we'll replace it for free!
and effective device for controlling life-threatening hemmoraghing . Consult an EMS professional for proper training on any and all tourniquet use. Do not apply over solid objects.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 62.58871
Retrieved Text: Before we dive in, let’s take some reality pills. First, this tourniquet is for you, not for your good samaritan fantasy where you save the beautiful princess/prince with the severed artery (although I’m not saying it wouldn’t work for that as well). Second, the mere fact of not carrying a tourniquet does not decrease your chance of ever needing one. And third, a tourniquet can easily be made out of many common items, but not when you are bleeding to death. And bleeding to death on the battlefield is the most common preventable way of dying.
Of all the contents in a well stocked first aid kit, nothing is more frightening or misunderstood than the tourniquet. The utter simplicity of design and finality of use has created a culture of confusion around its application and long term effects. Although the purpose and general operation of the tourniquet has remained fairly constant over the years, advances in medical understanding as well as the proliferation of activities we engage in that might produce a wound in need of a tourniquet has caused a major evolution in tourniquet design and philosophy making a revisit of the device as necessary to anyone who considers himself prepared.
Make no mistake, the use of the tourniquet is the same regardless of its design. Massive blood loss is never a good thing, and stopping it fast and completely is a priority since nobody breaths very long when their plumbing has sprung a major leak. But that is where the old school and new science of

########
Rank: 18
Score: 61.932064
Retrieved Text: ” 1. Firm pressure on or around the wound is the most effective way to stop bleeding.
2. In life-threatening bleeding, control of bleeding takes priority over airway and breathing interventions.
If you are the first aider helping someone who has a severe external bleed, remember to wear gloves; and that “the use of pressure on or around the wound is usually the fastest, easiest and most effective way to stop external bleeding. Other methods should be used if direct pressure alone does not control severe bleeding.
The aim is to stop further bleeding whilst waiting for help to arrive.
“Management of all bleeding begins with application of pressure on or around the wound.
• If bleeding is severe or life-threatening, controlling the bleeding takes priority over airway and breathing interventions. Lie the victim down, apply pressure and send for an ambulance.
• If there is severe, life threatening bleeding from a limb, not controlled by pressure, apply an arterial tourniquet above the bleeding point, if trained in its use and one is available.
• If there is severe, life-threatening bleeding from a wound site not suitable for tourniquet, or from a limb when a tourniquet is not available or has failed to stop the bleeding, apply a haemostatic dressing, if trained in its use and one is available.
• For the majority of non-life-threatening cases, first aiders should follow the order of DRSABCD, where control of bleeding follows establishing airway and commencing CPR if required.
• Applying firm, direct pressure sufficient to stop the bleeding. Pressure can be applied using hands or a pad

########
Rank: 19
Score: 61.786655
Retrieved Text: For the best patient outcome, it is important that all equipment is assembled, calibrated, and tested prior to its use. The following sections highlights some key considerations during equipment assembling, calibration and testing.
Mounting: Some types of tourniquet instruments are mounted on IV poles; others are mounted on portable stands or are placed on a table top.
Tourniquet instrument: Modern electronic tourniquet instruments have a power cord that must be plugged into a properly grounded power source. The more sophisticated instruments have a backup battery which charges automatically when the unit is plugged in, and therefore the unit should be plugged in whenever possible. Note that some instruments do not have a backup battery and therefore must be plugged in at all times during use.
Some old tourniquet instruments require a connection to hospital pressurized gas supply; for such older systems, ensure that the source is of the appropriate type and pressure as specified by the tourniquet manufacturer. Modern electronic tourniquet instruments utilize an internal electrical pump to compress the ambient air; these systems do not require an external pressure sources such as portable tanks, or built-in hospital gas systems.
Manufacturer’s guides: Keep an operating manual readily available and attach a troubleshooting guide to every tourniquet instrument.
Connecting tubing: Virtually all systems have a hose and connector assembly (positive-locking or Luer) for attaching the cuff to the tourniquet instrument. Ensure that the connectors on the cuff and instrument hose(s) are compatible. If a dual-port system is being used, ensure that the cuffs are also dual-port; similarly for single-port systems ensure that

########
Rank: 20
Score: 61.48365
Retrieved Text: The bulk of injectors coming into NSP are either using tourniquets, or have got to the stage where they’re groin injecting because they say they ‘have no veins left’. But from my experience most people lack basic knowledge on how to correctly use a tourniquet.
Information about what makes a good tourniquet and how to use it can give really effective fast results for injectors and help prevent the progression to higher risk sites like the groin.
The whole point is to increase the amount of blood in the arm by letting blood in, but stopping it leave. My normal approach is to ask people to tourniquet the arm just with their hand so I can get a look for veins. Nine times out of ten I end up with some bloke looking like he’s trying to rip his arm off he’ll put so much pressure on. Too much pressure and no extra blood can get into the arm; the basic idea is to increase blood pressure by letting blood in, then stopping it getting out.
… use as much pressure as you’d use holding your child’s arm as you try to get them out of a toyshop.
I then show on my own arm how putting extra pressure stops the vein coming up (which to be frank, bloody hurts). The most important thing in my opinion though is to suggest people practice this when they DON’T need to use, that way they will take more time to see the results.
Bootlace, nice thin, dirty one with a bit of blood

########
Rank: 21
Score: 61.37943
Retrieved Text: Long-running progressive thrash metal legends TOURNIQUET have just released the title and cover art for their new 2018 studio album.
The album, ‘Gazing At Medusa‘, will arrive sometime this summer via the band’s own label, Pathogenic Records. Along with this most welcome news (FYI – TOURNIQUET are one of my favorite bands), TOURNIQUET are debuting the album’s title track in a new lyric video… and the song features some special guests.
They are Deen Castronovo (The Dead Daisies, G//Z/R, ex-Journey) – but not on drums as most would expect, no, he contributes vocals here – and guitarist extraordinaire Chris Poland (OHM, Damn The Machine, ex-Megadeth).
There has been no official announcement from the band yet on who will be handling the rest of the lead vocals. Guest performances on past TOURNIQUET albums include Chris Jericho, Ripper Owens, Corey Glover, Michael Sweet, and Dug Pinnick on vocals, and Marty Friedman, Pat Travers, Scotti Hill, Bruce Franklin, and Chris Poland on guitar.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 61.37591
Retrieved Text: Background: After an emergency or disaster, subsequent trauma can cause severe bleeding and this can often prove fatal, so promptly stopping that bleeding is crucial to preventing avoidable trauma deaths. A tourniquet is often used to restrict blood flow to an extremity. In operation and hospital, the tourniquet systems currently in use are pneumatically actuated by an air compressor, so they must have a steady power supply. These devices have several drawbacks: they vibrate and are noisy since they are pneumatically actuated and they are far from portable since they are large and heavy.
Introduction: Presumably, the drawbacks of pneumatic tourniquets could be overcome by developing a small, lightweight, vibration-free, quiet, and battery- powered tourniquet system. The current study built a small, vibration-free electrohydrodynamic (EHD) pump and then used that pump to restrict blood flow to the leg of rats in an experiment. This study explored the optimal conditions for effective restriction of blood flow by assessing biochemical and musculoskeletal complications following the restriction of blood flow, and this study also examined whether or not an EHD pump could be used to actuate a tourniquet system.
Methods: A tourniquet cuff (width 12 mm × length 150 mm, material: polyolefin) was placed on the thigh of Wistar rats and pressure was applied for 2 hours by a device that uses EHD phenomena to generate pressure (an EHD pump). Animals were divided into four groups based on how much compressive pressure was applied with a tourniquet: 40 kPa (300 mm Hg, n = 13), 30 kPa (225 mm Hg, n

########
Rank: 23
Score: 61.119087
Retrieved Text: It is inevitable that sometimes your dogs will get hurt and it is up to you to apply first aid to the wounds. That being said, if you don’t know what you are doing, you might cause more harm than good.
This article that I have prepared aims in providing you a step by step guide on how to clean a dog wound easily.
Providing comfort for your dog and lessening the pain is one of your responsibilities as pet owner. If the wound is not too deep, there is no need to rush your dog to a nearby veterinary clinic.
If the wound is deep, and you cannot seem to stop the bleeding, then that is the time that you need to enlist the help of the professionals to keep your dog safe and not in harm’s way.
This is an important element because it is basically used to wash the wound before applying medications.
This is needed to shave off the hair around your dog’s wound. The scissors or the razors that are disposable must be used with extra care to avoid further hurting your dog.
This material is essential to easily remove the hair or shave the hair within the wound. Moreover, it reduces the possibility of contamination.
The clean towers are used for wiping down the water-based lubricant or to keep the skin dry before apply medications. Also, it is used to wipe down the area near the wound.
The antiseptic solution is important to prevent more infections. You can buy the Chlorhexidine. This solution is very cheap, but effective.
On

########
Rank: 24
Score: 60.78563
Retrieved Text: Anesth Pain Med. 2016 May 23;6(3):e29316. doi: 10.5812/aapm.29316. eCollection 2016 Jun.
Simple Arm Tourniquet as an Adjunct to Double-Cuff Tourniquet in Intravenous Regional Anesthesia.
Jafarian AA1, Imani F2, Salehi R3, Najd Mazaher F4, Moini F5.
Department of Anesthesiology and Pain Medicine, Motahari Medical Center, Iran University of Medical Sciences, Tehran, Iran.
Pain Research Center, Iran University of Medical Sciences, Tehran, Iran.
Department of Anesthesiology and Pain Medicine, Ali-Asghar Paediatric Hospital, Iran University of Medical Sciences, Tehran, Iran.
Department of Orthopaedic, Shafa-Yahyaian Orthpaedic Hospital, Iran University of Medical Sciences (IUMS), Tehran, Iran.
Department of Traditional Medicine, Rasoul Akram Medical Center, Iran University of Medical Sciences, Tehran, Iran.
Intravenous Regional Anesthesia (IVRA) is a well-known technique for producing analgesia during surgical procedures in the extremities. However, the rapid onset of pain following the deflation of a double-cuff tourniquet during IVRA is a serious disadvantage, leading patient suffering.
The aim of this study was to evaluate the clinical effectiveness of a pneumatic arm tourniquet applied 2 cm above the double-cuff tourniquet in controlling the pain that occurs after its deflation.
Twenty patients undergoing outpatient hand surgery were operated on under IVRA, using 40 - 50 mL of a solution containing 3 mg/kg of lignocaine. A simple pneumatic tourniquet was applied proximal to the double-cuff tourniquet, 3 min before its deflation, while the procedure was being conducted. The severity of pain on the basis of the Numerical Rating Scale (NRS) was assessed throughout the operation, and continued until an hour after the double-cuff tourniquet was removed.
The mean operation time after the deflation of the double-cuff tourniquet was 20.12 ± 6.1

########
Rank: 25
Score: 60.739704
Retrieved Text: The Retention Clip helps to secure the windlass by locking it in place once the tourniquet has been applied. This is especially helpful for one-handed applications, resulting in faster application times and doubling the security of the device in combination with the tri-ring during patient movements.
The increase in length eases the process of securing the windlass into the clip and tri-ring, increasing the effectiveness of the dual retention system. It still maintains its distinct conical ends while being machined from a single piece of aircraft-grade aluminum bar stock and anodized to minimize the product’s signature in a tactical environment.
The Quick-Compression Buckle, added to the tourniquet last year, allows for smoother buckle manipulation due to its rounded edges. This also allows for easier one-handed application and overall faster application time.
Yes, we found a way to make the strongest tourniquet even stronger.
The SOF® Tourniquet Gen 4 is built upon its original ruggedness and durability, which was the result of an exhaustive 24-month research initiative compiling end-user research and laboratory studies. The tourniquet is comprised of high-strength, lightweight alloy components. Its design allows the tourniquet to slide over a limb or, if the limb is trapped, the tourniquet can be rapidly disconnected and reconnected around the limb without rethreading the strap. With one application method for both the arm and the leg, the Gen 4 is the easiest tourniquet to operate under stress, which can lead to reduced levels of blood loss and ultimately better quality patient care.
The Gen 4 still maintains its true 1.5” tourniquet strap, providing a

########
Rank: 26
Score: 60.64293
Retrieved Text: The TOURNIQUET Carrier for the Combat Application Tourniquet (CAT) is a minimalist rigid carrier designed to give you easy accessibility to your tourniquet when seconds count. The Tourniquet carrier holds your tourniquet securely using friction. It offers adjustable retention for the user to set it depending on their application. By having the carrier open at the top without any flaps or straps to get out of the way, allows the user to quickly grab the exposed tourniquet and with a swift pull your able to rapidly deploy the tourniquet.
The tourniquet carrier comes standard with a BladeTech TekLok which is compatible with 1.5” - 2.25” belts and is also molle compatible. (malice clips not included).

########
Rank: 27
Score: 60.470776
Retrieved Text: The idea for the “Drake tourniquet” was known to have come from Dr. Allcock, and allowed patients with unclippable aneurysms (as determined by Drake during exploratory surgery) to be monitored awake on the angiography table while undergoing basilar artery occlusion.
The objective of a paper was to report a rare complication of basilar artery (BA) tourniquet treatment of a giant basilar tip aneurysm, and to discuss possible causes for the formation of a de novo giant posterior cerebral artery (PCA) aneurysm. A 34-year-old woman underwent satisfactory treatment of a ruptured giant basilar bifurcation aneurysm by BA ligation (Drake tourniquet) in 1985. She presented 25 years later with a new aneurysm in the left PCA, successfully treated by coil embolization. To the authors' knowledge, this is the first case of de novo aneurysm formation on a PCA, and the first de novo aneurysm reported as a complication of BA ligation therapy by Drake tourniquet. Long-term follow-up is necessary in patients with treated cerebral aneurysms, particularly those occurring in young patients, those with multiple aneurysms, those with complex posterior circulation aneurysms, and those undergoing flow diversion or flow-altering therapies 1).
Martinez-Perez R, Pelz DM, Lownie SP. De novo giant posterior cerebral artery aneurysm developing 25 years after basilar bifurcation aneurysm treatment using a Drake tourniquet: case report and implications for aneurysm follow-up. J Neurosurg. 2018 Apr;128(4):1028-1031. doi: 10.3171/2016.11.JNS161740. Epub 2017 May 5. PubMed PMID: 28474993.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 60.24154
Retrieved Text: Hair Biology has always interested me and no matter where I look I can never find the appropriate answer to my question. Now I understand that African American hair has a curly follicle, which is what produces the curly hair texture as in many ethnic groups, but how come African Americans are essentially the only ethnic group with coarse curly hair? I don't mean to be rude while asking this question, but it has always been of interest to me. I want to understand the genetics behind it.
Having an interest in understanding our differences isn't rude at all!
Hair texture is just one of the many obvious physical differences that exist between ethnic groups. Although hair growth rate, size, shape and texture are unique to every person, we can see trends among groups of people.
While genes are likely to be involved in determining these traits, not much is known yet about the actual ones involved. So what is known about hair type?
Hair follicles are tiny pockets in our scalp out of which our hair grows. As you hinted above, the thickness and texture of our hair depends on the size and shape of these follicles. They help to form and contour our hair as it grows.
Our hair thickness results from a combination of both the size of the follicles themselves and how many of them line our scalp. The size of the follicles determines if the individual hair strands are thick or thin. Large follicles produce thick hairs. Small follicles produce thin hairs. It is that simple!
Equally

########
Rank: 29
Score: 60.156242
Retrieved Text: Take the inner diameter of 0.5cm, outside diameter 0.7cm of the newer tourniquet with L root, intercept the appropriate length (around the patient neck l weeks, tourniquet at both ends of the tube to open the outer casing fixed plate at both ends of the small hole of the LCM), and then the gauze band through the tourniquet, the knot in the outer casing fixed plate at both ends of the small hole, elastic to be able to insert a finger appropriate.
1. The surface of the tourniquet is smooth, even if it is stained with secretions, it is easy to clean with the ethanol cotton ball, which can effectively prevent bacteria from reproducing.
2. Because the tourniquet is a rubber product with good elasticity and smooth surface, it can effectively reduce the pressure and friction between the gauze belt and the neck, and enhance the awareness of the patient's comfort.
3. This method is easy to clean, easy to disinfect, and can effectively reduce the gauze belt and neck pressure and friction, so do not need to pad gauze, while the tourniquet can be soaked disinfection, repeated use, to some extent, reduce the patient's economic burden and hospital costs.
4. The use of this method does not need to pad the gauze, the fixed tracheotomy sleeve of the wonderful gauze belt replacement cycle has been greatly prolonged, so that nurses in the tracheotomy nursing workload has decreased, work efficiency has increased.

================



======= Instance Index 4343 =========
Input Text: If a description of a situation begins like this: [header] How to install a sony walkman mp3 player [title] Connect your sony walkman mp3 player to your computer using a usb cable. [title] Wait for your computer to recognize the mp3 player. [step] The device setup wizard will display on-screen after your mp3 player is detected, and you can begin using your mp3 player.... Then how
does it continue? 

Ending 1: Alternatively, you can use debug. [title] Connect your walkman mp3 player to your computer.

Ending 2: [substeps] If the device setup wizard doesn't pop up after connecting the walkman to your computer, proceed with the following steps to download and install necessary software drivers. [title] Navigate to sony's support website at http: // esupport.

Ending 3: [title] Change your gaming settings by selecting " system preferences " at the upper left corner of the screen and selecting " secondary settings. [step] After doing so, select " ps2 " from the list of options that appear.

Ending 4: [title] Turn off the device on which you want the mp3 player installed. [step] If you use the usb cable to save the installation file, wait 1 second and then turn off the device.

Target Text: Ending 2

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 109.62727
Retrieved Text: After the correct drivers are installed, you among the first to get the latest Sony news in your inbox. Vinyl for the most part escaped the ‘ loudness war’. This tool will download update the correct Sony Walkman MP3 driver versions automatically protecting you against installing the wrong Walkman MP3 drivers.
There’ s another much more important reason why vinyl is better than anything else. Most music services, such as the market- leading Spotify. Music streaming services are becoming the main medium through which many of us listen to music. Or would this have to be done by a new headunit? ★ ★ IQmango★ ★ introduces the best free software downloads in the following categories: MP3 & Audio software iTunes & iPod tools, video & DVD utilities pying Status: Public Domain.
Sony Walkman as MTP mode is not recognizing. What actual changes have been made to ATRAC over the years?
★ ★ IQmango★ ★ introduces the best free software downloads in the following categories: MP3 & Audio software iTunes & iPod tools, video & DVD utilities more. Sony walkman mp3 device driver. Drivers Video Software MP3.
ICoolsoft DVD to Sony Media Converter can convert DVD movie to Sony device supported media types like MP4, H. So to ensure that they’ re getting the proper sound quality that I’ ve come to be known for I am sure to use top of the line effects processors on my guitars to add the perfect amount of high frequency hiss. Apr 18 much more important, · There’ s another reason why vinyl is

########
Rank: 1
Score: 109.29283
Retrieved Text: The waterproof and dust-proof sports Walkman can handle any sporting and weather condition.
You get to exercise hard without any interruptions, this waterproof headphones are lightweight, perfectly wrap around your head whether you are in a poll or on the track.Most MP3 players aren t built to be thrown into a pool and even less are built to survive a long lasting workout.Description: Workout in style while listening to your favorite tunes on the Sony Walkman NWZW273 Waterproof Sports MP3 Player.All of them led to failure and no BIG company has the interest to make headphones waterproof for swimmers.
The new W260 series is an incremental update to the line of small, screen-less MP3 players, which have.They have some of the great quality headphones whether its audio or their durability.
Sony Walkman W273 4gb Waterproof Mp3 Player Manual Sony Walkman NWZ-W273 Black 4GB MP3 Player Waterproof UD in Consumer Electronics, Portable Audio & Headphones, iPods & MP3 Players / eBay. Todo alt text sony ws610 sony nwws413 walkman 4gb waterproof player blackReview This Sony Walkman Is Waterproof But Don T Swim With ItSony Ws610 Waterproof Player Review Beyond The Sea Huffpost UkWaterproof Sports Headphones For Swimming Nwz W273 W274s Sony UsWaterproof Sports Headphones For Swimming Nwz W273 W274s Sony UsSony Walkman Nw Ws413.
Sony Waterproof Walkman - 72 results from brands Gomadic, Sony, products like Sony 4GB Bluetooth Sports Wearable MP3 Player NWWS413LM (Blue), Corporation Sony Walkman NW-WS413 - Headband headphones - 4 GB - black - NWWS413BM, 4GB Bluetooth Sports Wearable MP3 Player - Black (NWZ-WS613BLK) with Sony 32GB

########
Rank: 2
Score: 104.479515
Retrieved Text: View and Download Sony Walkman NWZ- E353 user manual online. Also for: Nwz- e353blue Nwz- e353blk, Walkman nwz- e354, Nwz- e354blk, Nwz- e354blue, Nwz- e353red, Nwz- e354red Walkman nwz- e355. Whether you’ re working playing, relaxing, creating Sony’ s wide range of electronics combines innovative technology with sleek design. ( 4GB) Walkman Digital Music Player. 本サービスは、 ソニー製品の取扱説明書、 付属印刷物等のすべてを網羅するものではありません。 Sony walkman s615f manual. ソニー製品取扱説明書ダウンロードサービス利用上のご注意. Walkman NWZ- E353 MP3 Player pdf manual download.
Stereo Audio Adaptor for SONY Walkman with WM- Port to connect the MP3 Device to your Hifi Stereo / Soundsystem over 3 5mm Jack - compatible for E445 S544 NWZ- X1050 NWZ- S545 E- Serie NWZ- E464 463 NWZ- S764 NWZ- Z1050 NWZ- Z1060 NWZ- F805 NWZ- F805 NWZ- F806 NWZ- E575.
View and Download Sony WALKMAN NWZ- E353 quick start manual online. Sony MP3 Player User Manual.
WALKMAN NWZ- E353 MP3 Player pdf manual download. Also for: Nwz- e353blk, Nwz- e353blue, Nwz- e353red, Walkman nwz- e354, Nwz- e354blk, Nwz- e354blue, Nwz- e354red, Nwze354b, Nwze355b, Nwze355r,.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 97.18398
Retrieved Text: Sony walkman nw e002f user manual. Digital Music Player.
Also for: Walkman nw- wm1z.
View and Download Sony Walkman NW- E013 quick start manual online. 1GB WALKMAN MP3 player with direct USB and 3 line LCD colour screen.
Walkman NW- E013 MP3 Player pdf manual download. Also for: Walkman nw- e013f, Walkman nw- e015, Walkman nw- e015f, Walkman nw- e016, Walkman nw- e016f. View and Download Sony WALKMAN NW- WM1A help manual online.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 96.67001
Retrieved Text: Best Buy customers often prefer the following products when searching for Sharp Mp3 Player.
Browse the top-ranked list of Sharp Mp3 Player below along with associated reviews and opinions.
"Very nice and sharp colors....I wanted a reliable MP3 player for a meditation program I use daily, but knew, based on previous experience, that most of the cheaper MP3 players are junk that break after very little normal use"
"Very nice and sharp colors."
"Wish the MP3 player was a little smaller and lighter but overall a good product, a little pricey for what it is but not a very big selection on the market and its water resistant so good for a runner like me...Love this SanDisk best investment for a wireless bluetooth mp3 player, plenty of storage over 8000 plus songs with plenty of space available, l have a Sony Walkman over 7 yrs old only 8 gigs and this thing blows it out of the park"
Get motivated for your daily workout with this SanDisk Clip Sport Plus wearable MP3 player. Bluetooth technology lets you connect wireless headsets, and the water-resistant design is ideal for outdoor use. Featuring a 16GB memory and built-in FM radio, this SanDisk Clip Sport Plus wearable MP3 player gives you a range of listening options.
Crank up your favorite playlist with this SanDisk Clip Sport Plus wearable MP3 player. The large LCD screen makes it easy to choose your songs, and the long-lasting battery delivers up to 20 hours of playback. Featuring 16GB of memory, this SanDisk Clip Sport Plus wearable MP3 player holds up

########
Rank: 5
Score: 95.00537
Retrieved Text: Interesting Finds Updated Daily. You need to be a member in order to leave a comment. Find information and receive instant notifications sony nw-e your product. We recommend downloading and installing nw-e latest version of one of the following browsers: Hey ,Try to use different USB port. Find information and receive instant notifications about your product. Find information and receive instant notifications about your product.
Frequently Asked Questions about Bluetooth for audio products. How can i use my walkman normally.
I run XP Pro and I am the administrator. THANK STUGE, I sony walkman nw-e005 the sony walkman nw-e005 driver, and tryed installing it, it tells me the correct driver is allready installed and that i do not need to install it again, why cant my computer find nw-e0005 driver then???
Visit nw-e Community and share your experiences and solutions with other Sony customers.
Firefox Download the latest version. Never miss an update again! Music information editing on PC. Nw-e information and receive instant notifications about your product.
Useful solution for Walkman nw-e computer. If you are a user who sony nw-e change your audiofiles in your MP3 player this product is not for you.
Internet Explorer Download the latest version. Chrome Download the latest version.
Battery life — continuous playback music h. Posted January 14, Can anyone please help me. Contact support Contact your Sony Support team.
Which is the correct folder to install the driver files? You zony reporting the following post: Support by Sony Nw-e App.
Register your product Get access to all sony walkman nw-e005, keep your product up to date

########
Rank: 6
Score: 94.24594
Retrieved Text: Sony’s Walkman line has come a long way since it first debuted way back in 1979 in Japan, and the latest iteration isn’t just taking aim at other MP3 players, it’s setting its sights on the iPod Touch.
The Walkman turned from CD player to MP3 player a few years ago, but it’s only now that Sony is adding apps to the equation. Dubbed the Walkman Z1000, the Japanese electronics maker’s latest model runs Google’s Android mobile operating system and can handle Android apps, just as Apple’s iPod Touch can run apps from the iTunes App Store.
The Z1000 has a few other nifty tricks, as well. It’s slightly bigger than an iPod Touch, sporting a 4.3-inch screen, according to the story at TechCrunch. It also supports Sony’s DLNA capabilities, meaning it can share its media with other Sony devices, including TVs. That can mean listening to music or watching movies from your Walkman on your TV, for example. And if you don’t have a Sony DLNA TV, that’s okay, too. The Z1000 includes a microHDMI port, so with the right cable you can still watch stuff saved on your Walkman on a big screen.
Sony is showing off the new device at CES 2012 in Las Vegas this week. It’s not brand new – Sony actually rolled out the Z1000 in Japan back in September – but only now is the new Walkman making its way across the Pacific to U.S. shores and beyond. From the sounds of things, the Walkman will run Android 2.3 Gingerbread, and not

########
Rank: 7
Score: 93.656006
Retrieved Text: If you found this page, you probably have a problem and you need a user manual for the device Sony MD Walkman MZ-E90. Be sure to check that it is the user manual to exactly the device that you are looking for. In our database Sony MD Walkman MZ-E90 it belongs to the category MP3 Player. A user manualSony MD Walkman MZ-E90 is taken from the manufacturer, a Sony company - it is an official document, so if you have any doubts as to its contents, please contact the manufacturer of the device Sony MD Walkman MZ-E90 directly. You can view the user manualSony MD Walkman MZ-E90 directly online or save and store it on your computer.
case, and close the lid.
the adaptor plug itself; never pull the cord.
Do not try to recharge dry batteries.
short-circuit and can be dangerous.
volume may damage your hearings.
remote control, and the power goes off.
to put it in the supplied carrying pouch.
Center or Factory Service Center.
press x, the lamp goes off.
This mark is valid for Russia only.
battery used to power this product.
the cord to be replaced.
direction of the arrow .
b Put the player on a stable place.
located on the floor of the disc compartment.
the player on house current.
b Close the lid and slide the lock.
The OPR lamp on the player lights up and the player starts to play the first track.
When using the remote control, short beep sounds in the headphones.
a while. When using the remote control, a long beep sounds in the headphones.
In addition to the user manual Sony MD Walkman MZ-E90,

########
Rank: 8
Score: 92.55267
Retrieved Text: The W550 is a phone from Sony Ericsson that has the 'Walkman' logo and capabilities.It is music oriented and features Walkman media player and FM radio. The W550 handles multiple file formats including MP3 and AAC. Using PC software from Sony CONNECT, downloaded songs and songs copied from CD's can be transferred to the W550. The W550 can store up to ten full length CDs or between 80 and 120 songs depending on bit rate.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 91.84238
Retrieved Text: Sony just slashed the ticket price of the exclusive high-resolution audio club with its cheapest HR Walkman to date. Small enough for your top pocket, with NFC connectivity and superior sound, can an MP3 player fend off the smartphones? Find out in our Sony Walkman NWZ-A15 review.
From vinyl, to CD to MP3, the market has always chosen convenience over quality, so by pushing high-resolution audio, it looks like Sony is onto looser here. And if the world of lossless music formats wasn't confusing enough for the consumer, selling a separate playback device to the smartphone generation is going to be an even tougher pitch.
Nonetheless, as the smallest, lightest and cheapest device to date, the Sony Walkman NWZ-A15 could be the player that takes high-resolution audio to the masses. It's certainly a very different price point from the £1,000 Astell & Kern AK120 II and thanks to a microSD slot it is better equipped than Sony's own Walkman NWZ-F886.
And while Sony's previous entry-level device failed to convince us put down our iPhone 5, the NWZ-A15 has the style, skills and price tag to justify carrying a separate gadget.
Being smaller than any smartphone at 44 x 109 x 9mm gives this Walkman the advantage of true shirt-pocket portability and weighing just 66g means you will never begrudge taking it along for the ride.
It also looks rather appealing in its steel casing with a colour display showing album artwork and scrolling song lyrics. What isn't clear from the pictures is that it also feels a little insubstantial making the

########
Rank: 10
Score: 91.2303
Retrieved Text: If you found this page, you probably have a problem and you need a user manual for the device Sony Walkman Nwz-W262meb NWZW262MEB. Be sure to check that it is the user manual to exactly the device that you are looking for. In our database Sony Walkman Nwz-W262meb NWZW262MEB it belongs to the category MP3 Player. A user manualSony Walkman Nwz-W262meb NWZW262MEB is taken from the manufacturer, a Sony company - it is an official document, so if you have any doubts as to its contents, please contact the manufacturer of the device Sony Walkman Nwz-W262meb NWZW262MEB directly. You can view the user manualSony Walkman Nwz-W262meb NWZW262MEB directly online or save and store it on your computer.
In addition to the user manual Sony Walkman Nwz-W262meb NWZW262MEB, we also provide a support panel to help you solve your problems with Sony Walkman Nwz-W262meb NWZW262MEB. If you have any questions, you can ask them in the form below. Other users viewing this website will have the opportunity to help you solve your probem with Sony Walkman Nwz-W262meb NWZW262MEB. Remember that you can also share the solution. If you solved the problem yourself, please write the solution to the problem with Sony Walkman Nwz-W262meb NWZW262MEB - you will surely help many users by doing so.
If you want to help others find a solution to their problem concerning the device Sony Walkman Nwz-W262meb NWZW262MEB, insert a link to the user manual at your website/forum or simply send it to a friend.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 90.28266
Retrieved Text: Mp3 Player Kindertauglich. how to reset mp3 and mp4 players. buy sony walkman b183 4 gb mp3 player black free delivery currys. metal lcd screen mp3 music player portable clip mini mp3 player with micro tf sd slot high. mini hott mu1037 bluetooth mp3 player 8gb clip mp3 music player portable sport pedometer fm. 17 best mp3 players for 2017 reviews of top mp3 player brands. samsung q2 4gb mp3 player black samq2bk4g electronics zavvi. nextar ma933a 5bl 512 mb digital mp3 player black home audio theater. agptek c05 bluetooth mp3 player review youtube. sony nwz e585 scheda tecnica e recensione tecnozoom. mini mp3 player with display free shipping. [Bangsandbeardcomics.com].

########
Rank: 12
Score: 89.28881
Retrieved Text: Nov 3, 2016 We commissioned three teams of musicians to capture the tragic opera that We explained that we didn't want to make fun of these politicians. Feb 21, 2017 Are you looking for a budget-friendly MP3 player? control pad making it easy to change volume, as well as select new music. Add in a 25-hour battery life and you've discovered a well-built, well-priced budget MP3 player. Buy Time / Life: Read 13 Digital Music Reviews - Amazon.com. Buy CD + free MP3 album .99 Glad Carla Bley and LMO are continuing the cause.
Feb 7, 2017 There's no one-size-fits-all MP3 or Portable Media Player (PMP) that's even stream music from Tidal and Spotify there's something to suit most budgets. with class-leading sound, making it one of the best high-res players for the money. The Sony NWZ-A17 offers outrageously good battery life, decent. Life's What You Make It: Placebo: Amazon.co.uk: MP3 Downloads. your purchase of the CD album to save the MP3 version to your Amazon music library. The clickable control pad on the front of iPod shuffle makes it easy to see and use the music controls — play, pause, forward, or back. Click, click, click. It's music. 4d be parda L word peter greenaway Козаки игра microsoft office blackshot hotspot shield порно с конем music mp3 india stif lшау. Download the 2017 Mutual album below or on the music player. . in high school so it's my time to decide where to go to school Walkman is a Sony brand tradename originally used for portable

########
Rank: 13
Score: 89.1867
Retrieved Text: Sony Walkman NWZ-W252BLK Digital player flash 1.68 GB brings an inspiring soundtrack to your workout. This streamlined, one-piece construction and water-resistant design is perfect for activities that work up a sweat like gym, trail or treadmill. It is a quick-charging music player that even with just a three-minute quick charge with its included USB cable, it offers up to 90 minutes of battery life (up to 11 hours with full charge). Sony Walkman W series features a true-to-life sound and deep bass, thus, providing an all-in-one solution that delivers the audio quality that everybody expect from Sony. What makes this walkman outstanding is that it enables you to do workouts without the hassle of wires. Sony Walkman W series comes with a unique spiral form that comfortably floats on the back of your neck that provides a hands-free, cord-free, and without distraction, whether you're at the gym or working out outdoors.
The walkman has a built-in sound-isolating 13.5mm EX headphones that can be adjusted for fit with the three included pairs of earbuds. With the use of its ZAPPIN feature, you can easily navigate through your song collection to be able to find the perfect music to match your pace. You may also use the Jog Dial key to scroll and select your ideal track without the need for buttons. Sony Walkman W series supports MP3, AAC, WMA (DRM), and WMT audio formats. It comes with 50 free music downloads from Sony Music upon purchase of this player. You can also choose through www.SonyMusicPass.com hundreds of thousands

########
Rank: 14
Score: 88.66589
Retrieved Text: Just have a look at the inset photo of the Sony Walkman Core. You see a small, beautiful but yet powerful MP3 player with built-in FM Tuner. When I first saw this Sony MP3 player, I see a sleek and powerful MP3 player loaded with features. In itself, the A608 looks fun with a slim body that can be easily be worn on a neckstrap or slipped into a pocket.
The coolest part of the MP3 player to me is its Organic Electro Luminescent (OEL) display. When the player is not in use, the body is a plain smooth run of the colour (unlike the horrid normal LCD screens). When you switch it on, words (song title, FM frequency, menu, etc) are brilliantly lit from within.
Transferring of music from your desktop computer or laptop is done through a USB 2.0 connection with the included USB cable. As this is a USB 2.0 connection, the data transfer is expected to be fast and convenient. This method of transferring is a slight product drawback as owners need to carry along an extra cable.
Priced at RM799 (US$217), this beauty will give Apple’s iPod Nano 2GB which is priced at RM939 (US$255) a run for its money. The obvious difference between this two models are: A608 has FM Tuner and iPod Nano has a colour screen.
When will Sony release the NW-A608 in the US?
Hi Alistair, I’m not sure when it would be released in the US but you can opt for the 505series although it’s a 512MB storage MP3 player. Priced

########
Rank: 15
Score: 88.49949
Retrieved Text: FreeRIP MP3 Converter is an advanced CD to MP3 Converter that comes packed with features. At its core, FreeRIP MP3 Converter reads audio from your CDs and allows you to save them to your computer in a variety of digital formats including WMA, MP3, Ogg, Wav, or FLAC audio files (this process is known as CD ripping or CD to MP3 conversion). Converting your CD audio collection to digital audio files is a breeze with FreeRIP MP3 Converter: download and install FreeRIP MP3 Converter, put your audio CD into your computer’s CD drive, run FreeRIP MP3 Converter and click on the Rip button.
Once you have your digital audio tracks saved in your preferred format, it’s easy to load them to your favorite audio player (e.g. a portable MP3 player such as an Apple iPod™, Creative Zen Player™ or Sony Walkman™). You can also move tracks to an advanced mobile phone, or burn them to a MP3 CD’s to listen in your MP3 car stereo, home stereo or Discman™.
FreeRIP MP3 Converter supports the high quality, lossless compression named FLAC, which is widely used and supported by audiophiles. If you want to be sure to save all the richest details in your audio tracks, save them in the FLAC format.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 88.240105
Retrieved Text: And a ritual be aware for command-reign customers: As a part of coordinating this launch with Dave, I've lastly fastened this system return codes in mp3achieve.exe to standardize anything everybody else in the world does. so as of model 1.4.6, zero mechanism , and non-zero channel negligence.
If the MP3 player device as a USB landslide Storage device, you'll be able to transfer information just by plugging it voguish the computer and dragging the files from its listing to where you want them. otherwise, you may want to make use of no matter application came the MP3 player.
Sony Walkman NWZ-A17silverStandalone MP3 players are still in request, and the NWZ-A17 Walkman is a transportable player that features up to 3zero hours of life whereas playing full 24-/192kHz excessive-resolution music.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 87.24592
Retrieved Text: Sydney - 18 June 2010 - Sony Australia expands its MP3 Player range with the launch of the water resistant and washable Walkman W series and compact bass boosting Walkman B series.
Just like its predecessor, the Walkman W series is suitable for use in active sports with the unique cordless design offering a comfortable fit and convenient music playback while exercising. With the addition of its water resistant and washable feature, users can enjoy listening to their favourite tracks while jogging in the rain or simply wash under running water following a sweaty workout.
With no traditional display, the Walkman W series is instead equipped with a unique music navigation interface for quick music browsing, known as ZAPPIN. When activated, the ZAPPIN function helps you find tunes with ease by playing a four or 15 second snippet of each track consecutively in the music library until you find your favourite song.
A Quick Charge feature has been incorporated, benefitting users on-the-go, by providing up to 90 minutes of music playback with just a three minute charge. A full charge of 90 minutes provides up to 11 hours of playback time.
Music transfers with the Walkman W series are simple and hassle free - the included Content Transfer software allows you to easily transfer your music files directly from Windows Explorer or iTunes® to the Walkman with its simple drag-and-drop interface.
The Walkman W series comes in four colours of white, black, pink and lime green and will be available in Australia from May 2010.
Incorporating a new metallic design, the Walkman

########
Rank: 18
Score: 87.05489
Retrieved Text: A little over thirty years ago, Sony introduced a gadget that would change the landscape of the portable stereo market. Now, its time has come to an end.
Introduced in 1979 in the form of Sony’s TPS-L2, the cassette Walkman was designed to be the world’s first inexpensive portable stereo system. Eventually, Sony added recording features, making the Walkman a very capable and versatile device.
Sony eventually adapted the “Walkman” brand to other devices, including personal CD players, Mini-Disc portable stereos, and even digital media players where the name continues to be used today.
But while the death of the cassette Walkman wasn’t unexpected, taking place the day before the very device that added to its demise is a little ironic.
Sony has officially ended the production of portable cassette players just one day before Apple first introduced the game-changing iPod to the world.
On October 23, 2001, Apple introduced an easy-to-use and fashionable hard-drive based media player that has grown to such a success, it’s now easily the most popular media player on the planet.
Given the low cost of mp3 players – not to mention the ridiculous tiny sizes they’re reaching – we can’t imagine many people would be using a cassette walkman.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 86.84833
Retrieved Text: For months I’ve been looking for an MP3 player that’s small, discrete, good quality but not Apple. I initially thought about getting one of the small Apple shuffles, however, my dislike of iTunes put me off that pretty quickly – I’m more of a simple drag and drop kind of girl – I have the power!
As I was growing up, I was always saving my pocket money to buy the latest Sony Walkman – cue nostalgia – and due to the quality of Sony back then, I would normally have got something that was pretty good every time, as they just lasted! In fact, I think I still own my slim metal cassette Walkman! So as you can imagine, when I was offered a couple of players to review, I jumped at the chance.
The first MP3 player I tried was the W252 Wearable Walkman (in pink). This player is a wireless headset with built in MP3. My first impressions of the MP3 player were average – It didn’t excite me. It’s not the most attractive product Sony have produced, however I can see why this would work for sports enthusiasts. I decided to put on the headset and tackle a day of housework and I have to say, as far as anything active goes, this player is great although it’s not the kind of thing I would wear on the tube to work. I found the controls a little fiddly at first as this was a new concept for me – I found it hard to

########
Rank: 20
Score: 86.84141
Retrieved Text: The steps below solve most issues using compatible MP3 players with Rhapsody 6.
Do not connect your Android, iPhone, iPod Touch, iPad, or Windows phone to our software. Use our mobile app instead. Rhapsody is not compatible with iPod Nano, iPod Shuffle, iPod Classic, Sony Walkman, or Philips MP3 players.
Having trouble with our old software, Rhapsody 4? See the Rhapsody 4 guide here.
2. Check for updates for Rhapsody 6 by closing and reopening it. Updates appear in the upper right corner.
2. Do not plug your phone into Rhapsody’s software. Use our mobile app instead.
7. Uninstall Rhapsody 6 from Add / Remove Programs and reinstall it.
DRM on your computer, and reformat your Sansa.
client problems with the DRM.
First, disconnect your MP3 player from the PC.
Run "Command Prompt" as Administrator.
Next, run the Rhapsody app. You should get a dialog to update Windows Media components. Click "Upgrade Now". When complete, click "Restart Now" to restart your computer.
NOTE: this will erase everything on it.
be able to sync successfully.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 86.40445
Retrieved Text: This package supports the following driver models:Net MD SONY MEMORY P-AUDIO Sony Network Walkman Sony Memory Stick Drive Sony MGMS Reader/Writer.Use the links on this page to download the latest version of Sony Net MD drivers. All drivers available for download have been scanned by antivirus program.使用OS：Windows 98SE(日本語版)/Windows Me(日本語版)/Windows 2000(日本語版)/Windows XP(日本語版) ダウンロードの手順 以下のファイルを、任意のディレクトリにダウンロードしてください。.NETMD™ Walkman® Digital Music Player Microsoft® Windows Vista™ Compatible Driver for Net MD™ and Hi-MD® Walkman® Players. 03/04/2007.Problem Fixed with this NetMD (Net MD) driver for Windows 7 64 bit! This works for Sony NetMD players and Sony HiMD players. Windows 7 pro 64 bit users don't need to go in XP mode to get their NetMD.Net MD Simple Burner Ver. 1.1 for Net MD Walkman 3-253-608-11(2) How to Install 4 On Windows XP, click [Net MD Simple Burner] in the “Currently Installed MD is connected and a disc is inserted, the Net MD driver may not be correctly installed. Go to the [USB Controller] in Windows Device Manager window to verify.The Driver Update Tool – is a utility that contains more than 27 million official drivers for all hardware, including net md walkman driver.
But when updateing the driver on the Net MD device, I continue to get the error: Device can not be installed; driver can not be found. The Folder contains "C:\Users\Downloads\NETMDRH1 Windows 7 64 Bit\netmd760.cat".Venez et téléchargez pilotes pour net md walkman sony mz n505 gratuitement. Téléchargements rapides. Le Téléchargement Direct via HTTP est disponible.Net MD Walkman - free driver download driver-category list It could be sensible not to accept a

########
Rank: 22
Score: 85.77777
Retrieved Text: Sony is to revamp its famous Walkman by launching a digital music player to rival Apple's iPod, which has led the market since its 2001 launch.
Sony said its 20-gigabyte device would be about £55 cheaper than the top iPod model, which has 40 gigabytes.
It is also aiming to boost use of its online music store Sony Connect, as its Walkman will play songs only in the company's own format.
The Walkman hits Japan on 10 July, the US in August and Europe by September.
Last year Sony announced it was cutting 20,000 jobs as part of restructuring to deal with sliding profits.
Sony said its Network Walkman NW-HD1 would sell for less than $400 (£219) in the US.
This compares with $499 (£274) for the highest capacity iPod.
Sony says its device can hold 13,000 songs while Apple boasts the iPod can store 10,000 songs.
But the two firms use different recording technologies which make like for like comparisons difficult.
The Sony device will be incompatible with other online stores and cannot play tunes in the popular MP3 format.
It is slightly larger than a credit card and less than half an inch thick. Sony said the battery lasted 30 hours, at least three times longer than the iPod.
Sony hopes to rival Apple's hugely successful iPod It also promised shock-resistant technology that protected the hard drive if dropped.
Launched to mark the 25th anniversary of the original Walkman cassette player, Sony said it had used advanced compression technology to pack more songs in a smaller storage space.
It uses a 20-gigabyte hard-drive, compared with Apple's highest

########
Rank: 23
Score: 85.328186
Retrieved Text: Superior Sound Quality: Enjoy your favourite music on the move with the Sony Walkman MP3 player. Superior technology is meant to make your life easier. With just a push of a button, enjoy the deep bass and vibrant acoustics of your music from this MP3 player. It is equipped with Bass Boost sound effect and a 5 band equaliser for customized musical pleasures. Engineered with USB 2.0 technology, you can easily connect it to your laptop or PC and transfer your music files to it. It has a RAM of 4 MB and internal storage capacity of 4 GB. The internal memory is vast enough to store hundreds of your songs and music tracks.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 85.27371
Retrieved Text: Apart from the basic converting function, 4Easysoft DVD to PS3 Converter also possesses strong editing functions. Adjust output video and audio effect, attach watermarks for video, crop video play region and get any part of DVD movie. Select the exact profile and settings to full fit for your player.
4Easysoft DVD to PS3 Converter convert DVD to PSP MPEG-4, H.264, AVI, MPG, TS, H.264 HD, DivX, DivX HD, HD MPEG-4, H.264/MPEG-4 AVC, WMV video for PS3, PSP, PSP 3000.
Using 4Easysoft DVD to PS3 Converter, you can also extract audio from DVD and convert to AAC, MP3, M4A audio formats.
4Easysoft DVD to PS3 Converter supports all commercial DVDs, including DVD with the restriction of CSS, Region, RCE, Sony ARccOS.
4Easysoft DVD to PS3 Converter allows you to adjust video Brightness, Contrast, Saturation and Volume to meet your need. For interlaced DVD, checking Deinterlacing can avoid mosaic. Checking “Apply to all”, all these video effect setting apply to all your selected contents.
4Easysoft DVD to PS3 Converter allows you to adjust the video play region and zoom mode of your video for you to get the perfect video visual effect for your player.
It is convenient to get various formats from DVD to PS3 in only one click.
Provide Watermark function to attach images or texts on your video, you will have something new to taste.
For your convenience, 4Easysoft DVD to PS3 Converter provides you the way to save the video and audio settings as “User Defined” profile for your later use.
4Easysoft DVD to PS3 Converter completely support dual core CPU, and provides

########
Rank: 25
Score: 84.866714
Retrieved Text: IT was strangely ironic that the very first track to be loaded on this latest incarnation of the famous Sony Walkman, the Network Walkman if you please, was Billy Connolly leading a diatribe on the Last Supper, because some of the initial difficulties I had loading up the software and getting everything in place had me call for divine intervention at one stage.
These initial difficulties are not solely Sony’s fault, but can be shared by every manufacturer of any digital device today, be it a digital camera or an MP3 player. In my case it was because my computer at work sports either the wrong operating system, forms part of an office network or is overburdened with too much software. Either way after four or five attempts I gave up and managed to get it right on my computer at home. The same complaint can be applied to Apple with its iPod and the constant upgrades that it requires. A recent installation of iPod’s software took me at least three hours. Simply put, technology manufacturers have yet to master making technology simple.
When I got home and installed the software for Sony’s Network Walkman, the installation was faultless and within minutes the not-so-dulcet tones of a Billy Connolly in full flight had me in stitches whilst struggling to concentrate on getting to grips with the HD-5.
Once finally installed, Sony’s flagship music manager software Sonic Stage is elegance in itself. Simply load in a CD of choice and the music — or the insane rant of a scraggly

########
Rank: 26
Score: 84.00787
Retrieved Text: Downloads that updated daily. Voice Changer Software DIAMOND 9. Voice Changer Software DIAMOND. Most popular freeware audio editors Microsoft XP, shareware recorders for your PC computer, Mac OS, Vista Windows7 etc.
Download our apps. 3d mp3 sound recorder 3 9 free download.
Only the best freeware sound editing software downloads that available totally free , shareware apps hand- picked by the ee music making software is a comprehensive list of the best music creating for a trial period. 5 Powerful voice changer for online chatting role- playing games , Andriod, voicviding Free Software Downloads for Windows IoS. 0 Audacity is a free audio editor.
Enjoy a faster way to capture edit share your video. You can record sounds import , Ogg Vorbis, AIFF, MP3 files, export WAV, play sounds more. Pinnacle Studio video editing software is used by over 13 million people.
Buy Tangmi Professional Multifunctional Rechargeable 8G 8GB 650HR Digital Audio Voice Recorder Dictaphone MP3 Player with 3D Sound ( Black) : Digital Voice Recorders - FREE DELIVERY possible on eligible purchases. MP3 ( formally MPEG- 1 Audio Layer III or MPEG- 2 Audio Layer III) is a coding format for digital audio. Originally defined as the third audio format of the MPEG- 1 standard, it was retained and further extended [ by whom? ] — defining additional bit- rates and support for more audio channels— as the third audio format of the subsequent MPEG- 2 standard.
A third version, known as MPEG 2. 5— duct Features.
RECORDING: With this sound recorder, you don' t have to hit the. Software Free

########
Rank: 27
Score: 83.94811
Retrieved Text: The instructions above apply to this type of jogger headphone. Click on the photo to the left to go to the auction on ebay. Not all jogger headphones are created equal.... The instructions above apply to this type of jogger headphone. Click on the photo to the left to go to the auction on ebay. Not all jogger headphones are created equal.
Connect the Dive to your computer with the USB cable. Please use the cable that came with the headphones, since other USB cables may be wired for charging only, and will not work. 3. Your Dive will now pop up in your explorer folder overview as a new drive. Total capacity is about 991 MB. 4. Now you simply drag-and-drop the MP3 files from their location onto the Dive, or you �... The MI-SPORT V2 is a set of sweatproof, rainproof and wireless sports headphones with an integrated 8GB text to speech mp3 player to read your personalised playlists/album names to you. Upgradeable to a fully waterproof mp3 player for swimming using the silicone skin accessory.
Bluedio is a relatively new and dynamic headphone brand, which has become rather popular too quickly, given that its models feature some impressive high-tech capabilities, modern design and robust built, but they are nonetheless priced extremely competitively, and in fact all its models cost below $100 (per pair) � which is 3 to 4 times how to connect to a network server windows 10 8GB Premium Mp3 player built into wire-free sports headphones. Headphones arrive Preloaded with hundreds of professionally

########
Rank: 28
Score: 83.872185
Retrieved Text: Back in1999 Sony introduced its first DAP, the Sony Music Clip. Yes Virginia, Sony beat Apple to this space by a couple of years - and they failed, even without the iPod as a competitior. That's because Sony's players did not play the MP3 format, only Sony's proprietary ATRAC format.
ATRAC was a more modern and thus superior codec than MP3, but those digitally plugged in before the new millenium already assembled their budding collections with MP3. Those who bought the Music Clip found out the hard way that they would have to transcode all those MP3s to ATRAC to play them. Users instead returned the $300 player and bought something else. Sales were so bad Sony dropped out of the DAP market for a couple of years. When they returned after the success of the iPod, the company again sold ATRAC players, but they now played the MP3 format too. Owners used MP3.
That's why Sony's latest portables, the NWZ-A810 and NWZ-S610 series players, have dropped ATRAC altogether. The new players will use WMA as their DRM-capable codec, ironically jumping to the PlaysForSure codec that format's creator Microsoft dumped for Zune. The AAC codec is also supported.
In related news Sony is closing the Connect service, the latest failure in that company's attempt to unseat iTunes and also the death of the only store that sold ATRAC music files. It looks like ATRAC is indeed dead, though Sony putting its investment in another fading DRM scheme, PlaysForSure, just illustrates how tough the future will continue to be for

########
Rank: 29
Score: 83.67413
Retrieved Text: Just ffmpeg of the video, paste it to the field by the side of savebomb and coerce obtain. you may also select the standard of the mp3.
You will need to have a Micro SD card reader to hook up to your laptop. After phrases you simply reproduction the mp3 article or no matter format it's to the cardboard then eject it.
Then I used wholesale to generate random bytes, zero to 2fifty five, into a byte worthy the identical measurement as the audio bytes inside a body and initially contasurrounded bysurrounded byg these audio bytes prior to altering all of them. Then appended the frame header and new audio bytes together an output superior and over the new record(Of Byte()). And if the checkbox is check then Button4 code donate output that information to an MP3 line. Which mp3gain had no subject enjoying the MP3 pole although it just seems like a mixture of Dolphcontained by/Whale/Birdchirps or something.
Sony Walkman NWZ-A17silverStandalone MP3 gamers are still inside demand, and the NWZ-A17 Walkman is a transportable participant that options up to 3zero hours of battery-operated life while enjoying to the top 2four-/192kHz excessive-resolution music.
Tired of reaching in your volume button each being your mp3 participant adjustments to a brand new track? MP3acquire analyzes and adjusts mp3 recordsdata in order that they've the same quantity.
You can usedvd ripping softwreto walk heavily dvd to audio format pole after which add to your mp3 player. it is very easy character. If you do not know begin, go to thedvd ripper guide .

================



======= Instance Index 6984 =========
Input Text: If a description of a situation begins like this: [header] How to wear doc martens [title] Wear steel-toed doc martens as work boots. [step] Doc martens were originally designed as work boots, and though there are now more styles, colors, and patterns than before, you can still wear them to work. Select a basic pair of docs, such as the " icon 7b10 steel toe, " and pair them with thick socks and your work uniform.... Then how
does it continue? 

Ending 1: [title] Pair neutral docs with jeans for an everyday style. [step] During those winter months full of rain and snow, doc martens will keep your feet warm and dry.

Ending 2: You'll also need an oxiclean utility, such as steel-toed combat boots. [title] Accessorize with an oxiclean utility.

Ending 3: [substeps] They will help to reduce any irritation to your wrists and fingers. Doc martens are widely available in stores, ranging in price from $50 to a few thousand dollars.

Ending 4: [substeps] Doc martens were designed as work boots, and because of their heavy duty construction, are not commonly worn at work. [title] Opt for cream-heeled boots.

Target Text: Ending 1

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 108.64168
Retrieved Text: It is definitely easier to style the doc Martens in Blair Waldorf inspired look as the roughness of the doc Martens nicely contrasts the refined preppy style of the socialite.
Blair loves colors and short skirts.
Here I picked olive green and fuchsia mix as opposite colors, they work well together.
For the shapes, the waist is defined as the top is cropped. The short lenght of the dress balances the height of the doc Martens boots.
Black a white is always a nice option… but try not too look like you are waitressing, by opening up your shirt, rolling the sleeves and tucking it loosely in the front to reveal the belt buckle.
Add funky earrings, a preppy gingham bag, red lips for the color and voilà!
This trend of matching roughness with frillyness exists since forever (remember Luella Bartley 10 years ago) but I still like it very much.
Pair the boots with a frilly dress or skirt… and then eventually add a preppy colored bag, because you are Blair in the end.
Cropped pants work perfectly with Doc Martens and if you can show a bit of your calves it is even better for proportions.
Here I picked them in a “not so sweet floral print” that matches the rock and roll attitude of the boots.
Finish with a basic top and elegant “bourgeois” earrings that reminds of the pop of red in the pants print.
And you? Do you own Doc Martens shoes? How do you wear them?
I have a metallic pink-goldish pair of new balance sneakers and I would like to know

########
Rank: 1
Score: 105.52059
Retrieved Text: You might recall that one of the items I was lusting after this month was a pair of Doc Martens in black patent leather. Well, I had some gift certificates begging to get used and decided to treat myself. Although I got them a couple of weeks ago, the multiple snow days wouldn’t allow me to wear them. However, now that the sun is back, I decided it was time to break in my shiny Doc Martens boots.
After wearing them for 12 hours straight, I decided that I would share my review and how I was able to break in my new boots. You know what to do; keep reading!
When I first saw these boots, I got the nostalgic vibes of 90s grunge with a current twist. I have a printed floral dress that I always wanted to style with some Doc Martens. Unfortunately, I wasn’t in the mood to test out a “look” while breaking in new shoes. Too much internal questions would consume my day. So, I played it safe with my favorite pair of leggings, an oversized peplum top, and loose fitting black cardigan. A very ‘lax look with grunge undertones.
Once I got to work and started walking around in my laced-up new boots, I noticed that they made a noticeably loud squeaky sound when I walked. It was very annoying and realized with was the leather on the tongue rubbing against the leather of the upper. I quickly resolved this issue by wearing them untied and made me again regret not sizing

########
Rank: 2
Score: 99.5798
Retrieved Text: Dr Martens offers a premium range of men’s safety boots and shoes perfect for a wide range of environments. Our range of Doc Marten shoes includes safety shoes that can be used indoors and outdoors. We offer a choice of black Dr Martens men’s safety shoes. But they’re equally ideal for women and are available in a raft of sizes.
Dr Martens as a brand has always stood out. Not many other shoe brands have been personalised, changed or flashed up like DM shoes. As a nation who have infinite access to the internet, downloads and email, the brand is as popular and lively as ever.
Doc Martens shoes and boots are the classic choice of footwear for the fashion-conscious whilst being ideal for those wanting safety shoes for the workplace.
Let’s face it, Dr Martens footwear has made quite an impact on British culture. Boots and shoes have become a key part of British brands. But the original doctor actually came from Germany, not the UK. That said, it was in the UK that DM shoes transformed from a bog-standard work boot into an iconic fashion piece.
So, who was the brains behind the signature air-cushioned sole? None other than a guy named Dr Klaus Maertens, a German soldier who hurt his foot in a skiing accident. Upset at having to wear the regular WWII army boot, he made it his mission to find a foot-based comfort.
In 1959, Maertens created his own shoe and sold the patent on to a British shoe maker (the Griggs company). A year later,

########
Rank: 3
Score: 98.52926
Retrieved Text: Your product will be shipped to its final destination to arrive in 2 business days or faster.Are Doc Martens boots appropriate for women in their mid-30s.
A 2009 partnership with Raf Simons was an exercise in extremes, offering shiny, gilded pieces alongside simple working class inspired designs.In a recent ecommerce shopping experience, I found myself browsing for a brand-new pair of Dr. Martens. As a subscriber to their newsletter, I was informed that there was a flash sale.
Join the mailing list to get bargains on zipper purses, satchels and socks.Martens is famous for their classic, leather boots, but their new inventory also features trendsetting accessories and fashion gifts, including vegan styles.
The best selection in Canada for top brands including Vans, Converse, Adidas, Toms, Nike, Puma, Supra and more.
Fortunately for the brand, as with many legacy brands in the US and UK, designers wanted to collaborate with Dr.
NEW ARRIVALS Women Men Kids Handbags WOMEN TRENDING BOOTS SHOES SANDALS MEN TRENDING BOOTS SHOES.
Martens boots, see below how some celebrities and models tied their Doc Martens.
Shop Dr. Martens Core 1460 8-Eye Boot at Urban Outfitters today.
Dr. Martens is a British footwear company that, since its creation on 1960, has become linked with decades of youth subculture in England and worldwide.Martens is a celebrated favorite among young and old for their lasting construction, high-quality materials and old-school designs.
Over 100 styles available, including Doc Martens 1460, 1461, Pascal 8-Eye, and more.
Model showing off his laced Doc Martens during London Fashion Week on January 6, 2018.
Dr. Martens are among the more readily recognizable

########
Rank: 4
Score: 97.9309
Retrieved Text: Martens Ironbridge Industrial Steel Toe Work Boots size 10. Color: Black / Gray Brown / Yellow / Red. Does not include original box. The item "Dr Doc Martens Industrial Ironbridge TT Work Boots SZ 10 Mens Steel Toe TecTuff" is in sale since Saturday, November 24, 2018.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 96.42155
Retrieved Text: Stomping an receiver with my old doc martens boots. Stomping an receiver with my old doc martens boots.
nice. i love stomping like this. take your boots and kick at something breaking and crushing to junk.
Saugeiler Stomp, macht geil beim zuschauen.
He soory Nachricht habe ich jetzt erst gesehen, würde sagen lass dich ab September mal blicken.
Danke....wann stompen wir mal zusammen?!
So hot! Wish that was me receiving that booting from your steel caps!

########
Rank: 6
Score: 95.05422
Retrieved Text: Martens' boots, shoes, work shoes, and sandals continue to set workers, and factory workers, it a self-expression if you must. Where the classic style was being used by mailmen, union a individual's unique style who's soon became popular among the. We do not rent, share. Martens, Doc Martens or just Docs there are no limits rather a way of thinking. The continues to thrive, symbolizing individualism, originality, and taps into were split into two groups keep in mind that these. Yes, please subscribe me to all So whether you call. Boys Shoes Clothing Accessories View. Martens doesn't think of itself as a "shoe" brand, martens shop to your creativity and fashion.
Log In Logout My Account receive promotional emails. Sign up for new styles. Yes, please subscribe me to they allow you to feel. Martens, Doc Martens or just Docs there are no limits. We do not rent, share all Las Vegas NV 6pm. Boys Shoes Clothing Accessories View. Martens doesn't think of itself address: Martens's trademark look and shoes, and sandals continue to world-wide since For premier service. But the group taking Garcinia other natural GC extracts, such. Omnivore Shore a recovered vegetarian including notes on the shows. Martens Kid's Collection Dr. Girls Shoes Clothing Accessories View all Martens' boots, shoes, work quality construction has been recognized set the standard for durability, comfort and fashion. It may cause a mild this product again, I really. Thank you for registering.
Shop women's boots, men's boots, kids' shoes, industrial footwear, leather bags and accessories at Dr. Martens official site.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 92.90947
Retrieved Text: Dr. Martens was founded in 1947, and the boots have been a teenage essential for decades. However, recently interest in these boots has spiked once again, as Gigi Hadid has been wearing hers 24/7 and buzzed-about brand Vetements has launched a collaboration with the footwear giant. But what is the best way to wear Dr. Martens in 2017? We rounded up five of our favourite recent outfits showing how to style the clompy boots so they look better than ever.
While we will always love how Agyness Deyn styled hers circa 2006, it's now about wearing them with cropped jeans, puffer jackets and vinyl rather than tutu skirts and short shorts. They look best when paired with cropped black cigarette trousers or a pair of ankle-grazing jeans with a statement kick-flare, such as the Zara jeans above.
We love how singer Laura Hayden wore her patent 8-eyelet boots on stage with a Rockins skinny scarf and high-shine H&M vinyl trousers. Elsewhere, Elle UK Accessories Editor Donna Wallace used her white pair with a denim pinafore dress and sporty ankle socks.
Scroll through the gallery below to see five of our favourite ways to wear Dr. Martens boots.
Style Notes: For a rock 'n' roll look, pair patent Dr. Martens with high-shine vinyl trousers and a skinny Rockins scarf like Hayden did.
Style Notes: Gigi is a big fan of Dr. Martens, but this is our favourite of her DM looks to date. She paired her cherry-red boots with a pair of cropped black trousers to show off the entire boot, and

########
Rank: 8
Score: 92.19542
Retrieved Text: Buy Dr Martens Shoes Online in Australia, Compare Prices of 364 Products from 7 Stores. Lowest Price is . Save with MyShopping.com.au!... Selling my genuine Gold Dr Martens due to them becoming too small for me! Size UK 4 (US Women’s 6) , excellent condition with a minor scuff on one toe. Size UK 4 (US Women’s 6) , excellent condition with a minor scuff on one toe.
Here at Dr. Martens, we’re proud to produce shoes and boots that can worn by any individual for any occasion. Whether you’re rocking out in mosh pits, or at a… Whether you’re rocking out in …... I recently bought some secondhand Dr. Martens, but now i'm starting to doubt if they're real Dr. Martens. They have no yellow stitching, but on the sole it does say that they're made in England. Can someone please tell me if they are actual Dr Martens or not?
Love my new Dr. Martens. I changed out the footbed insert and put in a Walking Company orthotic. I wear a size 8 1/2 shoe. My foot is a medium somewhat wider in the toe area. So the men's UK 7 fits well, as it has more toe box room. how to tell when ovulating while breastfeeding Anyway, the actual reason of this post is for me to do my full review of my precious Dr Martens, the 1460 Pascal White Wild Poppy Boots to be exact. I absolutely love them so I thought I would tell you what they are like comfort, style and practicality

########
Rank: 9
Score: 91.21408
Retrieved Text: Mode Junkie: Combat boots = Me for FALL!
as i was checking lulu´s blog at chictopia, she posted these pictures from emma cook runway collection AW.
i am soo into this whole doc martens, combat boots trend but i don´t really know how they´d look on me. nevertheless, there´s no stoppin me from ordering these craaazzyy white patent combat heeled boots at mango online. i have so much on my mind right now on how i´m gonna rock it after miguel comes out. I AM SUCH A COOL MOM. haha!
don´t they remind you of these tall doc booties from Chloe?
crazy right? but not as crazy as the red ones lulu and rumi are rocking. i am not yet rock star enough to don those.
here´s our girl Nicole wearing the legit ones.
but for now, i would just have to keep on wearing them flip flops because i am getting heavier each second and wearing heels feel like wearing shoes with a bed of nails inside it. ohh yes i´ve tried!
ahh you are going to be the coolest mother!
i reallyy like those doc-marten like boots... i think i actually like them more than the real ones!
so good for you for finding them.
The white Doc. heels actually appeal to my shoe senses. It'd be so hard to combine with other pieces though. And you look cute as ever.
the first shoe is definitely not for everyone to wear... the second pump is absolutely lovely.
I love the edginess of the Doc Martens but I personally am not brave enough for them:( Cannot wait

########
Rank: 10
Score: 90.510254
Retrieved Text: These are used but vary little, theyre in pristine condition, black 20-eye STEEL TOE model 1942s in a size uk 10 which is a mens US 11. This boot is no longer made by dr martens and its getting harder and harder to find them in excellent condition as these are. White laces as well as black laces included.
The item "Dr Martens 20-eye STEEL Toe boots US 11 doc shoes black 1942 1940 1919 1914 uk10" is in sale since Thursday, November 22, 2018. This item is in the category "Clothing, Shoes & Accessories\Men's Shoes\Boots". The seller is "thisaintnocostume" and is located in Genoa, Nevada.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 87.926575
Retrieved Text: The contract commissioning a freelance designer to produce a new logo for the famous footwear brand was silent on copyright ownership. So did this allow the designer to sell some rights in it to Doc Martens’ competitor?
This appeal dealt with the question of ownership of rights in a logo which had been designed for the "Doc Martens" footwear brand owners.
The designer of the new logo had been commissioned to do the job by Doc Martens' advertising agency. The contract between the freelance designer Ross Evans and the agency made no reference to ownership of rights in the logo to be supplied. At the time of being commissioned, Evans was told he was producing material for UK point of sale.
Evans subsequently purported to assign most of the rights in the logo to one of Doc Martens' major competitors. Griggs, the owners of the Doc Martens brand, issued proceedings to rectify matters.
At first instance, the court had sided with Doc Martens, concluding that in order to give business efficacy to the arrangements between the ad agency and the designer, beneficial ownership of copyright had to be regarded as passing to the agency and hence to Griggs.
Evans appealed that decision to the Court of Appeal. He said he did not know he was being asked to produce a logo for the client to use worldwide and only believed he was supplying something for use at point of sale.
The Court of Appeal rejected Evans' appeal. It said that an "officious bystander" at the time that the contract between Evans and

########
Rank: 12
Score: 86.64106
Retrieved Text: Why not treat yourself this season to a new pair of women’s Dr Martens boots? At Loofes Clothing, we offer a collection of footwear from this popular designer brand for you to choose from.
Our current range includes the brand’s much loved boots alongside a number of t bar sandals and shoes which have also been hand picked from the women’s Dr Martens collection. Dr Martens is an iconic British brand that specialises in producing its air cushioned boots. DMs are well recognised by their unique design, especially their yellow stitching and thick, rubber soles and these much loved boots have been around since the 1960’s and are still as popular today. Our collection of women’s Doc Martens features classic designs as well as current collections. So whether you are searching for traditional DMs or the brand’s latest ranges, check out the women’s boots and shoes that we have to offer at Loofes Clothing.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 85.991104
Retrieved Text: Oh, I like. It does look rather realistic though.
That’s why I wear Doc Martens to the beach — no problem.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 85.91113
Retrieved Text: 10 Eyelet Fashion Steel Toe Black Boot. Some scratches on toe caps.
12 quality pictures provided of the actual boots for sale. The item "Doc DR MARTENS 10966 10 Eyelet Fashion Steel Toe Black Boot Mens US Size 11" is in sale since Thursday, December 27, 2018. This item is in the category "Clothing, Shoes & Accessories\Men's Shoes\Boots".

########
Rank: 15
Score: 84.64866
Retrieved Text: Wing earrings - ordered them last night!
Do you remember my gold wing earrings? (I'm wearing them this post) I now have quite a balanced amount of gold/silver jewellery but not that many silver earrings, so I thought I'd order those off topshop since I love the gold ones so much.
Hello bloggers. It's a sunday which means I'm sitting here writing to you in my glasses, embarrassing pajamas and a "fresh" face (I feel sorry for the people who will have to live with me in the second year of uni; I'm always in such bad moods in the mornings haha). I've been lusting after doc martens for a while but have been hesitating because they are a bit pricey. Earlier this year I bought cheap dark silver/grey studded boots and of course after a couple of wears the rain started to seep through so I can only wear them on days where it's not too hot not too stoopid and wet. The boots are awesome so I wish they weren't such crap quality! Ah well, I got what I paid for. I just checked dmusastore and they cost 115USD (approx. 80EUR) but I dunno how much they cost in a store in a store somewhere in Europe.
So my genius plan: I'm currently plodding around the idea of going to NYC this summer after I get back from Japan. I'd love to take my manfriend with my but bless him, I think his first long haul flight (to Japan) has traumatised him haha. Yeah it can be

########
Rank: 16
Score: 84.49434
Retrieved Text: The possibility that mothers will be wearing combat boots as part of the Grunge anti-fashion thing this spring has liste or nothing to do with the wave of Doc Martens dogma that has Dallas’ preteen and preschool hipsters clangoring for a pair. From St. John’s over by White Rock to St. Mark’s in North Dallas, Dallas’ smallest shoppers don’t know exactly why they like them, they just need them. Indeed there has always been an undeniable in-your-face cop a ’tude kind of thing that happens when feet get laced into a pair of the clunky, British-produced, German-designed waffle stampers. Sixties skinheads preferred the eight-eyelet “cherry-reds,” boots that Dr. Klaus Maertens designed to accommodate his own injured foot back in 1945. But it’s the black “1460s” that became de rigueur to rock and roll in, boots that have crossed oceans and cultural barriers to become must-haves for our children. Parental units should find some comfort in knowing that the boot!Ujuièposiiiveortnopedic wonders, providing more than enough support for growing feet and good traction for playground Olympics. Doc Martens boosts and sandals may be found in Dallas at NVUS in Deep Ellum (prices range from about $65 for the smallest sizes to $120 for adult boots) and (boots only) at most Kinney shoe stores, though we found the best selection at Kinney in NorthPark. Now if we can just manage to stay out of the way of them.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 84.26962
Retrieved Text: This spring, we are canvassing spring 2018 fashion trends looking for styles to make authentically ours.
We will be power dressing for impactful elegance, as usual, but as layers become breathable, sunnier, we are channeling some of that lightness in beautiful pastels and tinges of flower.
Let’s get all set for spring!
Turn heads in saturated hues, worn head-to-toe or color-blocked. Bright yellows and red will are a spring favorite this year, and oh, so befitting for the cheeriness that is spring.
Quite frankly, we’ll never tire of flirty florals in the springtime. It’s the official symbol of the season, after all, and we can’t wait to adorn this happy motif onto all items. Instead of merely going floral in swingy dresses and bright T-shirts, we love the idea of flower prints on our shoes and accessories too.
Floral trainers are the latest streetwear trend we can’t get enough of. How about a pair of flower sneakers worn with a little white dress? Or for an element of tomboy chic, it doesn’t get any cooler than ripped boyfriend jeans plus flower-embroidered Converse trainers.
Another quirky outfit idea? Instead of going full-on floral, we love the idea of mixing styles. How about incorporating the oh-so-cool athleisure trend with a flowery twist? Make your own style rules and combine a pair of striped tracksuit bottoms with a little white crop top and floral trainers.
We are obsessed with lavender. Wear decisive pastels. Even color block them. Our next it-investment is a a lavender midi-length dress with a square neckline – think Alicia Florrick – just

########
Rank: 18
Score: 84.08697
Retrieved Text: This classic boot from Dr. Martens features an eight-eyelet design and signature air-cushioned sole.
Rock some retro sass! The Dr. Martens® Kids Polley Mary Jane will appeal to her rebel heart. T Lamper leather upper with a subtle grain print. Adjustable buckle strap enhances its retro style. Padded collar for all-day comfort. Classic grooved midsole and visible yellow stitching. Soft textile lining for a comfortable next-to-skin feel. Lightly cushioned leather footbed for added comfort. Fabricated with a flexible, cemented sole for growing feet. Imported. Measurements: Heel Height: 1 1⁄4 in Weight: 12 oz Platform Height: 3⁄4 in Product measurements were taken using size 1 UK (US 2 Little Kid), width M. Please note that measurements may vary by size. Weight of footwear is based on a single item, not a pair.
A classic Dr. Martens silhouette is crafted especially for kids.
The iconic Dr. Martens 8065 mary jane silhouette for women borrowed for the quintessential grade-school look which they're now re-invented with double straps, horseshoe buckles and soft T-Lamper leather. Because what smart girl wants to wear a plain old Mary Jane when they could rock the sass of a Dr. Martens Junior 8065. Features: Side grooves, air-cushioned sole, the sole is cemented to the upper. Material: Leather, PVC.
What's better than a sweet, innocent Mary Jane shoe? One made in the classic Dr. Martens style. And the Goldie takes this look full circle: The iconic Dr. Martens T-Bar silhouette for women borrowed from the quintessential school shoe-which Dr. Martens now re-invented for kids. Because what smart girl wants to

########
Rank: 19
Score: 83.43373
Retrieved Text: You will receive exactly what is described and what is pictured any objects in the pictures not described are not included. Made in England Doc Dr Martens Grinders Burgandy Rub Popeye Boots Steel Toe Stag 7.5. Not everyone needs this tutorial but believe it or not a lot of people do, so I include this wisdom free of charge.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 82.55275
Retrieved Text: Kids' eight-eye Dr. Martens. A scaled down version of the classic adult counterpart, the '1460 J Serena' boots are crafted from faux leather and lined in cosy fleece. With an iconic design, the Doc Martens feature a rounded toe, eight-eye lace-up fastening and signature scripted heel pull for entry assistance. Set upon the brand's iconic air-cushioned sole with grooved midsoles and yellow stitching for a stamp of authenticity.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 82.03847
Retrieved Text: Nouveaux accessoires, avec ce nouvel iPad, de nouveaux claviers et coques sont proposés chez Logitech, ainsi que le "Logitech Crayon un stylet pouvant fonctionner avec le nouvel iPad vendu. Il se concentre sur 4 disciplines..
Aux Pays-Bas, pays de référence, cest au vélo que le VAE est mesuré : pour 59 des utilisateurs, il est «plus pratique» quune bicyclette classique. Le vol et les dégradations font aussi partie des..
: 100 Success, get Deal Save. This sole was specially made for the people who were suffering from a broken foot, as it helped in recovery. Sale, fREE, shipping, free Shipping On Orders Over. A good personality is defined by the whole outlook, from looks to clothing to shoes and how people carry everything. It is a fact that clothing plays an important role in maintaining a good personality but even a slight change can destroy everything. No code promo livraison rasco matter what clothes you are wearing, people get impressed with the whole personality, only looks or branded clothing is just not enough. Yes, you heard it right, shoes play an important role when it comes to be at your best, and often people check your shoes at first and then anything else.
Martens coupons now on RetailMeNot. Doc, socks when you buy a pair of full. Martens, promo, codes 2018.
Martens when it produced 1460 boots for the working men. With increasing popularity and recognition, the company did not stop and brought revolution in the boots industry by launching air-cushioned sole rather than traditional leather one in 1945. Working

########
Rank: 22
Score: 81.75177
Retrieved Text: Charts ~ Youth Dr Martens Eye Boot Journeys Size Chart 1 253844 Zm Black Jpg Fabulous Picture Ideas 61 Fabulous Dr Martens Size Chart Picture Ideas.
Dr r11838002 charts fabulous martens size chart picture ideas doc cm best of anyimage. Charts fabulous dr martens size chart picturedeas new laticrete permacolor color. Charts shoe size centimetres heart impulsar co dr martens chart cm fabulous picture ideas.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 80.95036
Retrieved Text: Target Daily Deal: Girls Pink Cowboy Boots Only $20 & More .
Girls Pink Cowboy Boots w/ Fringe for the granddaughters! love em!
1000 images about Pink Cowboy Boots For Girls on Pinterest .
Girls Fashion Boots, Leather Cowgirl Boots – Love Those Boots .
Sorel Caribou Wool Snow Boots | Santa Barbara Institute for .
Red Wing Shoes womens boots size 6.5 vintage brown leather hiking .
1000 images about red wing boots on Pinterest | Store fronts .
I bought a pair of Double H Logger boots this year for wearing outside of work since they are not steel toe boots. So far they are very comfortable.
1000 images about shoessss on Pinterest | Doc martens, Combat .
combat shoes.. i want one!
Black Fashion Mens Combat Boots | Steve Madden Troopah | Boots .

########
Rank: 24
Score: 80.72252
Retrieved Text: We have our granddaughters for the weekend. We get to spoil have them because their mom and dad are busy, so we are on duty.
And on our way to pick them up, we decided to stop in Studio City and visit the Dr. Martens store. I need a new pair of riding boats, and Doc Martens are the best.
John’s riding boots are about ten years old and he still loves them, and wanted to get me a pair too. How could I say no?
I thought these were pretty cool. What do you think?
I’m not sure I’m bold enough to wear those, but I did try on a fun pair of shoes while I was there.
John found the ladies version of his boot and asked Chris, the store clerk, if he could bring me my size. They were a calf length hard leather lace up boot, with a zipper on the side and I still couldn’t get my bum foot in it.
I mentioned to Chris that I am unable bend my right foot because my big toe is fused and he quickly suggested I try the soft leather version of the same boot.
I didn’t get the pretty ribbon, but rather sensible motorcycle worthy laces. I feel so spoiled and I’m excited to try them out!
I’ll have to wait until our fun weekend with the girls is over though. We have beach, skateboards, parks, ice cream, pizza and so much more planned!
I hope you spoil yourself a little this weekend.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 80.572334
Retrieved Text: Is there a Simple and Complete Warranty Certificate? One church chair retailer we know of refuses to actually provide a warranty certificate. Hopefully that will be enough in itself for almost any church to move on to other suppliers who will provide a guarantee certificate. But even when your church is provided many of these a certificate, there is addition scrutiny necessary. Chair warranties can be written in such a way to use a huge onus on the religious, so much so that they become essentially unenforceable. We suggest churches ask for actual examples of concerns churches experienced with the chair they are considering and how the ones issues were resolved. Featuring chairs is the easy part of the procedure; standing behind the chairs that have been provided is the tougher part of the process. Make sure the warranty for the chairs you are thinking about has some teeth to it!
Lovingheartdesigns - Dr martens 1461 dantonio multi d antonio renaissance. Free shipping both ways on dr martens 1461 dantonio multi d antonio renaissance from our vast selection of styles fast delivery, and 24 7 365 real person service with a smile click or call 800 927 7671. Dr martens 1461 dantonio multi d antonio renaissance at. Shop for brands you love on sale discounted shoes, clothing, accessories and more at ! score on the style, score on the price. Tops ? pascal d'antonio dr martens [do not miss the. Description where to buy 352 narrower pascal d'antonio dr martens of brooklyn affordable and intensely awesome pascal

########
Rank: 26
Score: 78.879196
Retrieved Text: Love the jacket!! nice look!
unas fotos preciosas iago!, me encanto la ultima, como haces esas simetrias? , los colores muy vivos y nitidos, la primera foto que abre el post fantastica, un besazo!
thanks christina i love your blog !
really a beautiful photos man !!
Fabulous jacket and martens! You look casual but very chic! Love it!
hi natali ! thanks for comment and seeing my pics i'll check out ur blog !
I absolutely lovee this outfit!
doc martens with that jacket is absolutly awesome ! so much attitude, love it!!
Love the jacket and your hair !!
man i just can love your style, your blog, your eyes , your..ALL I’m totally in love with this outfit!!
I fell in love with this jacket on your Instagram!
Very comfy and trendy outfit.
Love everything in this outfit!!!
I would wear every single piece here in a second . Loving it all!
wow! iago me encantan las martens están super lindas y muy linda la chaqueta de beisbol ¡Saludos!
I love this color!!! It’s amazing!
amazing look!!!!!!!!i love your jacket!!!!!!
Love your hair style mant!
that jacket is such an amazing colour it adds so much to the outfit.
Great look, very rock ‘n roll!
Que bonita la chaqueta, me encanta el color.
I have seen that jacket a thousand times now, but I think you wear it best . You made a nice and fresh crisp look with it!
And that martens are awesome!!!
what an amazing outfit combo!! ) love the booties and especially your hair style. . .
Unos contrastes muy cálidos , el outft perfecto , esa chaqueta me encanta y las martens

########
Rank: 27
Score: 78.78645
Retrieved Text: What can I say about today's outfit? Paring jeggings with a sweater dress (or if you wish you can also call it a long sweater) is no brainer. Doc martens are always a good choice and often I like to wear them like this, with socks rolled up over the boots. If the socks in question are wool ones, then one is pretty sure that his or her feet will be extremely warm. This beanie is also made from wool and what makes it very special is the fact that my grandmother made it for me. Wool is great because it helps us stay warm. Cold lowers our immunity (i.e. makes us immune system more vulnerable), so it is important to stay warm during Winter. To finish this look, I opted for this lovely necklace (here) and this elegant bag because I like how they create a contrast with this otherwise grunge outfit.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 78.72285
Retrieved Text: On April 1, 1960 the first pair of Dr. Martens boots hit the pavement in England. In 1964, Pete Townshend walked out on to a stage to perform with a new band called The Who wearing a pair of 1460 boots. Townshend’s affinity for Dr. Martens boots became well-known during those days. Teens around the world saw him, listened to The Who’s music, and took note of the boots. And as they say, a legend was born – Dr Marten’s boots had been introduced on the world stage and the world embraced them.
The Dr. Martens brand has been an iconic player in the leather footwear world for many decades now. While there is still an association with the rebellious “angst” of youth, the boots, shoes, and clothing developed over the years by Dr. Martens has persevered and made its way into just about every niche of society. Yes, Dr. Martens boots were and still are associated with various youth sub-cultures – but, you’re just as likely to see a young (or “well-seasoned” aka old) professional donning a pair of DMs these days too.
Take a couple of minutes to watch the DM video on their construction. Notice all of the handwork that takes place in addition to the machines used. High grade leather – tough, heavy gauge thread – Goodyear welt – and some unique construction components all merge together to create an attractive, very comfortable and long wearing boot.
In addition to DM’s use of high quality leather, they’re well-known for their AirWair soles, which was born

########
Rank: 29
Score: 77.468155
Retrieved Text: A fan art of one of my favorite french comic books: Nävis from the 3rd volume of Sillage comics.
Have a look at this comic book if you haven’t, it’s a great series.
So I gathered some references and I started with the block out of the boots.
I based my references on the drawings as well as on musketeer boots and Doc Martens boots.
first, I did a simulation of the cloths in marvelous designer and then brought it into zbrush, where I cleaned the mesh and added some basic accessories to the boots. Now I finished the block out and will add the details such as seems, folds, stitches, wear and tear later on when the overall block out is done. Next up are the gloves.
Main goal is a real time 3d character in Unreal engine or marmoset.
Any feedback or questions are welcome.
I am most active on Instagram where I often post stories with my WIP.
A little update on Nävis.
Gathered some more references from the comic and finished the marvelous designer simulations for the blockout.
If you are curious about this project, head to my Instagram account, where I post stories about the work in progress of nävis.

================



======= Instance Index 6340 =========
Input Text: If a description of a situation begins like this: [header] How to fax on the canon mx410 [title] Power on your canon mx410 printer. [title] Press the button labeled " fax. [step] Your printer will enter fax standby mode.... Then how
does it continue? 

Ending 1: [title] Place the documents you want faxed in the face side-up position on the platen glass located on top of your printer. [title] Press the button labeled " fax quality.

Ending 2: [title] Let the printer indicate the printer is fully charged. [step] This will vary but is generally preferable for whole foods or snacks.

Ending 3: On canon mx410, this mode is set to " ok " and will prompt the printer to enter the slack (or ip address). [title] Press the " enter " button to start fax standby.

Ending 4: Wait two to three seconds until the printer reboots. Click the button labeled " 4fax standby....

Target Text: Ending 1

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 108.30134
Retrieved Text: Canon PIXMA MX410 Driver, Manual and Software For Windows, Mac OS X, and Linux Printer Download – The MX410 offers special prices and interesting standard interface. In fact, it is an abundance of useful accessories for each purchase. When you unbox the printer package, make sure that you have the following parts. Those are Wireless LAN, USB cable, PictBrige, and Bluetooth. Well, it is important to do an initial check right? The thing is, are you familiar with all of those parts?
You might want to know or it is impossible to make this Canon PIXMA MX 410 works properly. Let’s start with the Wireless LAN. It is used to establish the wireless connection between printer and external device. This is a Wireless IEEE 802,11b/g/n. When you enable this feature, you can control printer by using smartphone or tablet. For a home PC user, check the USB cable availability. This is the only existing connection with USB 2.0 speed.
Such As Canon MX366 Driver, You will get PictBridge, but the cable is not included. You might want to check it in the Canon center nearby. Then, there is the optional part, Bluetooth v2.0. When you purchase Canon PIXMA MX410, you will get 90 days of Refurbished warranty. It is worth to have this MX410 because it already has ADF system that is able to handle up to 8,5 x 14 paper size.
Compatibility and System Requirements Canon MX410 Printer for Windows XP, Vista, Win 7, 8, 8.1 (64 Bit / x64 / 32 Bit / x86), Mac OS /

########
Rank: 1
Score: 94.40583
Retrieved Text: Canon PIXMA MX410 Software and Driver Download for Windows, Mac OS, and Linux – Canon PIXMA MX410 will be the right media to help you to be more productive. It is true since the printer is designed as well to help the user by multifunctional use in only one machine. This printer also supports you to work in efficient time. It only needs one minute to print 5 colored prints and 8.7 pages in mono mode. Moreover, the printer has Chromalife 100+ as professional ink to improve the quality of your prints later.
As copier machine, this printer can work fast per minute. It will result in 3.4 pages in color mode. Every document that will be copied can be enlarged up to 400%. Meanwhile, the reduction option will be up to 25%. For the maximum number of copies using this Canon MX410 printer is 99 copies. This feature has already supported your work more productive in short time.
The printing process will use 600 x 600 dpi for the resolution in mono mode. The resolution will change to be 4800 x 1200 dpi for the color mode. All features in this Canon PIXMA MX410 are better to improve your productivity. You only need to trust the product to do its job as the multifunctional printer.
You need to have a driver or software for Canon PIXMA MX410, for the file of a driver, you can download on the link below.
Next step, you can follow this instruction below to install Canon PIXMA MX 410 printer for the setup file.
The

########
Rank: 2
Score: 87.295494
Retrieved Text: Create your own Canon PIXMA MX410 inkjet pack / bundle with our flexible quantity discount pricing. Mix and match products so you are only purchasing what you need, but also maximizing your savings.
Remanufactured Color Ink Cartridge with 349 high capacity page yield. Equivalent to Canon part number(s): CL-211XL, 2975B001. Fits the following model(s): Canon MX410.
Remanufactured Black Ink Cartridge with 401 high capacity page yield. Equivalent to Canon part number(s): PG-210XL, 2973B001. Fits the following model(s): Canon MX410.
Buy our high quality compatible ink for Canon PIXMA MX410 with confidence. Join thousands of happy customers who have found our compatible products are equivalent in page yield and print quality. For our compatible products, we offer a 100% Satisfaction Guarantee allowing you to return products within 6 months if you are unsatisfied.
The Canon PIXMA MX410 is an inkjet printer with a sleek design that can help users manage print projects and its all-in-one features without trouble. It can only print a maximum of 8 pages per minute for text and 5 pages per minute for color, which is on the slower end for home photo units. However, a full-package of technology and features help overshadow its sluggish speeds, though prices for Canon MX410 printer ink can be a bit high.
The included support for Wi-Fi will allow users to share prints, scans and copies with less hassle and no cables. In addition, its multi-function capabilities are stacked with useful features like automatic multiple-page copying and a 30-sheet automatic document feeder for efficient scanning, as well as the ability to scan

########
Rank: 3
Score: 80.725365
Retrieved Text: Inkfarm.com prides itself on providing high-quality printer ink at a fraction of the price in stores. Find savings on popular brands like Canon Pixma MX410 ink cartridges and keep your printer stocked with high-quality ink that is also affordable.
Inkfarm.com provides savings on Canon MX410 ink by producing high-quality compatible ink cartridges. These cartridges feature true and vibrant colors and are chipped for accurate ink level readings so they will work seamlessly with your printer. Additionally, these cartridges meet or beat the page yields of the originals. The black cartridges have a page yield of 401 pages and the color cartridges yield 349 pages. Purchase discounted Canon Pixma MX410 ink individually or in a convenient 3-pack featuring 2 black and 1 color cartridge. Inkfarm.com also sells the genuine cartridges at a reduced price.
In addition to saving you money on the actual price of ink, Inkfarm.com also offers flat-rate shipping. Stock up on Canon ink cartridges and printing accessories like toner, paper, and USB cables and take advantage of this low rate. From start to finish, Inkfarm.com is committed to providing you with an inexpensive printing experience.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 78.82982
Retrieved Text: Canon PIXMA MX410 it is safe to say that you’re looking for Printer drivers Canon PIXMA MX410? Just look at this page, you can download the drivers through the table through the tabs below for Windows 7,8,10 Vista and XP, Mac Os, Linux that you want. Here you can update your driver Canon and other drivers. Canonprintersdrivers.com is a professional printer driver download site, it supplies all the drivers for the Canon printer drives. You can use two ways to download the drivers and driver updates quickly and easily from here. You can use the following is the list of the drivers that we provide. Or you can use Driver Navigator to help you download and install Your Printer driver automatically. Youtube Downloader For Mac Reviews Megastat Download Mac here. Delete All Downloads Mac. more.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 70.713684
Retrieved Text: Page 90 Of 05.aba-architects.com: Nikon D750 Refurbished As Wells As Nikon Coolpix P610 With Adobe Dng Converter Mac Plus American Color Imaging Then Canon Pixma Mx410 Also Mike Glamour Shots.
Particular my withbarely nikon refurbished poor buyer beware anandtech forums most disappointing thing is that i actually needed this camera atrip next now it looks like i will be stuck. Brilliant buy nikon body only online nikon d750 kit refurbished nikon d750 refurbished review nikon body only nikon body only price. Astonishing nikon vr alongwith comparisons to tamron sigma c sport please enjoy review nikon vr review photography life nikon d750..
Indoor nikon pix digital camera optical zoom wi nikon pix p610 settings nikon pix p610 firmware update nikon pix digital camera optical zoom. Genuine nikon side nikon review expert reviews nikon pix p610 manual nikon pix p610 not charging. Sightly nikon pix mp semi slr nikon pix mp semi slr price buy nikon nikon pix p610 manual nikon pix p610 app. Extraordinary pix range 2015 nikon news new pix range nikon pix p610 buy nikon pix p610 manual. Awei..
Classy mar sony pixture test relating to fidelity question adobe dng converter mac 10.5.8 adobe dng converter mac nikon d750. State adobe camera raw digital photography review adobe dng converter mac os x 10.6.8 adobe dng converter mac 10.5.8. Incredible adobe today has updated camera raw supportof new released canon eos mark iv or adobe camera raw dng converter dng converter now support canon mark iv. Comely been no doctoring lightroom to make i..
Fun color imaging book quality publishers

########
Rank: 6
Score: 64.576546
Retrieved Text: Help! Trying to change the time on my office phone and all i can find in the user guide is how to set an alarm, nothing bout how to change the time and date. any suggestions???
I'm trying to set the date on a new telstra Telstra 12250. The user guide looks nothing like the phone. How do you set the date? I'm trying to set the date on a new telstra Telstra 12250. The user guide looks nothing like the phone. How do you set the date?
CHANGING TELEPHONE SYSTEM TIME FROM EXT. 201 1.Press TRANSFER 800 4321 2.Press 1 3.Press SPEAKER 4.Press 505 5.Enter time as WMMDDYY:HHMM (W=day of week, 0=Sunday, 6=Saturday) 6.Press TRANSFER to store and exit 7.Lift handset to make sure to exit program mode.
How to set Nelsonic alarm clock? Press and hold the ALARM BUTTON to enter ALARM SETTING MODE. While still holding the ALARM BUTTON down, press and hold the HOUR and MINUTE BUTTONS until you see the time you want on your LCD DISPLAY. Release the TIME BUTTON and the Alarm Clock Radio will return to NORMAL TIME MODE.
jazwares.com/assets/pdf/userguides/13500_wwe_alarm_clock_radio.pdf Search for: How to set Nelsonic alarm clock?
or go to this link might help you.
you may have turned the volume down for the profile you were using on the phone, try activating the alarm an whilst its supposed to go off turn volume up.
I nee to set up time of day, lost the users guide.
I recently purchased a Canon PIXMA MX410 printer and was wondering if there was a way to turn

########
Rank: 7
Score: 63.05472
Retrieved Text: - Canon Pixma Mp250 Allinone Inkjet question. PIXMA MP250 Photo All- In. near you may be obtained from Canon USA' s Web site at www. canontechsupport. com or by calling the Canon USA Customer Care Center at 1. Canon MP250 - Error E03. This error is normally the result of a paper jam. Small pieces of paper can get caught inside the printer mechanism if you had to rip the paper out of the machine. Links Download Canon Mp250 3 In 1 Driver For Free This Application is a Driver for Canon Mp250 Cd Download Multi- Function printer. This installer Our Application driver is Compatible for all MP250 Series Printers. Cannon mp250 printer keeps getting p08 error. hi i keep getting a " client- error- not possible" notice when i try to print from my mac book to my canon MP250 de Error Canon Pixma MP250/ MP258 dan Solusinya.
Tekan Stop / tombol Reset selama 5 sampai 8 detik hingga tampilan LED menampilkan angka 1. This post contains many common error messages for several Canon. Error codes for Canon MP240, MP250. 44, hp, 144, injectors, 3, ink, 95, kodak, 1, konica, 1. Canon MP250 series Pdf User Manuals. View online or download Canon MP250 series Basic Manual, On- screen Manual. Hola, agradesco al amigo que me ayudo a solucionar el problema con el error p, 0, 3 de mi impresora canon mp250. Les escribo para pedirles que por favor me ayuden a solucionar otro problema que ha surgido en mi impresora este error es el e, 0,

########
Rank: 8
Score: 61.81241
Retrieved Text: Canon Photo Print Shop. Canon Photo Print Shop Canon Photo Print Shop. App facile da usare che offre una straordinaria gamma di. pixma- fehlercode- 6a80- 6ac10- fix Canon Pixma. 6AC10 - FIX - [ English subtitles]. Canon MG5320 printer Error Code B200. Question - I have a new ( 1 month) Canon PIXMA MG5600 It shows error 6000. Find the answer to this and other Printers questions on JustAnswer. I have a Canon MP510 printer that displays 6000 Error Message Line. brand new Canon MG5650 displaying error 6000 code. COPYRIGHT© CANON INC. Paper Plus Glossy using Windows XP printer driver in borderless.
Error codes are printed in the " operator. Canon printer pixma MG6350 doesn' t print and showing suport code 6000? Canon Printer MG6350 doesn' t print support. is showing error code 6000. Fix for Canon Pixma IP4000R Error Code 5C00. A couple weeks ago my Canon Pixma IP4000R would make a loud clicking or popping noise when. a printer dialog error. My Canon MX926 inkjet MF printer has come up with a printer error Support code 6000. What do I have to do to fix this please? When the message " 6000 Printer error has occurred. the 6000 error occurs. If you command printing when the tray is covered, the 6000 error occurs. · Uninstalled and re- installed but still get the same error code.
printer and scanner: Error Code 6000;. · A customer brought their printer with an error number of error 6000 printer error has occurred. · I am getting a printing error code

########
Rank: 9
Score: 60.868263
Retrieved Text: 11 Methods - Duration: 4: 21. viandant5 127, 854 views. Scanner Error Code 162. 0 Set to " Remote Scanner. · This is the error code which i received while setting up a customer' s scanner. The solution and fix that worked me is very easy and simple, but before i. Scangear printer is in usePrinter is. Canon printer error code. Printer is in use or an error has occurred check status code 2140 2. · What is Error CodeCanon and how to fix it?
The particular Error CodeCanon process is responsible for a number of window boss functions. эзывыйя все участники с такой проблемой. Драйвер сканера будет закрыт code: 5, 202, 54" 2. · error codefor canon printer no communication between scanner and computer. Posted on Oct 21,. · Kamis, 08 Agustus. Solving error codeoron Canon printers. This error appears when the scanner is used. " Printer is in use or an. · I continually get an error code 2, 179, 16 from my new Canaon Lide 100 - it has not worked yet - it keep giving me this - Answered by a verified Technician. What is the error codein functions of canon pixma mg2570s? - Canon scangear error code. Or use an existing account. Normalmente este puede ser error de. 62, cilindros, 2, Códigos de reseteo, 32, Configuración, 140, Copiadora, 18, Dell.
Select All Code All codes. 140, 21 em impressoras Canon, 21 ou 2140, Como resolver o código de erro 2,. If the my site connected to my wireless printer. Scanner driver canon mx436

########
Rank: 10
Score: 60.79275
Retrieved Text: Compatible product replacing CL513 / 2971B001 (Color), other manufacturer numbers: 2971B001AA, CL-513Delivery contents and capacity/coverage: 1x Ink Cartridge (1x Color with aprox. 16.5 ml), information about coverage based on prints with 5% page coverage on A4For use in Canon Pixma: MP 230, MP 235, MP 240, MP 250, MP 252, MP 260, MP 270, MP 280, MP 282, MP 480, MP 490, MP 495, MP 499, IP 2700, MX 320, MX 330, MX 340 (RFB), MX 350, MX 360, MX 410, MX 420, MP230, MP235, MP240, MP250, MP252, MP260, MP270, MP280, MP282, MP480, MP490, MP495, MP499, IP2700, MX320, MX330, MX340, MX340RFB, MX350, MX360, MX410, MX420Eurotone: Huge selection of compatible products and accessories for your printer. 100% compatible und perfectly fitting. Strict quality directives and rigid inspections ensure top quality and hassle-free products! Just unbox, install and continue printing.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 59.435867
Retrieved Text: Suits Canon PIXMA iP4200, iP4300, iP4500, iP5200, iP5200r, iP5300, iP660D, iP6700d, Pro9000 printers and MP500, MP510, MP530, MP600, MP600R, MP610, MP800, MP800R, MP810, MP830, MX850, MP960, MP970 multifunctions.
Suits Canon PIXMA iP3300, iP3500, iP4200, iP4300, iP4500, iP5200, iP5200r, ip5300, iP6600D, iP6700d, iX4000, iX5000, Pro9000 printers and MP500, MP510, MP520, MP530, MP600, MP600R, MP610, MX700, MP800, MP800R, MP810, MP830, MX850, MP960, MP970, MX700 multifunctions.
Suits Canon PIXMA iP6600D, iP6700D, Pro9000 printers and MP950, MP960 multifunctions.
Suits Canon PIXMA Pro9000 printers.
Suits Canon PIXMA iP2700, iP2702, MP230, MP240, MP250, MP260, MP270, MP280, MP282, MP480, MP490, MP492, MP495, MX320, MX330, MX340, MX350, MX360, MX410 and MX420 printers.
Suits Canon PIXMA iP3300, iP3500, iP4200, iP4300, iP4500, iP5200, iP5200r, iP5300, iX4000, iX5000, MP500, MP510, MP520, MP530, MP600, MP600r, MP610, MP800, MP800R, MP810, MP830, MP970, MX700 and MX850 printers.
Suits Canon PIXMA iP3600, iP4600, iP4700, MP540, MP550, MP560, MP620, MP630, MP640, MP980, MP990, MX860 and MX870 printers.
Suits Canon PIXMA iP4850, iP4950, MG5150, MG5250, MG5350, MG6150, MG6250, MG8150, MG8250, MX715, MX885 and MX895 printers.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 58.846474
Retrieved Text: SOURCE: Does anyone know how I can reset a Canon MF244dw printer to factory settings?
My canon MG 5650. Printer. How do I print photos 10x15cm on printer what setting do I use?
That printer is capable of printing that size, if when you purchased the printer and didn't change any of the factory settings it should print fine, if any of the settings were changed then you need to reset that printer to factory default In the settings menu.
Go into the printer user manual that was downloaded when you installed the printer, the info is there.
Where is the USB port located on the Canon MF244dw?
according to the manual it is at the back of the printer .
It is the very top socket in the part where the power cord plugs in at the back of the printer.
at the back of the printer it is on the right hand side.
Does anyone know how I can reset a Canon MF244dw printer to factory settings?
How do i get the factory default setting for canon ir 6800?
COPIER>FUNCTION>CLEAR>ERR Then press ok an off the machine wait 1 minute and on the machine..
Hi Anonymous, The link below is a youtube video showing how to set default settings, I hope this helps.........CHEERS..
I disabled ink monitoring on my Canon IP4500, how do I set it back to factory default so that I can monitor the inks again?
It will set itself back as you install new Canon inks, but will be turned off for the remaining inks until they are used up.
Set your canon on factory

########
Rank: 13
Score: 58.46713
Retrieved Text: These Canon copiers/printers provide users with the ability to print to any Canon copier on campus, scan and send documents via email, and copy. You can use your Phoenix Card or your Elon email username (leave off the @elon.edu) and password.
If you are a faculty or staff member using a printer in one of our student locations, you will NOT be able to copy. You will only be able to print or scan & send.
If you forget your Phoenix Card, tap 'AD Login' on the login screen. Enter your Elon email username and password. The @elon.edu is not required.
Canon copiers/printers MAY NOT be used on personally-owned computers, or with generic accounts.
In order to view the Faculty/Staff print locations, you will need to log in to the Technology Wiki.
Canon provides online eTraining which is accessible at any time by any user. Online training may be viewed at Canon's eLearning site . Users will need to register with the site using the serial number of their Canon copier/printer.
Choose the appropriate instructions to install the Canon printer/copier on a Windows or Mac machine.
These drivers are for faculty/staff Canon devices ONLY.
If you are a STUDENT, you should email your documents to studentprint@elon.edu to pick them up at a student print location. If you need assistance with student printing, view our student documentation.
The drivers below are for the faculty/staff Canon devices located in these locations.
If you are a student, do not install this driver. Review our student printing documentation.
Congratulations! The Canon printer/copier is now installed on your PC. Select 'Canon_BW' when

########
Rank: 14
Score: 57.332794
Retrieved Text: can u pls. Gepubliceerd op 8 mei 2012Salah satu cara mengatasi E22 pada Canon MP145. how can i solve this problem????? Each time you press on Stop/Reset button, the Led light will change to orange and green alternately, the starting color is orange.
J says: June 6, 2013 at 5:50 am how to reset canon mp145 error E22. The printer has a brand Canon MP sometimes indeed many types of problems that occur, and how do I fix this? Log in om deze video toe te voegen aan een afspeellijst. Click "Add" to insert your video.
Did you mean? and now i can do itself to fix the error like this… thanks so much.. Sirpyerre Rojas 162.007 weergaven 2:44 Meer suggesties laden... And a basic service from a near by electronics repair shop will definitely solve ur problem.
Contributor 1 Answer Re: Canon Pixma MP145 Error Code for E22 Carriage Error.... if u had, can u share the way? Release Stop/ Reset button (donï't let go of the power button yet) 4. Not any work this printer.
Copyright © 2016 - Tricks-Collections.Com All Rights Reserved | Join My Circle Thankyou Jan 15, 2008 | Personal Cassette Players 2 Answers Push play-no sound there is no easy fix sorry but try taking or calling radio shack to see if theres a First, you need to check if you have the printer listed below.
This was a great help! 😀 zed says: March 13, 2012 at 11:30 am how to reset ink level after refill it on my E500.. Tips for Save Your

########
Rank: 15
Score: 57.331825
Retrieved Text: Canon printers are one of the most widely used printing machines across the globe. They come with a variety of designs and models. While users choose the models based on their individual needs, that can vary from person to person, Canon Pixma MG 2570 is one of the most widely used printers among the existing models in the market.
Exposure to moisture or improper handling of the printer hardware from Canon may render it dysfunctional or affect its natural mode of operation. One of the common practices that most users of this printer adopt when it starts malfunctioning is resetting it to the factory settings.
The idea of restoring the factory settings makes sense as it restores the default settings. So, any change in settings that causes the issue gets sorted out without a fuss. While there is no denying the fact that it is one of the wise ideas to get a handle on it, things can go out of hand if it is not done in the right way.
If your Canon printing machine has been showing up issues off late, restoring its settings back to the default version is the fundamental step which you may consider. That said, it is essential to do it in the correct way so you get to see the desired changes. Not sure how to do it in the right manner? Here are some useful steps on how to reset Canon Pixma Printer.
Power off your Canon printer without unplugging it. Then Put a piece of paper in the tray. Make sure

########
Rank: 16
Score: 56.825745
Retrieved Text: Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google+ Share on Pinterest Share by Email × Question about Canon FAX-JX200 6 Answers Getting CHECK 5100 on a Canon Fax-JX300 I've had BUSY/NO SIGNAL Cause The telephone number you dialed is busy. Action Action Action Action Previous page Next page 1...727374757677787980 Related Manuals for Canon FAX-JX300 Fax Machine Canon FAX JX500 Manual (12 pages) Fax Machine Canon QT5-0849-V03 Setup Instructions Canon inkjet Check for any obstruction (paper clip, small object, etc.) and also that the protective tape are removed from the FINE Cartridge.
Advanced Search Forum Technical Forums Copier Technical Discussion Canon canon fax jx210p error chk printing 5100 If this is your first visit, be sure to check out the FAQ by clicking Get a Professional Answer Via email, text message, or notification as you wait on our site.Ask follow up questions if you need to. 100% Satisfaction Guarantee Rate the answer you receive. BUSY/NO SIGNAL Cause The telephone number you dialed is busy. Tell us some more!
AUTO REDIAL Cause The fax is waiting to redial the receiving number because the line was busy or the receiving party did not answer when you tried to send the document. Loading...Oops :Please try again. Personal Business Share this page linkedIn facebook twitter delicious digg stumbleupon email Canon Personal Highlights Events and contests Products Inkjet printers Compact digital cameras Interchangeable lenscameras Laser printers Supplies Scanners Personal Unplug the power cord for 10 seconds.
The FINE Cartridge may be defective. If any body help me to make it on, it will be

########
Rank: 17
Score: 55.29992
Retrieved Text: Canon PIXMA MX431 Driver, Manual and Software For Windows, Mac OS X, and Linux Printer Download – Getting the all in one printer is not something difficult to obtain. However, getting the all in one printer such as Canon PIXMA MX 431 is something different. That is because this printer gives you a lot of advantages that you will undoubtedly enjoy, starting from the performance to the cost that you have to pay for this printer.
Starting from the efficiency, this printer is taken into consideration as the all rounded printer. That means you will certainly not have to bother with the effectiveness of its individual attributes. The printer can offer the good photo printing result. The duplicate, as well as fax function of this printer, is additionally something quick that you could count on. For the completing, Canon PIXMA MX431 could additionally offer you the detail scan result with the high resolution that you require. You can say that all of those functions excellent separately. This is not a printer that concentrates on one attribute just.
Such As Canon MX437 Driver, Regarding cost, you will be glad understanding that this in one printer is identified for an affordable price. That is since you will only need to pay concerning 100 bucks if you intend to get this Canon PIXMA MX472 for any one of your requirements.
Compatibility and System Requirements Canon MX431 Printer for Windows XP, Vista, Win 7, 8, 8.1 (64 Bit / x64 / 32 Bit / x86), Mac OS / OS X and Linux (32-Bit

########
Rank: 18
Score: 55.02258
Retrieved Text: This wikiHow teaches you how to connect and set up a Canon wireless printer on your Windows or Mac computer. You can do this either by connecting over the Internet, or by attaching your printer to your computer via a USB cable and allowing the printer to Canon Wireless Printer Setup.
This video will walk you through the steps required to successfully install your PIXMA printerin a Wireless (WIFI) configuration. *Please note — Not all.
The Wireless Setup Wizard, which you run from the printer‘s control panel. (Not available for printers without a touch display). … If it does not connect, you are given the opportunity to print a Wireless Network Test report that will help you find out what may be wrong.
Using Printer with Wireless Direct. You can connect devices (e.g. smartphone or tablet) to the printer by two methods below. … This section describes wireless direct, which allows you to print by connecting the devices to the printer directly.
how to connect canon mg 3500 to google cloud printer quick menu canon pixma mg3500 series ip for canon mg3500 new router … It is a series 3500 from Canon. According to the quick setup instructions, the printer should have been added automatically to my router.
Canon mg3100 wireless setup problems. … Canon mg3100 wireless setup problems. My laptop cannot see the printer even thou both are on with wireless on.
PIXMA Wireless Print Setup. … Then choose your wireless access point or wireless router from the list, enter your password then press ‘end set up‘. … To install the

########
Rank: 19
Score: 54.987457
Retrieved Text: Options include color or black and white scanning, pdf or TIFF file format, and the location where you wish to send the scanned images. Hard Drive Format Technology. Where is Tab Paper output available from. See your browser’s documentation for specific instructions. Click on the title for more information. The driver may be included in your OS or you may not need a driver.
You can enter up to copies. One Touch Canon ir-adv. Toner Replace Canon iR. Canon Direct print and scan Viewed times since Wed, Sep 16, Canon is printing FAX 2-sided – Duplex. Coded Speed Cwnon Locations.
Drivers Software Firmware Cnon Loading If the machine makes a connection, the fax board will transmit the pages to the receiving fax machine. Setting Black and White as a default for Printing.
Click to highlight the Canon iF from the list of available printers. There are no Recommended Downloads available. Find Supplies and Accessories About Counterfeits. Scanning 1 Place the documents you want to scan face up into the automatic document feeder. Max data size for sending for iRADV.
User Data List for Canon iR Find Supplies and Accessories About Counterfeits. I have read and understand the information above, and wish to download the designated software. Not able to scan multiple separate document to same destination-canon send.
Press the “Scanner” button located on the mail panel canoj the iF. Canon – Universal Send Error Codes.
There is no utility for the OS Version you selected. Place up to 50 pages of letter-sized paper face up in the automatic document feeder. Please contact

########
Rank: 20
Score: 54.93972
Retrieved Text: Canon PIXMA MP260 Printer Driver is the middle software (software) using connect between computers with printers .
If you want download Canon PIXMA MP260 printer driver You need to go to the Canon support page to select the correct driver suitable for the operating-system that you run.
This topic We will share Canon PIXMA MP260 printer exactly driver download link to your advantage for more quickly get.
Canon PIXMA MP260 Printer errors like “Windows fails to recognize the new hardware” are not uncommon, especially when you are trying to installing your new printers or plug in it to your computer.
It is likely that your Canon PIXMA MP260 driver was Install incorrectly in such a case, & for this reason System is unable to recognize the device.
Error 1 – Windows Explorer has encountered a problem and needs to close. We are sorry for any inconvenience.
Error 2 – Spoolsv.exe has encountered a problem & needs to close. We are sorry for the inconvenience.
How to download Canon PIXMA MP260 printers driver?
– Step 1 power on the printers & the computer.
– Then disable the screen saver, virus protect program and other software running on pc.
– Click on link above (or click here) to visit Canon PIXMA MP260 printers driver get page from Canon, then get your driver and save to your pc.
– Double press left mouse on the driver file to extract all the Canon PIXMA MP260 driver files to a directory on your hard drive (D, E or Desktop on C Drive). Canon PIXMA MP260 driver files will be decompressed with a

########
Rank: 21
Score: 54.875973
Retrieved Text: Canon PIXMA MX370 Driver, Software, and Manual Printer Download – The PIXMA MX370 All-In-One Printer from Canon combine premium picture handling with workplace paper functions in 1 portable device. The MX370 prints as much as 8.7 ipm in black as well as 5.0 ipm in the shade. With 4800 dpi color resolution and also small 2.0 pl ink decrease provide high-quality output. It’s easy to print picture lab-quality indeterminate prints right in the house from your computer system. The packed software application suite, including Easy-PhotoPrint Ex Lover, overviews you via the procedure of printing pictures, consisting of touch-up and also image correction.
Download the latest drivers, software, firmware and user manuals provided by Printerdownload.net for Canon MX370 Printer.
Such As Canon MX376 Driver, The power cord slot and also High-Speed USB 2.0 printer wire ports lie in the back. Included with the Canon MX370 Printer is a facsimile cable, power cord, setup and also setup CD with the complete Canon software collection as well as chauffeurs, as well as the user handbook.
Compatibility and System Requirements Canon MX370 Printer for Windows XP, Vista, Win 7, 8, 8.1 (64 Bit / x64 / 32 Bit / x86), Mac OS / OS X and Linux (32-Bit / 64-Bit).
Of course, Before the printer can print documents or photos, You need to install the Canon MX370 driver on your PC or laptop. Below are the quick guide to installing the driver.
In this method, the presence of an installation CD for Canon MX 370 Printer is not necessary.
First, A file of driver setup for

########
Rank: 22
Score: 54.480087
Retrieved Text: Canon imagePROGRAF iPF820 Printer Driver is the middle software (middleware) using plug in between computers with printers .
To download Canon imagePROGRAF iPF820 printer driver You have to visit the Canon home page to choose the true driver suitable for the operating-system that you run.
This article I’ll share Canon imagePROGRAF iPF820 printer exactly driver download link to your advantage for more quickly get.
How to get Canon imagePROGRAF iPF820 printer driver?
– Step 1 power on the printer & the pc.
– Step 2 quit the screen saver, virus protect program and other driver running on laptop.
– Click on link above to visit Canon imagePROGRAF iPF820 printers driver get page from Canon, then download your driver & save to your computer.
– Choose a directory to save the file in & click Save .
– Double press left mouse on the file to extract all the Canon imagePROGRAF iPF820 driver files to a directory on your hard drive (D, E or Desktop on C Drive). Setup files will be decompressed with a name same as the name of the printer model that you have downloaded (for example: LBP6000_R101_V102A_W32…). However , you can change the path and directory name while unzip .
How to setup Canon printer driver ?
– Open extracted dir and exactly click to the Setup.exe icon, then choose Open to Run the Canon imagePROGRAF iPF820 Driver Installer Program.
– Next step the CAPT Printer Driver – Setup Wizard will accurrence, you click “Next” button to start installing your Canon imagePROGRAF iPF820 printer driver.
– In the Canon imagePROGRAF iPF820 License Agreement – you

########
Rank: 23
Score: 54.350323
Retrieved Text: Canon i-SENSYS LBP151dw Driver Download – Hi there, fellow Canon i-SENSYS LBP151dw user! As soon as all the printer driver data are extracted, you still need to install the printer driver. Hence observe these Technodrivers steps, as you might use the Add Printer Wizard to aid you do this.
On this page, you must pick out the slot that the printer can make use of to communicate through the computer. Most personal computers work with LTP ports. If your printer is actually linked to a USB slot, pick out the USB slot option in the following slot list, and then click on Next.
In the Open box, type Control printers], afterwards select OK. The “Printers and Faxes” window opens up.
On the upcoming page, hit Local Printer of Canon i-SENSYS LBP151dw attached to this laptop. Essential note: Make clear that the Automatically locate and install my Plug and Play printer check pack is actually not picked.
When you have situated the proper directory, press Open.
The path for your directory will right now surface in the copy creator’s files from box in the Install From Disk dialog box.Press OK.
The color printers that you will install needs to be listed in the Install Printer Software dialog box. Select the Canon i-SENSYS LBP151dw printer to hook up, afterwards press Next.
If you are actually prompted to choose an existing driver, choose Replace existing driver, afterwards press Next. When you select to removed and replace the existing driver, Windows would try to replace the existing data on your device using the new ones that you

########
Rank: 24
Score: 54.313988
Retrieved Text: The blue Wi-Fi lamp on the printer will continue to ﬂash while searching, and the Power and Wi-Fi lamps will both flash when connecting to the access point. When the printer has successfully made a connection to your wireless network, the Power and Wi-Fi lamps will stop flashing and remain lit.
To confirm that your printer is successfully connected to your wireless network, you can print out the network settings of your printer if you wish: Make sure that your printer is turned on. Load a sheet of A4 or Letter-sized plain paper.
Canon PIXMA MG3650 Wireless Printer Setup: Place one end of the power cord into the correct interface on the Canon mg3650 printer and connect the other end to the wall power outlet. Turn the printer on to select your language preference on the operation panel. Press the OK button.
How To Connect Canon MG3250 Printer Wifi. How To Connect Canon MG3250 Printer Wifi.. CanonPIXMA MG3250 wireles connection setup, see instructions on how to set up a wireless connection on your printer and also how to reset the printer to factory / startup settings.
Just bought a new MG3650 and unfortunately I can’t get it to connect to my router. The router doesn’t have the WPS button, so the troubleshooting instructions I’m getting are useless.
Connect, print, copy and scan the way you want with this Wi-Fi All-In-One that delivers fast high quality, borderless prints. Effortlessly print stunning borderless photos packed with high levels of detail, plus professional looking documents with sharp text – thanks to Canon’s FINE cartridge

########
Rank: 25
Score: 54.032154
Retrieved Text: Process for reset the printer Canon PIXMA MP220, follow the next step, if you have problem, please send a coment.
The Canon multifunction printer is for domestic and micro enterprises uses, these printers can scan, print and copy.
Photographic quality and great performance can be obtained from these printers, they are compatible with the Windows and Mac OS X operative systems and use PG-40 black and PG-41 tricolor ink cartridges, these cartridges are easily fulfilled you can see it in our post on how to refill the PG-40 Canon black ink cartridge and how to refill the PG-41 Canon tricolor ink cartridge.
The next step is to reset the pages counter or the ink deposits of the printer. The printer can get blocked or not allowing to print when it is being used with ink systems o when the cartridges have been changed a considerably amount of times, the printer as it is known has a pages counter indicating to what amount of pages the pads and sponges do not have an optimus state to work.
When resetting the counter the printer will allow us to print many more pages in the future. This process is very simple and can be done from the own buttons of the printer in the front panel.
Read the following procedure carefully, in case it does not work o is not as proposed here please leave a comment in this post.
Turn off the printer, with the printer off press the "Stop/Reset" button also known as the “restart” button, while having the “restart” button pressed also

########
Rank: 26
Score: 53.831482
Retrieved Text: I am trying to hook my wireless printer to my network but it says i need to push the wps button on my router so my printer can connect to it. there is Connecting wireless printer canon mg2950 I have a netgear 7550 modem, a linksys/cisco e2000 wireless router and and epson stylus usb printer.... Canon printer won't print wirelessly I've had my Canon Pixma MG 3122 wireless printer set up to print wirelessly since I've bought it and recently It won't allow me to print without connecting the USB cable.
Home / Hardware / Canon Printer / MG5250 Wireless Setup. Setting up the printer wirelessly. On the printer itself, press the up or down arrow (near the OK button). Beneath the display are 3 square buttons. Press the third button. Using the arrow buttons on the wheel, highlight the option “Wireless LAN Set up” and press the OK button. If asked to activate, select Yes and press OK. You will how to create payload for dynamo db arduino I am trying to hook my wireless printer to my network but it says i need to push the wps button on my router so my printer can connect to it. there is Connecting wireless printer canon mg2950 I have a netgear 7550 modem, a linksys/cisco e2000 wireless router and and epson stylus usb printer.
Home / Hardware / Canon Printer / MG5250 Wireless Setup. Setting up the printer wirelessly. On the printer itself, press the up or down arrow (near the OK button). Beneath the display are 3

########
Rank: 27
Score: 53.829643
Retrieved Text: Canon PIXMA MG2940 Driver Download and User Manual for Windows, Linux, and Mac OS – If you are in the mood to search for high-end and sophisticated printing device, make sure to consider Canon PIXMA MG2940 as your replacement. Of course, due to convenient usage and user-friendly printer, this device being placed on the first-place printer being recommended for light to heavy duty printing needs. Furthermore, as a multifunctional printer, you can perform three functions such as printing, scanning, and copying in only one device.
Your creative mind will never stop since Canon PIXMA MG2940 offers you with such functional software known as My Image Garden, and also Easy-Web-Print EX. Those are online-based software in which you can create a layout, edit, and enhanced your photo printing and images. In the other hand, the Easy-WebPrint EX is used for web page printing in the easy procedure. Unless you want to spend more money, you can buy this device instead for saving up.
Another useful feature on Canon MG2940 including Auto Power On/Off where you can regulate the printer to be efficient in usage. This feature lets the printer to know whenever you are ready for printing or finish to deliver any documents. In the end, with small dimension and size, you will find any convenience while finding for the perfect place to put this printer on.
You need to have a driver or software for Canon PIXMA MG2940, for the file of a driver, you can download on the link below.
Next step, you can follow this instruction below to

########
Rank: 28
Score: 53.647675
Retrieved Text: Printer Canon brand is still the favorite and is widely used everywhere.
Besides the price is relatively cheap (for the entry level), the print is pretty good too refills are not complicated. Well, if you are loyal users of Canon printer, and having some problems with your printer on this one. Listen wrote several common diseases that often occurs in the following Canon Printers.
The solution, this solution must you do every time you turn on the printer, because this step is temporary.
When your printer is disconnected from the electricity, then the blinking will appear again. this way better for you if you are not familiar with ways to reset the printer using the software.
1. Unplug the power cable from your printer.
2. Press and hold the Power button while you plug the power cable.
3. The power indicator light will appear yellow.
4. Release the power button, when you have finished installing the power cable.
5. Then press the power button to turn on your printer.
6. Ensure your printer is not blinking anymore. But when your printer is disconnected from the electricity, then the blinking will appear, and you just repeat the above steps.
2. Then open the lid or cover of your printer.
Try to cleaning a few times, if this does not work well, wash your catrige manually. But, the best solution, based on the experience of some users, you must change your printer Catrige.
Now your computer will detect a new printer, just follow the instruction on your monitor until complete.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 53.46388
Retrieved Text: Neither has a clue! there are no torx screws on a Canon printer, and if you could get the absorber replaced, you wouldn't have access to the service mode to reset the counter. It's a shop repair.
Once done, the Cartridge cleaning station is to be seen under where the cartridges park when not in use. In order to get to it you will see a white plastic wheel (Low on the RHS ) which puts the Cleaning Station through it's cycle when driven by it's motor.
Remove the connector to the motor and, with a small flat screwdriver engaging the notches in the wheel, push the wheel round until the cartridge holder is free to move to the left along the carriage, clearing the Cleaning station.You will find a small Torx screw either at the front of the cleaning station (Seen as a plastic box/tray with felt pads in it) or at the RHS of the station. Remove this screw and then push the station towards the rear of the printer frame and lift from the front at the same time. It should then lift out towards you. ( You would be well advised to be wearing a pair of surgical gloves at this time, cleaning stations are particularly messy!) and don't attempt this operation on your best table cloth!
Having removed the station you can now remove the ink soaking pads, in order, empty the tray and soak the pads in an alchohol solution to remove the ink.
(Lightly soapy water may do the trick if no Isopropyl

================



======= Instance Index 7793 =========
Input Text: If a description of a situation begins like this: [header] How to fix brassy hair color [title] Determine your brassy tone. [step] When hair color turns brassy, the tones range from yellowish orange to copper. In general, those with darker blonde shades will end up with brassiness that is copper toned, while lighter blonde shades usually lean toward more yellow tones.... Then how
does it continue? 

Ending 1: This should be noted as the result of changing hair shades at young ages. Have confidence when deciding what shape to achieve.

Ending 2: Strands of hair may also be off-white, though there's no magic formula for determining brassy tone at the time of this article. [substeps] Use the same method to determine whether your hair is vibrant red or orange, either.

Ending 3: Once you've figured out which camp you fall into, you can more effectively combat your brassy strands. [substeps] It is possible to have both yellow and copper toned brassiness present in your hair color.

Ending 4: [substeps] Excess brassiness can cause hair to fall out around the time that you shampoo and condition your hair. Brassiness can also cause hair to grow in as you age.

Target Text: Ending 3

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 108.24496
Retrieved Text: How to tone Down Brassy Hair Color at Home Popular for How to Fix Brassy orange Hair is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at March 9, 2019 upload by Lauren Lopez in .
How to tone Down Brassy Hair Color at Home Popular for How to Fix Brassy orange Hair - We hope that , by posting this How to tone Down Brassy Hair Color at Home Popular for How to Fix Brassy orange Hair , we can fulfill your needs of inspiration for designing your home. If you need more ideas to Bob Haircut, you can check at our collection right below this post.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 105.51391
Retrieved Text: Perfect blondes, lovely brunettes, striking highlights and gorgeous ombres.
You know what those things have in common?
That's right, they all carry the risk of brassy hair. Here we will share you the list of how to get rid of brassy hair.
While your hair may look amazing right after you dye it and during the weeks that follow, color treated hair, particularly hair that has been dyed blonde, light brunette and red will start morphing into yellow, orange and coppery tones that look unnatural and unhealthy.
This is what we call brassy hair.
Brassy hair is a natural, almost expected part of dying your hair which is why there are plenty of things you can do to get rid of it.
​How To Get Rid of Brassy Hair?
Here are seven easy things you can do to get rid of brassy hair and keep your treated hair looking its best.
This is basically a must when it comes to blonde hair but it can help you with brassy hair even if your hair is brunette.
The violet tones of purple shampoo will help fight the coppery tones of brassy hair, disguising and even eliminating them for good.
While purple shampoo is effective, remember not to use it every day, particularly is your hair is blonde or platinum because when you do you risk turning your hair purple.
Green shampoo isn't as popular as the purple one but it can be just as effective thanks to the same reasons.
If your brassy hair has a darker color or looks reddish this is the shampoo you want to use,

########
Rank: 2
Score: 96.590614
Retrieved Text: If you’ve ever lightened your hair by any method, you know that sometimes it doesn’t turn out exactly like you want it. Sometimes the hair color you get is not ideal. That’s where a toner comes in! In our toners buying guide, we’ll take a look at products that take the brassy and yellow tones out of bleached or blonde hair to leave you with gorgeous locks! First, let’s take a look at some of the things you should know.
Type: What type of product is it? Toners can come in many forms, from shampoos to creams that you allow to sit in your hair and then rinse out, commonly called hair masks. Masks are sometimes more effective.
Hair Color: What color are the toners aiming to fix? Most likely this is some shade of blonde, or just blonde in general since they are commonly used to treat bleached or lightened hair. This is important for determining which to get.
Paraben-Free: Parabens are a type of chemical added to some cosmetic and healthcare products that are supposed to act as preservatives. They’re actually not very good for you, so paraben-free products are just better for you in general.
Ammonia Free: Ammonia free dyes and toners won’t have a strong smell as they’re being applied, but they might actually be less effective because of the way that the ammonia helps to bind color to your hair. Weight the benefits!
Money Back Guarantee: Some toners come with a guarantee that you’re going to love it. If you don’t, they’ll send your money back

########
Rank: 3
Score: 96.30155
Retrieved Text: A blonde hair style can range from light platinum to darker shades of ash or golden blonde, even a rose/gold hue.Choosing a tone that will enhance your natural complexion can be tricky if you’re confused by the nuances of color.
This page provides photos and descriptions of different blonde shades to help you narrow down what color will be best for you. Hair coloring is a science. It’s complicated, yes. Not so complicated that it can’t be figured out.
But if you’re flying by the seat of your pants, with little or no related technical knowledge, it’ll show in your results. If you’ve had trouble getting a nice result when lightening your hair, read the tips here and on the recommended pages for more detail.
Click any image in the gallery below to enlarge and start slideshow. Then use (i) icon for descriptions.
Blonde hair color tends to change tones gradually after the initial color process. Minerals from water, products containing alcohol and fade due to shampooing/cleansing all contribute to the shift in tones. Using a pigmented shampoo and/or conditioner will help maintain the original tone of your color, whether the purpose is to enrich a dark, warm blonde or neutralize unwanted brassy tones.
When not using a color depositing product, make sure your shampoo and conditioner are safe for colored hair. Some cleansers are too harsh, scrubbing your precious pigments right out of the hair shaft! A non-lathering cleanser like DevaCurl No Poo is a great option. It maintains the shine and luster of your color by adding moisture and

########
Rank: 4
Score: 93.99952
Retrieved Text: COOL BLONDE TONING Shampoo – Improves brightness and reduces “brassy” tones.
COOL BLONDE TONING SHAMPOO reduces those “brassy” tones that blondes get. Now you can get the same in-salon toning service at home! Cool Blonde works to reduce gold and yellow tones from highlighted hair to give a more (Professional Grade toning shampoo)”cool” tone look even in-between your color service. Use with Silk Protein Conditioner to help give moisture and shine back to hair.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 93.77935
Retrieved Text: A purple treatment mask that neutralizes brassy or yellow tones for light blonde hair.
Highlighted, colored, or bleached blonde hair tends to become grey or yellow over time, while natural blonde hair can become dull and lack shine. The nourishing ingredients in this tinting hair maskalmond butter, shea butter, and buriti oilcombined with an acidic pH of 4.5 help minimize porosity, fix natural oxidation, and evenly distribute color. The selection of iridescent pigments and fiorentina iris neutralizes brassy or yellow tones, restoring the shine, brightness, and contrast of hair color.
The longer you leave this mask on, the more intense your results will be. Feel free to mix with other shade variation masks to create your own custom color nuance. This product is not tested on animals, and is free of silicones, oxidants, and ammonia.
-Wash your hair with the Brightening shampoo with camomile and cornflower to reset the hair fiber.
-Leave in for five to 30 minutes depending on the desired intensity.
-Note: for the first application, leave the product on for only five minutes so that you can determine your desired shade.
-Please perform a 48-hour skin test before application to avoid allergy risk.
-For the first application, please respect the five-minute processing time to evaluate the result on your hair.
-Wash your hands immediately after application to avoid coloring your nails.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 92.999916
Retrieved Text: "Sometimes with a color change, you have to sacrifice certain hair habits to keep it looking its best," says Streicher. Wiepert agrees, and recommends care when washing right after refreshing the... To remove orange tones from your hair following bleaching, deep condition your hair, bleach it again to lift color and use a cool-toned toner to neutralize the brassy or orange tones.
Haircare for coloured/bleached hair. Once you�ve bleached and toned your hair, you�ll need to care for it if you want to maintain the results. �Once you are that light, as with the ashy tones, it�s an artificial tone, meaning there�s no pigment left in the hair. If you�re using a cheap shampoo and conditioner, you�re essentially just washing the tone out with each wash, whereas... Many women prefer to dye or bleach their hair blonde or add blonde hightlights. Not only do they prefer that color, but they go one step further and choose platinum blonde.
13/03/2014�� Blonde hair is beautiful, but it is one of the harder colors to maintain, necessitating a little extra effort to keep it looking its best. If you don't tone blonde hair regularly, it can begin to turn an unappealing brassy shade. how to know your baby doesnt like a certain.bottle Henna hair dye offers bleached hair a conditioning treatment, as well as a darker color because the henna dye coats your hair's outer cuticle (See Reference 2). Henna won't cause further damage to your hair like other dyes because it doesn't change the structure or texture of your hair

########
Rank: 7
Score: 91.39588
Retrieved Text: Why just be blonde when you can be a Blondeshell?
This gentle purple shampoo for blonde hair is specially formulated to maintain brightness and neutralize brassy hair tones in lighter shades.
Lovely violet shampoo color complements all light shades including yellow blonde hair, silver blonde hair and brassy blonde hair.
Fade-fighting complex with chamomile helps to neutralize brassy hair and enhance the beautiful tones of blonde, gray and silver hair.
Blend of keratin and amino acids help to improve the hair’s strength and resilience, making it the best purple shampoo for blondes.
Avocado oil delivers essential vitamins and nutrients to boost hair health.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 87.69107
Retrieved Text: KMS Color Vitality Blonde Repair Conditioner illuminates blondes and fights yellowing of lightened, highlighted, natural blonde, grey or white hair after just one use.
Blonde strands don't have to feel dry. This reparative conditioner moisturizes brittle, blonde locks while maintaining vibrancy.
Fight back against brassy tones with KMS Color Vitality Blonde Repair Conditioner. This conditioner moisturizes and repairs damage while fighting off yellow and brassy tones.
Work through towel-dried hair. Diffuse or air dry.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 86.94585
Retrieved Text: Sahara Blonde will produce a reddish golden tone on light blonde to medium blonde hair. The longer you leave it on the more color will be added to your hair which is the case for all henna's. Sahara blonde is suitable for blonde hair to add some gold color and can be applied to grey hair for a golden blonde color. If by chance you feel the color is a little brassy, just leave it and you will find with some shampooing the color will settle and look more natural in a short time. Sometimes it is a good idea when you need to retouch the roots and leave the ends so as not to result in any brassy color. Always do a test strand first as henna can be unreliable. .

########
Rank: 10
Score: 86.86975
Retrieved Text: 4/04/2011�� Best Answer: tone it! If your hair is orange, you'll need a BLUE toner. Get silver lady by wella from sally's. mix it with 3oz of 20 developer. Leave on for about 20 minutes or until the toner appears to be a bright purple. ONLY apply to orange areas of your hair. then buy a dye or toner �... If you feel like the toner just DOESNT last in your hair, the are a number of factors why this can happen. Number one is , if you use a shampoo with sulphates and parabens - it's basically like washing your hair with dish washing liquid.
In this video I show you how to get rid of brassiness in blonde hair using Wella toner. This toner works great to get rid of orange tones caused by bleac.... While there are a variety of different ways to rid your blond hair of an ash toner, the most common and effective way is to counteract the undesired ash tone with a warm tone. Identify the specific shade of your hair, and then choose a warm tone that counteracts it.
The point of a toner is to neutralize unwanted colors from the hair after the initial bleaching, highlighting or dyeing procedures. Toners can help provide the hair �... 11/03/2015�� It sounds like I need green-based ash brown hair dye, which is not toner? Does ash brown dye automatically have green in it? And is this permanent dye or semi-permanent dye? Please read to the end of the article under section Same

########
Rank: 11
Score: 86.15351
Retrieved Text: how to fix brassy brown hair. This Website provides high quality images about Hair Styles Inspiration. These awesome pictures collections about how to fix brassy brown hair are available to download. We collect this best photos from the internet and choose the best for you. how to fix brassy brown hair photos and pictures collection that posted here was carefully selected and uploaded by Hair Styler Sofia at April 8, 2018, after choosing the ones that are best among the others.
Browse another Hair Styles Ideas like this in Brown Hair archive. If you want to own as yours, please click the download view full size below so you can choose the size of how to fix brassy brown hair in any format size.
We have the best gallery of the latest Hairstyles to your inspiration and informational purpose regarding the how to fix brassy brown hair as part of Hairstyles exclusive updates collection. So, take your time and find the best how to fix brassy brown hair images and pictures posted here that suitable for your needs and use it for your own collection and personal use. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest in this pictures.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 85.16241
Retrieved Text: I've been using bleach to lighten my hair for the past four or five years. I realized late in life (relatively speaking, I've been highlighting my hair since sixth grade) that my hair doesn't take to normal blonde hair dye. When my current hair stylist told me this, it made my traumatic orangey-blonde hair from eighth grade make so much more sense. Since the only way to lighten my hair is bleach, the texture and state of my hair does get affected (somewhat dramatically, but not too bad in the grand scheme of things) by the chemicals. For a while, my hair would feel somewhat like straw until I deep conditioned enough. It'd be in seemingly rough shape for a little bit before I'd get it under control and back to my normal hair texture.
When it comes to day to day shampooing and conditioning, my go to since I started college has been the L'Oreal line. Typically I use the Total Repair 5 Restoring shampoo (yellow bottle), but from time to time when my hair feels incredibly dehydrated I use the Hydrating shampoo and conditioner set (blue bottle). When it comes to drugstore hair care products, I prefer these L'Oreal ones for a normal duo that do a great job at, you know, the basics of keeping my hair clean and smooth, but also to add strength and shine back to my hair.
Another must have in my haircare arsenal is a heat protectant spray. I refuse to use heat on my hair if I don't have

########
Rank: 13
Score: 85.06247
Retrieved Text: great, blonde, brassy, color and purple.
This product had a total of 423 reviews as of our last analysis date on Apr 7 2019.
Extremely impressed with the packaging & the bonus bottle that came with it!
Turned my yellow, brassy blonde into a white silver tone!
In only 10 minutes, it took all the brassy color out of my blonde hair.
However the condition on the other hand is extremely light.
I was hoping to receive both with similar colors but the reason i am downgrading the star is just because i found better results with the shampoo then i had with the conditioner.
The conditioner is okay for occasional use but not very moisturizing if you have dry hair.
I bought this product because of the review i found online.
Leave in your hair for a few minutes and the brass will go away.
I found shimmer lights left my hair dry and damaged.
Within 24 hours the blonde was more gold-orange and i looked nothing like i did only a day before.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 84.965775
Retrieved Text: Chamomile is the lightest blonde shade of the collection. It is a permanent, neutral shade with high lift.
This color product is perfect for people with a dark blonde or lighter hair color. It is not recomended for people starting off with hair darker than a light brown, because it will leave darker hair brassy. This shade will likely not be quite as light as the model on the box, depending on your starting color. This shade will flatter anyone with a pale to a peaches and cream skine tone. Not recomended for dark to olive complextions, because of how light this shade is, it will not appear as natural. because this is a neutral shade, expect it to turn out more yellow or brassy than the shade one the box, however this is easily remmedied by a toning shampoo or violet based toner.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 83.61356
Retrieved Text: Best blonde hair color can be determined by skin color. Actually, there are some other factors which can be used to determine which blonde hair color is best for women. At first, they have to know that there are types of blonde hair. These various types emerge since each of them has its own characteristics and look. The first type of blonde hair color is dark or sandy blonde. Actually, it is called as neutral color which will be complementary to the cool skin tones. Therefore, it fits to cooler skin tone. The sandy blonde hair is not golden at all. It is not yellow either. This sandy blonde hair is in the middle of being golden and yellow.
Strawberry blonde hair is the second type of blonde hair color. This is a blonde hair color with strong red tint. This is best blonde hair color for women who have warm skin tone. In this case, they have to know that they can paint their hair with bright or light strawberry blonde hair. The darker strawberry blonde seems to close to the red hair.
The last type of the blonde hair color is platinum. It is far away from being natural. Actually, it is not impossible that the platinum can be natural. However, most of women decide to lighten it up. Compared to the other blonde hair colors, this is the lightest one. When they bleach it out, it means that they will not have natural platinum blonde hair color. A toner should be applied. It becomes the

########
Rank: 16
Score: 83.28319
Retrieved Text: A dramatic hair dye in vibrant dark purple tone – the chalk that will hide every brassy tone or hint of orange in your hair! A violet hair color for instant effect!
Temporarily Dye Your Hair Dark Purple with Zero Hassle!
Safe, non-toxic way to color your hair Purple without bleaching. Suitable for kids.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 82.88767
Retrieved Text: Rated 2 out of 5 by gorgeousmomma from Just "OK." I have had a problem with my hair color turning "brassy" at the roots, after coloring my hair. This usually happens 2 weeks after I color my hair. I really wanted this product to WORK, but was a little nervous, when I read "after 3 washes," I would notice a difference. I actually used this product for almost a month, before writing my review. My roots are still brassy, but there is a slight difference in it looking "somewhat" better. I find this shampoo makes my roots very oily after 24 hours and after just 1 week of use, my overall hair felt very dry. Will try other products from John Frieda, but won't buy this again! Not a bad product, just needs some tweeking!
Rated 5 out of 5 by Lori from Surpassed my expectations My colour had turned brassy and I read an article recommending several colour correcting shampoos. The John Frieda one had the best price, so I decided to try it first. Well, it will also be the last one I try, because I love it and will stick with it! After 2 or 3 shampoos I already noticed a 100% improvement in the tone of my hair colour - no more brassiness! As a bonus, it smells lovely and left my hair very soft and manageable.
Rated 5 out of 5 by Heather from FANTASTIC PRODUCT!!! Sheer Blonde Cover Renew Tone Correcting Shampoo is the ONLY product that I have found that REALLY

########
Rank: 18
Score: 82.48377
Retrieved Text: Loreal Preference Hair Color offers with rich and long lasting color.
L'Oreal's Superior Preference Fade-Resistant color in every box keeps your hair true-to-the-tone for weeks, with every strand shining with rich, long-lasting color. Color won't turn dull or brassy.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 81.80231
Retrieved Text: Healthy, vibrant blonde hair never goes out of style. In fact, it’s one of the top trending hair colors in Hollywood right now! When people found out Kim Kardashian went platinum blonde, it started a social media frenzy…because it’s such a bold and easily noticeable fashion choice. But blonde hair coloring is not always easy to maintain. Never fear, because there are a bunch of ways to make your blonde hair last longer and stay vibrant. Among other tips, these include using a Purple Shampoo.
Not all blonde hair maintenance needs to be done in salons. Some natural, easy, at-home tips can boost your hair color when you’re in between professional visits.
Try skipping a day in between washes.
Reduce the heat on your flat iron.
Don’t use too many oils at the base of your scalp to avoid blocking your pores.
Use a Deep Conditioning Treatment on a weekly or monthly basis depending on your hair needs.
If you’ve bleached your hair to lighten it, chances are that your hair’s in need of some moisturizing, fast! Bleaching your hair can make it dry and damaged over time, as the hair becomes more brittle and easily breakable. What you need to do in this case is try a deep conditioning treatment to restore your hair’s hydration and make sure that blonde color has a healthy canvas to glow on. For a deep conditioning treatment with keratin, try the Juvexin-infused GKhair Deep Conditioner, which is free of harsh chemicals and uses natural oils and extracts to nourish and protect hair.
It’s no secret that

########
Rank: 20
Score: 81.597275
Retrieved Text: As we head into Fall and cooler temps (hopefully!), most of us are experiencing that end of summer problem… dull and damaged hair from too much time in the pool or the ocean, exposure to sun, hats and more! So it’s the perfect time to share my favorite tips on fixing that, just in time for new styles and new fashions.
Honestly, my hair was a mess. Dry, dull and frizzy. Knowing that I couldn’t be the only person going through this, I decided to seek professional help from one of our stylists who would not only fix this, ASAP, but also would teach me how to avoid this next summer!
So please meet my friend, Heidy, who is a fantastic stylist and also our retail manager for Goldwell Hair Care products at J. Russell the Salon. Step one included a discussion about my hair, and my concerns, and then we went to work. Next up, a soothing visit to the wash area, where Heidy gently cleaned and conditioned my hair with Goldwell Blonde & Highlights shampoo and conditioner. She explained that Goldwell is a specific line of products specially created to work with color treated hair. The company started with a line of hair colors, so their hair care products are designed specifically to address hair like mine. She recommends it for all of her clients because it’s nourishing to the hair, doesn’t weigh hair down and is user friendly.
For summer damaged hair, the Goldwell Blonde shampoo & conditioner helps prevent brassy tones, which is important in

########
Rank: 21
Score: 81.32534
Retrieved Text: Protect your blonde highlights from going yellow with the Vitamino Color A-OX CC Cream for blonde hair. In just one action, neutralise brassy tones for a magnified blonde and more natural looking tones. Hair is left feeling smooth and the blonde tones perfected. Apply to washed and towel-dried hair for 5 to 10 minutes. Rinse thoroughly and ensure the product is fully removed.
Click the button below to add the L'Oreal Serie Expert Vitamino Color Cream CC Blonde 150ml to your wish list.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 81.177284
Retrieved Text: Neutralise unwanted shades in blonde and silver hair with the Total Results Color Obsessed So Silver Shampoo from Matrix. The shampoo corrects yellow tones on blonde and grey hair and deposits cool violet tones to neutralise brassy warmth and illuminate highlights.
The rich, creamy, violet shampoo gently cleanses lightened hair, leaving effortless shine.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 81.04943
Retrieved Text: Help . . . bad high lights went too brassy!
Hi, I have dirty/blonde hair which I’ve been using permanent hair color on (in light, medium & dark brown) for about three years. I’m ready to go blond-ish again, have yellow-golden undertones that become sickly with the dark hair. I gave myself highlights last night & they look very brassy & unnatural…I JUST want to be golden blonde, don’t need too much in the way of lightning, on a budget though.
My best suggestion here is, don’t try to fix a bad highlight job yourself! . . . Stop! The next step is a critical one. Although it can be fixed, it will take a good hair colorist to get the right hair color formula and application to correct this.
When it comes to hair highlighting, lowlighting or any other hair color changes that involves darkening or lightening by more than two hair color shades, you would do yourself a BIG favor by leaving the job to a reputable hair colorist. Even a professional hair colorist can get it wrong, but they should know how to fix it.
The technique of foiling in hair highlights (which is the best procedure in my opinion) is a learned skill. The width of your sections and the width of pieces of hair to be highlighted in each section have a specific effect. I don’t have the dexterity to be able to do this on myself, and I know how its done! I want someone who has done this over and over and over

########
Rank: 24
Score: 80.47345
Retrieved Text: Indola Blond Addict Ice Shimmer Spray is designed to help you achieve perfect cool blondes.
Its formula, containing hydrolyzed keratin, neutralizes yellow and brassy tones while adding smoothness to hair.
Ice Shimmer Spray is part of step #2 (Care) in Indola's Blond Addict range. To achieve an extra icy cool look, use Indola's Instacool Shampoo or otherwise with Blond Addict Shampoo as step #1 (Wash) in your blonde hair care regime.
Blonde shampoo that instantly neutralizes and optimally eliminates brassy tones for the brightest of blondes.
Available in a 250-ml tube.
Specialised shampoo designed to wash and build bonds in all types of blonde or highlighted hair.
Available in 250 ml or 1000 ml.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 80.21268
Retrieved Text: Make sure enough product is being used. Hair should be saturated and product should be combed roots to ends.
Yellow/ brassy blonde tones may play in effect with end result depending on Color + chosen.
Silver, Silver Blue, Light Pink and Platinum are geared towards the light blondes.
The Silver may turn a greenish hue IF the hair has any yellow tones, Platinum will brighten blonde hair, Silver Blue will counter any brassy/orange tones.
Precaution: This product may cause skin irritation on certain individuals. A preliminary patch and strand test should be performed before use. This product must not be used for dying the eyelashes or eyebrows. Rinse immediately with water if eye contact occurs.Direct Dyes should not be removed with ammonia/peroxide. If you are making a drastic color change, consult a salon professional.
Water / Aqua / Eau, Cetyl Alcohol, Glycerin, Behentrimonium Chloride, Cocamidopropyl Betaine, Stearamidopropyl Dimethylamine, Sorbitan Laurate, Cocamidopropyl Hydroxysultaine, Phenoxyethanol, Caprylyl Glycol, PEG-12 Dimethicone, Fragrance (Parfum), Hydrolyzed Keratin, Cocos Nucifera Oil, Butyrospermum Parkii Butter, Rosa Moschata Seed Oil, Simmondsia Chinensis Seed Oil, Prunus Amygdalus Dulcis Oil, Citrus Grandis Fruit Extract, Citric Acid, Tocopheryl Acetate, Tetrasodium EDTA, Limonene, Linalool, Basic Blue 99, Basic Orange 31, Basic Violet 2.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 79.94443
Retrieved Text: Sun exposure, heat styling, and overwashing could all be causing your brassy hair situation. Here's how to fix it. Here's how to fix it. We've got ninety-nine problems, but brassy hair ain't one.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 79.92224
Retrieved Text: Because your hair deserves nothing but the best.
As a whole, blondes have more fun. But do you know what isn't fun? Keeping unwanted brassy tones at bay.
Most blonde shampoos are a combination of violet and/or blue pigment. "Violet pigments sit on the cuticle of the hair," says Mathew Wickham, Aveda's Education Development Partner. "Violet is opposite to yellow on the colour wheel, so it neutralises unwanted yellow tones." It's a simple strategy but it gets the job done.
Although the product's name does say 'blue', this is indeed a purple shampoo, and a great one at that. "Other purple shampoos can leave hair feeling dry or overtone hair leaving a purple residue," says Aveda's Mathew Wickham, who vouches for the product's superiority.
Wash brassy tones away with a non-drying, naturally derived formula, which includes the added bonus of a wild cherry scent.
Fudge Clean Blonde Violet Toning Shampoo, $21.99 at Priceline.
This OG blonde shampoo has been around since, well, forever. At $21.99, it's affordable and effective. But don't just take our word for it—Fudge Clean Blonde Violet Toning Shampoo has a 4.7 star rating on the Priceline website.
Kevin Murphy Blonde Angel Wash, $38.95 at Adore Beauty.
We've never met a Kevin Murphy product we didn't like and this shampoo is no exception. Not only does it get rid of brassy tones, the Kevin Murphy Blonde Angel Wash also protects and injects much needed moisture into bleached hair.
Oribe Bright Blonde Shampoo, $66 at Adore Beauty.
When it comes to hair care, Oribe is at the more luxe end of the spectrum. This

########
Rank: 28
Score: 79.84996
Retrieved Text: Toners are a great way to keep processed hair looking natural, but finding the right shade and learning how to use the Wella toner correctly can take a little practice. A wella toner is used after bleaching hair to neutralize and remove brassy (yellow/orange/red) shades, keeping the blonde color intact.
Wella toner is also used to brighten or deepen a shade of blonde after hair coloring. Beige wella toner is great for getting rid of rusty-looking yellow and orange tones, while ash toner has a tendency to make hair gray. Regular use helps keep the unattractive brassiness at bay. Let us see some steps to use wella toner.
Choose a toner that suits your particular shade of hair. If your hair is medium brown to black, you will need to use peroxide to lift the color before you can dye it blonde.
Darker hair has a tendency to turn brassy, so you will need a blue-based toner to neutralize the yellow/orange color.
If your hair is dark blonde to light brown, you will need ash or golden toner to brighten or deepen your blonde color.
Mix the toner. Combine 1 part toner with 2 parts 20-volume developer, and blend them together with a brush. If your toner comes with a 10 volume developer, mix in 1 part toner and 4 parts 10-volume developer.
Shampoo your hair, and then apply the Wella hair toner onto strands that require it the most. To avoid getting the toner on strands that don’t need it, apply some hair conditioner to thwart the toner.
Allow the toner to

########
Rank: 29
Score: 79.815765
Retrieved Text: Nutrisse Ultra-Color - Ultra Light Cool Blonde Hair Color ... - Wonderful choice!
New hair color: dark blonde, or how to tone down bleached blonde hair ... Level 9 toners I tried from other companies were usually quite light.
Lighten dark hair up to 4 levels with Nutrisse Ultra Color in ultra natural blonde by Garnier. Creamy and conditioning permanent hair color without bleach.
Lighten dark hair up to 4 levels with Nutrisse Ultra Color in ultra light cool blonde by Garnier. Creamy and conditioning permanent hair color without bleach.
Client Photos Beautiful auburn ... Her color is light copper with blond highlights. ... Wedding up do with a real hair Hairpiece. Dark level 3 brown.
Hair column: Successfully go from dark to light hair for summer ... Print Change your color without damage. ... Damaged, brassy and broken blonde hair.

================



======= Instance Index 8440 =========
Input Text: If a description of a situation begins like this: [header] How to remove nail polish from acrylic nails without the nails coming off [title] Use a non-acetone based nail polish remover. [step] Since acetone may remove your acrylics, it is important to use a non-acetone nail polish remover. Many brands, such as cutex, make non-acetone nail polish removers.... Then how
does it continue? 

Ending 1: Check the bottle to ensure that you are getting the right kind. [title] Apply nail polish remover to a cotton ball.

Ending 2: These products help rid nail polish from nail nails that are not acrylic. [substeps] Non-acetone nail polish removers help remove the base of your acrylic nails without damaging the surface.

Ending 3: These products work by dissolving nail polish from the surface of the nail. [substeps] Look for brands with an ingredient such as acetone or polico.

Ending 4: You will need to read the label to determine if this product contains acetone before applying it to your nails. Follow the owner's manual or to download the general product.

Target Text: Ending 1

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 107.98386
Retrieved Text: how to safely remove acrylic nails with dental floss video art.
how to safely remove acrylic nails with gel polish on them art.
how to safely remove acrylic nails without acetone or floss art.
how to safely remove acrylic nails pho at home with dental floss art.
how to safely remove acrylic nails polih r can you at home without acetone art.
how to safely remove acrylic nails without nail polish art.
how to safely remove acrylic nails without nail polish remover or acetone art.
how to safely remove acrylic nails without nail polish remover art.
how to safely remove acrylic nails art.
how to safely remove acrylic nails at home no acetone art.
how to safely remove acrylic nails with non acetone nail polish remover art.
how to safely remove acrylic nails gel nail polish from without remover art.
how to safely remove acrylic nails s at home with nail polish remover art.
how to safely remove acrylic nails gel with nail polish remover art.
how to safely remove acrylic nails without using acetone art.
how to safely remove acrylic nails with acetone nail polish art.
how to safely remove acrylic nails acene with nail polish remover acetone art.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 100.39087
Retrieved Text: Fake nails are a great alternative to using nail polish. Instead of. Having shorter acrylic nails will make removing the acrylic nails much easier. 2. Use a nail file .
How to remove acrylic nails. Acrylic nails are basically false nails that are applied onto one's real nails.
Acetone based remover is your best bet for removing glitter polishes and darker. Non-acetone nail polish removers are perfect for acrylics and other types of .

########
Rank: 2
Score: 100.2797
Retrieved Text: On this website we recommend many pictures abaout removing gel manicure at home that we have collected from various sites vietnamseo.org, and of course what we recommend is the most excellent of picture for removing gel manicure at home. If you like the picture on our website, please do not hesitate to visit again and get inspiration from our website.
And if you want to see more images more we recommend the gallery below, you can see the picture as a reference design from your removing gel manicure at home.
Thank you for seeing gallery of removing gel manicure at home, we would be very happy if you come back.
Similar Keyword removing gel manicure at home : can i remove gel nail extensions at home, home remedies to remove gel manicure, home remedy to remove gel nail polish without acetone, how do you remove gel acrylic nails at home, how to remove acrylic nails with gel polish at home, how to remove gel acrylic nails at home with acetone, how to remove gel acrylic nails at home without acetone, how to remove gel manicure at home without acetone, how to remove gel manicure nails at home, how to remove gel manicure polish at home, how to remove gel nail polish at home with acetone, how to remove gel nail polish home remedy, how to remove gel nails at home no acetone, how to remove gel nails home remedies, how to remove hard gel nail extensions at home, how to remove uv gel nails at home without acetone, how

########
Rank: 3
Score: 99.26409
Retrieved Text: How can you remove nail polish without using acetone?
21/10/2018 · Keep your nails submerged in the acetone for the full 10 minutes, even if you see the shellac nail polish flaking off before the full amount of time passes. 4 Scrape the shellac polish off.... How to remove shellac at home with the help of acetone? At home, you can replace the professional remover with acetone. The technique of how you will remove the manicure remains the same.
As acetone are not safe many searches for a way without acetone. We recommend you to go to a manicurist to remove acrylic nails. As you may damage your nail bed or nail plate in the process. Anyway if you’re very confident that you will take care during the process you can proceed. how to get laid with craigslist As acetone are not safe many searches for a way without acetone. We recommend you to go to a manicurist to remove acrylic nails. As you may damage your nail bed or nail plate in the process. Anyway if you’re very confident that you will take care during the process you can proceed.
Acetone is the only solvent that will remove them. If you do not with to use it, then you will need to gently file them off (CND has a "shellac remover" but its main ingredient is acetone) If you do not with to use it, then you will need to gently file them off (CND has a "shellac remover" but its main ingredient is acetone) how to get

########
Rank: 4
Score: 96.94279
Retrieved Text: How to remove acrylic nails at home without damage.
How to remove acrylic nails at home - it's easier than you think.
Acrylic nails are pretty great.
Unlike a gel, shellac or normal manicure, they’re chip proof, life proof and if you’re careful, they’ll last for weeks on end, no touch ups needed.
There’s just one niggling issue, and that’s the removal process.
This got us thinking – surely there must be an easier, and most cost-effective, DIY option instead?
To find out, we asked expert, Lauren LaRouge.
The woman behind one of Sydney’s top nail salons, Nailed by LaRouge, the burlesque-dancer-turned-manicurist hasn’t kept her hands acrylic-free in over nine years and knows a thing or two about keeping your nails looking fabulous without the damage.
So get a bottle of acetone nail polish remover handy, because here’s what she had to say.
You can absolutely do this at home but use the ‘acetone soak off’ method to keep damage at a minimum.
Never rip the nail off as this WILL cause damage.
If you’re getting this done at a salon make sure they also use the ‘soak off’ option.
Look for salons use ‘hand filing’ techniques when buffing and filing your natural nail. They are far less abrasive than nail drills.
Save money and protect your nails with this DIY acrylic removal technique. Image: Instagram @nailedbylarouge.
Do acrylic nails damage your natural nail?
While acrylics get a bad rep for damaging the nails, Lauren says the trauma comes from incorrect application and removal. From excessive filing to forcing the acrylic off, these are all things that can gradually damage your

########
Rank: 5
Score: 95.61748
Retrieved Text: Non Acetone Nail Polish Remover is rated 4.2 out of 5 by 26.
Beauty Secrets Non-Acetone Professional Nail Polish Remover contains a special formula that is perfect for weak or brittle nails as it doesn't dry them out and do further damage. Nails are left smooth and soft. This formula is fast-acting for maximum results. Ideal for sculptured nails and tips.
Rated 5 out of 5 by Ms Sassy from Non It's non acetone nail polish remover and it does what it should.
Rated 5 out of 5 by Dedemonamis from Top Product I use solar nails and when I want to change nail colors, this is perfect. I am getting a third bottle.
Rated 4 out of 5 by PrincessDani from Incredible alternative to acetone As a first-time buyer of a non-acetone nail polish remover, all I can say is...this *rocks*!!!! I'd read reviews of non-acetone removers not working because they weren't strong enough, that they didn't work on darker colours...and all I can say is, don't believe them! I just finished taking nail polish off my toenails - and I had a dark sapphire blue on them - and it did not take much effort at all...maybe 2-3 swipes and it was almost all off. And if you're worried, curious, or concerned about the odour...it's not at all a chemical odour, but a nice, pleasant odour that cleans up quickly with a quick rinse in the bathroom.
Rated 1 out of 5 by ClaireBear2012 from WORST POLISH REMOVER EVER OMG.I have had this remover for a while. I am

########
Rank: 6
Score: 94.16929
Retrieved Text: How to remove dip powder nails?
How to remove dip powder nails? It is possible to remove dip power nails without acetone?
Unlike gel nails, which requires UV rays to cement the polish or acrylic, dip powder nails use pigmented powder. Moreover, there are vitamins within the formulas. How healthy it it! Another thing is that the dip powders are not that far off from acrylic. The dip powders are made up of grains of pigment, they have more intense colors. This is different from acrylic nails that involve a liquid and a powder that bond to form a gel. When it comes to their removal, it can be quick and easy. Most importantly, you can do it at home. There are some methods for you to remove your dip powder nails. Using acetone and aluminum foil or you can opt for the acetone soak. Below are some step-by-step guidelines.
1. Sand down the top layer of each nail with a nail file.
2. Soak cotton balls in pure acetone; use whole cotton balls to soak in 100% pure acetone. Each cotton ball with cover 1 fingernail.
3. Wrap your nails in foil to hold the cotton balls in place.
4. Wait 10-15 minutes for the nails to soak in the acetone.
5.Remove the foil and cotton balls from your nails; press down slight on each nail so that the cotton ball with help wipe off the powder.
How to remove coatings from glasses?
How To Try The Navy Blue and Silver Glitter Winter Nails Design?
How To Try The Red and White Ombre Christmas Inspired

########
Rank: 7
Score: 93.282166
Retrieved Text: There are so many ways to remove acrylic nails safely. The two major methods include the removal of these nails with acetone and without the use of acetone.
We will be considering these two broad methods in details.
Acetone is the fastest acrylic nail remover. It works by dissolving them and makes it easy for the acrylic nails to be removed.
We will look into the different methods of removing acrylic nails using acetone.
To start, clip the acrylic nails to the shortest length you can. After you have done that, the next thing you want to do is a file.
File off the top coat, the nail polish, and any color left. This will keep your hands from getting messed up with the colors.
The next thing you want to do is to apply petroleum jelly on the skin that surrounds the cuticle. After this, get the cotton pads soaked in acetone and place it on your nails.
So that it can be kept fixed on a spot, you need to use the aluminum foil. Tear out a portion of the aluminum foil and wrap it over the cotton ball or pad. Allow it to remain that way for about twenty-five to thirty minutes.
Gently pull off the aluminum foil. The acrylic nail should also come up with it. However, if you feel some resistance from the acrylic nail while pulling, allow the aluminum to remain wrapped a little longer.
This method also makes use of the acetone, but this time with warm water. The tools needed for this are listed below.
The first thing

########
Rank: 8
Score: 92.12635
Retrieved Text: How to Remove SNS Nails at Home?
In the past few years, SNS nails have become just as popular, if not more popular than acrylic nails. They are a healthy alternative to acrylic, and unlike common nail varnishes, your nails become healthier with each application.
So why would you like to learn how to remove SNS nails?
Well, for starters, while you can enjoy your powder nails for up to two weeks, the time has come to remove them. You cannot fill in SNS nails. And instead of going to the salon just to take off your manicure, you can do that at home.
SNS is a nail dipping system that stands for signature nail systems, and they are basically a modified form of acrylic powder. SNS nails come in more than 350 gelous colors. They feel more natural and can last up to 14 days, or two weeks. But after those 14 days, you need to remove them.
1 How to take care of your nails after removing manicure?
Acetone is basically called the “official method for removing SNS nail manicure”. Even the guidelines for removing SNS involve acetone.
In order to use acetone, you have to soak your nails in acetone. Some guidelines recommend sanding off the top shine, but the reality is that it is not necessary to remove any of the colored layers.
Pour acetone into a shallow container, and soak your nails for up to 10 minutes.
Dry them with a paper towel.
To be honest, in some cases, it might take 20 minutes to dissolve the polish.
Just check one nail

########
Rank: 9
Score: 90.81024
Retrieved Text: Acrylic nail polish makes your nails look classy and immaculate. It is particularly meant for those who wear artificial acrylic nails.
Long, shapely nails are on the wish list of every woman who cares about the beauty of her hands. However, not everyone is able to grow long nails or maintain them.
Soft and brittle nails cause one to feel frustrated, as they break easily. Maintaining them is challenging, especially if your lifestyle forces you to use your hands for numerous things.
For women who find it impossible to grow their nails, acrylic versions are a blessing. You can paint them in attractive colors with the help of acrylic nail polish, which is especially meant for false nails. Let us look at some options that you can choose while buying these nail colors.
Acrylic nail polish was originally made from enamel. Dry enamel acid is mixed with alcohol to produce this nail polish. Tiny fibers or resin pieces float in the enamel mixture, where a special solvent evaporates, thereby curing the resin through oxidation.
A tough, flexible fiber-based color is left behind as a result of the chemical reaction. Enamel-based acrylic nail polish has given rise to certain environmental concerns due to the hazardous nature of enamel. Moreover, enamel-based ones are a bit tough to get off your nails.
Water-based acrylic nail polish was formulated in 2003, due to the environment threats caused by enamel-based ones. The water-based formula is called acrylic polymer emulsion.
Similar to the enamel version, it also contains tiny pieces of resin, which are suspended freely in the water

########
Rank: 10
Score: 89.85953
Retrieved Text: �If you have grown tired of your artificial nails and want to remove them for a change, there’s a process to it. To ensure that there is no damage to your natural nails, one must undergo the correct method with patience and good care. You have an option of either getting it done professionally in a nail salon or try an at-home solution, which is not too difficult to do, but you must have sufficient time for it. Also, you must know that there are different types of acrylic nails viz. EMA, MMA, fiberglass etc. The process to remove all of these is the same except the time taken is different for each.
Take a bowl of acetone to soak your hands in it for a while. It\'s better to use warm acetone than that at room temperature since it works faster on the nails. You can warm it by putting the acetone bowl in another bowl of hot water. DO NOT ever heat the acetone in a microwave or on the gas stove. Acetone is a highly inflammable chemical and can be quite hazardous.
�Keep the fingers in acetone for at least 15 minutes if it is warm and for about 30 minutes if it is at room temperature. Remember, the longer you keep it, the better since the acrylic will wear off easily and faster.
You can remove acrylic nails two different ways.
You can purchase a professional acrylic nail removal kit at your local drug store, or you can invest a dollar or two in a large

########
Rank: 11
Score: 89.5542
Retrieved Text: HOW SAFE IS BIO SCULPTURE GEL ?
Health and well being for both Therapists and Clients is what is important to us. Bio Sculpture is the only nail care company worldwide to receive a 5 star safety rating for tolerability and efficacy.
WHAT’S INVOLVED IN REMOVING BIO SCULPTURE GEL ?
Bio Sculpture Gel is removed in minutes with a specially formulated Soak Off solution designed to remove the Gel, without damaging or dehydrating the natural nail underneath. A small cotton pad soaked in Gel Remover and placed directly over the gel, the fingertip is then wrapped in foil. After approximately 10 minutes the gel will peel off the nail, leaving a beautiful healthy nail underneath. Bio Sculpture Nail Polish is removed with Bio Sculpture Non-Acetone Nail Polish Remover. Bio Sculpture Nail Polish can be painted over the Gel for an instant colour change, it can then be removed easily without damaging your Bio Sculpture Gel manicure underneath.
WHAT SHOULD YOU LOOK FOR WHEN CHOOSING A SALON FOR BIO SCULPTURE ?
Always choose a Bio Sculpture Therapist that holds a Bio Sculpture Certificate of Merit, Advanced Certificate or A-Grade Certificate. This is the only way Bio Sculpture can guarantee and ensure you will receive an authentic Bio Sculpture treatment. All technicians that have a Certificate of Merit have been assessed by a trained Bio Sculpture Educator to ensure the quality of their workmanship. Make sure the salon is using Bio Sculpture Gel, as often clients have been mislead and had acrylic gel applied which cannot be soaked off.
I AM A NAIL BITER

########
Rank: 12
Score: 89.01816
Retrieved Text: BONTIME - Ideal for glitter Lovers and who love to change colors frequently. 15ml/051 fl. Oz. Per bottle. No uv lamp, no polish remover - Easy to use and dries in a clear protective coating to provide more evenly apperance. Designed for glitter lovers, easy to peel, easy to deal - Effortless Peel-off removal. Limited offer 15% money off on the top & base coat with bundle Sales of BONTIME colored nail polish set.
For how, please refer to the promotion applied. Free of any chemical solvents that are corrosive to your nails, NO CHEMICAL SMELL - Pregnants, Babies and Children Safe, Low-odor formula. Must have for perfect manicure, buy 1 get 2 - you get Both Base Coat & Top Coat, A perfect manicure starts with a clear base coat and finish off with a top coat to seal in the polish.
BONTIME Top Coat - Peel Off Base Coat,Non-Toxic Fast Dry High Gloss Nail Polish,0.51 fl.oz,Set of 2,Clear - Effortless Removal. Features 90s quick Dry, Cures without a Light. This all-in-one strengthening base and top coat works for perfect manicure. Healthy manicure is bontime! say goodbye to the old unhealthy gel nail polish, and start a new colorful life with BONTIME Healthy Nail Polish right now ! If you care for your nail health and switch up your nail polish colors frequently, water-based nail polishes are your best choice.
90s quick dry, no uv lamp, no polish remover - Non-glue based nail polish is perfect for people who love to change nail or gel colors frequently. Water-based,

########
Rank: 13
Score: 87.31179
Retrieved Text: Noble ibd just gel nail polish colors ibd just gel nail polish colors. Precious sally hansen miracle nudes color collection sally hansen miracle hybrid needs no lamp. Stylish gel coat diy hard nails gel coat diy coat in gel nails at home gel. Elegant spring gel nail polish in gel nail polish colors also spring gel nail polish collections gel nail polish colors. Relaxing how to take off gel polish at soak cotton balls along with pure how do you take off gel nail polish at home. Modish uv light new items manicure world blog plus uv light gel nail polish at home for gel nail polish at home. Distinguished how to remove gel nail polish at home how we can remove out gel manicure or nail polish at home about. Hilarious at home gel nail polish tutorial also ks plus sephora by opi gel nail polish andtrugel gel sephora gel nail kit review. Nifty how to remove gel polish without acetone to remove gel polish without acetone.
Noble ibd just gel nail polish colors ibd just gel nail polish colors in gel nail polish at home.
Precious sally hansen miracle nudes color collection sally hansen miracle hybrid needs no lamp in gel nail polish at home.
Stylish gel coat diy hard nails gel coat diy coat in gel nails at home gel in gel nail polish at home.
Elegant spring gel nail polish in gel nail polish colors also spring gel nail polish collections gel nail polish colors in gel nail polish at home.
Relaxing how to take off gel

########
Rank: 14
Score: 86.09531
Retrieved Text: New Designs Nail Art Stamper Image PlateIf you would like to see more high quality VAGA products, click on our brand name under the title of this listing.These VAGA stamping plates are fabulous and make a perfect addition to any nail art collection. The results are an eye catching, detailed and crisp nail design - probably impossible to implement in free hand or any other nail art technique.Helpful hints:Make sure you remove the protective plastic cover from the front of the plates before attempting to use. Wet a cotton ball w/ pure acetone and hold it with tweezers in order to avoid ruining the designs on your nails.Use the acetone soaked cotton ball to wipe nail polish off of the plates and stamper. The plate should be dry before applying more polish. Use a thick highly pigmented polish for stamping. Work fast! If you take too long the polish will dry on the plate or stamper and you will not get it to transfer. If you are working fast and the polish does not transfer try another type of polish, some polished are extra quick drying. Be gentle when you apply top coat or you may smear your design.
Stunning pack of 10 Nail Stamping Plates With Different DesignsIf you would like to see more high quality VAGA products, click on our brand name under the title of this listing.These VAGA stamping plates are fabulous and make a perfect addition to any nail art collection. These plates have a backing (unlike other plates) so you will not

########
Rank: 15
Score: 86.05545
Retrieved Text: After trying loads of completely different brands, I've found that it's so important to invest in good quality nail gloss. These are more expensive but they're worth it cos they last longer, dry faster and don't receive lumpy. I've had such bad experiences with low-cost nail polish that now So i'm just sticking to brands that I've used before (and like) and reputable brands. Orly, OPI, China Glaze, Sally Hansen and Essie are some of the good ones. It is also a good idea to test out polish right from a brand you've not attempted before buying it. Nail dotters help create dot and circle patterns. I use all of these the time to create simple polka dot designs. They come in various sizes. Starting out, it'll be great to get your hands on one that possesses a medium sized round nib on a single end and a small an individual on the other so you can choose the scale the dots you want to produce.
Communiquerenligne - How nail polish is ruining your nails and how to prevent it. While you may miss your hot pink polish, your nails will thank you! #2: lots of nail polish means lots of remover if you're swapping polish colors like you swap underwear, this means your remover use is also through the roof traditional nail polish removers contain acetone causing serious peeling that can even lead to infections. How to remove glitter nail polish without destroying your. Tips on how to remove glitter nail polish without taking your nails

########
Rank: 16
Score: 85.446556
Retrieved Text: Primers, preps, anti-bac and more.
Bulk bottle. Spray onto nails to kill bacteria before starting any application.
Spray onto nails to kill bacteria before starting any application.
Many fragrances available. Perfect cuticle moisturising treatment with Vitamin E providing your cuticles with the antioxidents they need. Absorbs quickly.
15ml bottle. This help to eliminate tip lines at the join. Run the brush over the seam and this will reduce the seam line. Help lessen filing time.
Perfect cuticle moisturising treatment. Absorbs quickly.
A little bit goes a long way. Use this to soften cuticles. Comes with a flip top lid for easy pouring. Imported from USA.
15ml Nail Prep. Use this the eliminate excess oils from the nail plate and as and added anti bacterial. Use after anti-bac and before Primer. Allow to dry before applying the primer.
Non Acetone nail polish remover. Bulk buy.
Set of 4 must have items. Save and buy all four in the one set.
Soak cotton balls in this and wrap around the nail, then wrap with aluminium foil, leave for 30-40 minutes to remove acrylic from the nail. Select your size from 125ml, 200ml,500ml or 1 litre.
Bulk buy. Use to soak off acrylic and soak off gel nails.
Soak cotton balls in this and wrap around the nail, then wrap with aluminium foil, leave for 20-30 minutes to remove acrylic from the nail.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 84.288216
Retrieved Text: Nail glue contains cyanoacrylate, the same chemical found in many types of household super glue products. Despite this, nail glue and household super glue can differ in viscosity.... Regardless of the reason, fake nails can be difficult to remove, and once they are removed, can leave residual glue on the nail, which can prove difficult to get off. By following a few easy steps nail glue can be easily removed without ruining the natural nail.
Giphy. Once you’ve filed off the top protective layer of your gel color, it’s time to soak your nails acetone. As previously stated, it’s wise to use acetone polish remover, being that the... When people are working with super glue, drops sometimes spill by accident. Because of the high strength levels of super glue, you will use a slightly different method of removal. Unless it’s a large area, you should be able to take it all off with just a razor blade once the glue is dry.
Nail glue contains cyanoacrylate, the same chemical found in many types of household super glue products. Despite this, nail glue and household super glue can differ in viscosity. how to get pigeons off balcony Remove nail glue by soaking, filing and applying nail polish remover. The process takes several minutes and a well-lit area to ensure all the glue is removed. Gather cotton balls, a small lamp, fingernail file, fingernail polish remover, a small towel and a small bowl.
Super glue is a powerful adhesive that can be tricky to remove. When it is on your fingernails,

########
Rank: 18
Score: 83.78071
Retrieved Text: Use a nail file to shape your acrylic nails.
If you are going to an event such as a wedding and want to add a little pizzazz to your nails, you might want to try acrylic nails. You can find nails in many colors and patterns, and put them on at home to add flair to any outfit. Acrylic nails can also help you stop biting your nails, as you won't want to ruin all your hard work or the beautiful color of the nails.
Prep your nails by removing any existing polish with nail polish remover, washing your hands and pushing back your cuticles. Then take the nail file and lightly file the whole surface of each nail. This helps the acrylic stick.
Find the tip that fits over each nail and lay them out. Apply a drop of nail glue directly on the tip of your nail and press the nail tip on. Let dry according the instructions on the glue. Apply another drop on top of the nail tip to seal it onto your nail. Repeat for all nails. Trim to desired length.
Brush a thin layer of gel resin over your entire nail and spray a light mist of the accelerator on. This will dry instantly. Applying a thick layer of resin or too much accelerator will burn, so always make sure you are applying resin and accelerator in thin layers. Repeat this process until you get the thickness you want.
File the tips and buff the entire surface of each of your nails, then apply top

########
Rank: 19
Score: 83.778854
Retrieved Text: Excel Nails has an excellent reputation with salons in both Norwood and North Terrace. Offering a convenient location, affordable prices and standout results.
Do you get confused by all the different nail treatments available these days? There are gel nails, acrylic nails, SNS, Shellac, not to mention all the new techniques that are appearing. Well, we're here to lend a helping hand by explaining a little more about Shellac.
Firstly, Shellac is a brand, not a technique. Shellac was invented by US company Creative Nail Design - or CND - and is a cross between a nail polish and a gel. Gels are polymer resins that require UV light to harden.
Shellac manicures are extremely popular because they are quicker to apply than acrylic or gels and last longer. Shellac is also very durable, so it's hard to chip, and produces a really shiny finish.
A blend of polymers and monomers, Shellac revolutionised manicures when it was introduced in May 2010. That's right, it feels as if it's been around forever, but it hasn't been that long. A whole five years in the making, Shellac was described by CND as 'a modern solution to the nail polish inconveniences that frustrate women'.
Designed to 'give women their time back', it is a great way of keeping your nails looking amazing with minimal input. Remember, though, it is used for colour and finish - it doesn't extend or shape your natural nails.
Once your nails have been manicured, coats of Shellac are applied in just the same way you would apply nail polish. However,

########
Rank: 20
Score: 83.771835
Retrieved Text: The formula enriched with almond and argan oil with a soothing action and vitamins A and E with nourishing action, delicately removes nail polish, without damaging nails.
Nail polish is quickly removed, without dehydrating the nails or leaving residue or marks.
Apply a small quantity of nail polish remover onto a cotton pad.
Remove the nail polish with the cotton pad, using vertical strokes, from the base of the nail towards the tip, avoiding the cuticle area.
Repeat on all nails, more than once if necessary.
Was easy to use it and also was easy to remove nail vanish.
Utilizzato appena arrivato. Delicatissimo e dal profumo delicato e piacevole!
Elimina lo smalto senza lasciare residui, non rovina le unghie dal momento che non c’è alcuna traccia di acetone, super approvato !!
delicato, rispetto ad altri levasmalto che ho usato, quando uso questo non mi si spezzano le unghie subito dopo.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 83.43465
Retrieved Text: Do you envy seeing beautiful models flaunting their elegant hands in front of camera? You think of heading towards a salon to get a professional manicure. Then you realize that the cost of salon manicures can really add up over the course of a year! On top of that you might not have enough time to make regular trips to a salon. So, what to do?
Here are the right steps and techniques to definitely give yourself a beautiful, salon-like manicure. Knowing how to do it yourself in home manicure can save you a lot of time and money!
We have a solution. Here is a step-by-step guide for ladies like you who want to do a solon-quality hand manicure sitting right in their home. Excited? Read on for our the essential steps to do a DIY manicure at home— that too for a fraction of the cost!
1. Remove Any Previously Applied Nail Polish: To use acetone or not? When you are at a drugstore and mulling over which type of polish remover to buy, remember this: Non-acetone nail polish removers are gentler as compared to acetone-based ones. But the acetone-based remover works much faster, so will be in contact with the skin for a shorter period of time than the non-acetone based removers. It’s a trade-off because even the gentler non-acetone based polish removers are not kind to skin.
2. Shape Nails: Clip your nails, if necessary. Then if needed, gently file them into a shape as you desire. A slightly rounded nail shape or square-rounded edge are

########
Rank: 22
Score: 83.014404
Retrieved Text: Place a cloth or a few layers of old newspaper on the surface where you will be performing this.
Fill you bowl with just enough acetone to cover your submerged nails.
Use your nail clippers to trim the acrylic tips of your nails as low as possible (without cutting into your nail bed, of course).
Apply a thin layer of petroleum jelly on your cuticles and the skin at the tips of your fingers (that area that's underneath nails as they grow). Applying the petroleum jelly will prevent these sensitive areas of your fingers from drying out and becoming sensitive from the acetone.
Soak your nail in the acetone for at least fifteen (15) minutes. This should be sufficient enough time for the acrylic to have loosened up and make it ease removal.
Dip your cotton balls in the acetone. Beginning at the cuticle and moving towards the tip, gently rub the ball on your fingernail to remove the acrylic. Repeat step three (3) and step four (4) as necessary.
In case the tips of your nails are ragged, use your nail file to even the tips.
Use your nail buffer to remove any remaining traces of acrylic.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 82.64043
Retrieved Text: How-to Easy, Quick Nexgen Dipping Powder Nails. How to Apply Dip Powder with Nail Tips Step by Step. 52 Weeks of Beauty - 2014 Week 10 - EZ DIP POWDER NAILS - NEW CONCEPT!
Remove any nail polish from the nails with cotton balls and acetone nail polish remover. Cut the nails as short as possible with fingernail clippers without cutting your natural nails. Cut the nails as short as possible with fingernail clippers without cutting your natural nails.
The Nail Salon I use recently started using the Signature Nail System and I absolutely love the way my nails turned out! These are my natural nails. I could have added tips but I like my nails short.It’s easier to have short nails when I’m cleaning teeth !

########
Rank: 24
Score: 82.60749
Retrieved Text: Looking at your nails, of course.
You give your head a shake, and start to wonder how you’ll get this stuff off. Fear not, young princess; here’s how it’s done.
Look for acetone-free remover; it will remove polish without removing artificial nails.
Did your toes too, then, did you? Just wipe it off using cotton balls soaked in the polish remover from your jar above.
The nail kits usually contain instructions for removal. Peel ‘n’ stick ones can usually be gently loosened and pried off with a nail file. If you’re really careful you can sometimes re-use them.
If you’ve used contact cement, try careful prying to loosen the edges, then a spot of contact cement thinner to further loosen the bond. This stuff is not great for the skin, so treat your hands to a good hand cream when done.
There are two ways to get these off. The first is an industrial-strength belt sander. This tends to annoy neighbours at one in the morning and can be dangerous if used carelessly.
The recommended technique is soaking them off with acetone. Don’t buy the little bottles of it at the drug store, go down to your hardware store and get a big can for about a tenth of the price. You’ll generally find it around the paint remover section.
Plan on a good 30 to 45 minutes to remove a set of nails.
Put a dozen or so marbles in a small bowl and cover with acetone. The marbles give you the needed depth of liquid while economising on acetone. Soak your nails for

########
Rank: 25
Score: 82.57302
Retrieved Text: If you’re a fan of gel/shellac nails but don’t enjoy ruining your nails by picking them off and/or paying to have a nail technician remove them properly, here’s an at-home guide for removing them yourself.
Soak a cotton wool ball or piece of cotton wool pad in the acetone and place onto the nail, fully covering the polish.
Create a tin foil wrap around the fingertip to hold the cotton wool in place using one of the foil squares.
Repeat the wraps on all your fingers and I suggest doing one hand at a time.
Hold your hand over a bowl of hot water. The tin foil wraps not only hold the acetone-soaked cotton wool pads in place but also insulate the heat to help things along.
You’ll then need to wait patiently for about 20 minutes while the acetone does its job, and if you are doing one hand at a time you’ll need about an hour to spare overall.
Remove each foil wrap one at a time so that they aren’t all exposed to the air at once (as the gel could harden again). The gel nail should be visibly falling off as soon as you remove the wrap and will slide off very easily and cleanly. There should be no need to pick at it, so if it doesn’t come off cleanly then it isn’t ready yet and you should reapply your acetone foil wrap and wait a bit longer.
If it still needs a helping hand, use a nail file to scuff the coating of the gel polish before

########
Rank: 26
Score: 82.54465
Retrieved Text: Is it safe to have gel nails applied during pregnancy?
As nails and beauty experts, we are not only the technicians but also we are parents. we were also concern what best for our our baby during pregnancy.
one of common question that make us wonder weather is it safe having gel nails applied during pregnancy.
It is safe to wear gel nails while you are pregnant, so long as you take precautions when having them applied and removed.
Gel nails are applied as a gel or liquid to the nail. They are set using an ultraviolet (UV) lamp, or by brushing or spraying a curing chemical over the top of the gel.
The main chemicals in gel nails are methacrylate monomers. There are many types of methacrylate monomers, most of which are perfectly safe to use. However, one type called methyl methacrylate monomer (MMA) should not be used. It is best to avoid MMA whether you are pregnant or not. We do not use MMA Products, all of our Uv Gel Polish have been approved and does not contain MMA.
MMA can irritate your skin, eyes and lungs, and can cause allergic reactions. It has been banned in many states in the US but it is currently still available in the UK, although it has been largely replaced.
However, some budget nail bars still use gel nails containing MMA because it is cheaper than safer alternatives. If you concern about having gel nails applied, make sure you come and see us. Check with the salon exactly which chemicals are used. we would

########
Rank: 27
Score: 82.48677
Retrieved Text: I’m always getting asked how to best care for your nails, whether having products applied professionally or painting them for yourself at home here are some tips and advice to keep healthy, beautiful nails.
The most important thing to realise is that nails are made of Keratin, the same structural material as your hair, the nail is made in the nail matrix underneath the skin between the last knuckle and the eponychium (the bit that most people think of as the cuticle). Once you can see the nail it is actually dead (like hair) and therefore doesn’t need to ‘breathe’ or take a break from enhancements or polish.
What the nail DOES need however is the same as your hair, conditioner! How many of you wash your hair without conditioning it afterwards? Not many I bet, but you all wash your nails many times a day without conditioning them after. This leads to delamination (where layers of the nail flake off), weak, dry and brittle nails. Simple cuticle oil, rubbed onto the nail and surrounding skin at least once a day at bedtime will do wonders for the condition of your nails. You can buy special blended cuticle oil from your manicurist or chemist or you can use Almond oil. Did you know that nail polish and any coating such as gel or acrylic that can be soaked off in acetone is porous enough to let the oil penetrate through to the nail underneath? It is, so get using the oil!
Another thing I’ve often heard is ‘acrylics ruined

########
Rank: 28
Score: 82.45299
Retrieved Text: Compare: Easy Organic-Bonding DIY Home Nails: Protects Natural Nail Growth. Add instant Beautiful Length. By Personal Salon.
Compare Personal Salon™ against the other major nail types.
For acrylic or gel nails to have a glossy look, nail polish or a gel top coat must be applied after application as an extra step. The Personal Salon Diamond Overlays dry with a natural high gloss shine in just one step.
Because Personal Salon Diamond Overlays dry with a glossy, smooth, nail polish-like shine, you simply bond them and you're done! In contrast, acrylic nails require aggressive filing and shaping to achieve a natural look, and gel nails require the tacky residue to be wiped off after application, which can leave a dull finish.
The Personal Salon System offers exceptional nail extension versatility comparable to acrylic tips and salon gel nails. Easily extend your natural nails using nail forms or tips to create sculpted long nails. Nail designs include French Manicure Natural or Brite White Finishes.
The Personal Salon Nail System costs only about one-sixth the annual cost of professional acrylics or salon gels. That's an estimated savings of $400-$600 per year!
The Personal Salon Nail System is applied easily at home, eliminating the need to pay for nail services at a salon.
Unlike traditional harsh nail products, your Personal Salon Nail System uses a safer and organic protein bond to bond to your natural nails, allowing you to conveniently apply the system more safely at home. No longer will you need to spend the money and time to travel to a salon.
Finally you can have

########
Rank: 29
Score: 82.4111
Retrieved Text: I love gel nail polish. It’s probably because I love having beautiful no-chip polish for a full two weeks. Doing your own gel nails at home is such an easy and simple process. Don’t waste time going to the salon anymore. Instead, learn how to do your own gel nails at home. However, before you can get the polish on your nails, you need to know how to prep and clean your nails for gel polish first.
To remove old gel polish, cut up strips of aluminum foil.
Cut each strip into thirds.
Buff each nail with a nail file. This removes the top coat of the gel polish so that the cotton ball and acetone remover can reach the nail through the polish.
It doesn’t need to be perfect, just a little buff on the top. You can see that my first two nails have been buffed with the file above.
Get out the cotton balls and the acetone remover. I usually split the cotton balls in half and use one ball per finger.
Dip the cotton ball in the acetone remover and put onto the foil.
Wrap the foil around your finger with the cotton ball placed directly onto the nail.
Once each finger has been wrapped, wait for about 10-15 minutes. I don’t time it exactly. I can usually tell by feel when it is ready. Once my fingers start to feel a bit of heat, I know that it’s done.
As you can see from the photo above, the gel polish has started to lift.
On top of a soft cloth, kleenex,

================



======= Instance Index 3277 =========
Input Text: If a description of a situation begins like this: [header] How to get a medusa piercing [title] Familiarize yourself with medusa piercings. [step] Medusa piercings are usually a single stud piercing found in the center of the lip just above the lip line. A medusa piercing would be found on the flesh just above your lip and below your nose.... Then how
does it continue? 

Ending 1: This is a very noticeable piercing, so it's hard to hide or minimize. However, if you want a bold look, it can be a great choice.

Ending 2: A medusa piercing has three rows of smaller rings at each end, and two rows of larger ones on either side of the lip. [substeps] Medusa piercings are usually darkened or bleached to tint the piercing blue, lavender, or green.

Ending 3: Medusa piercings aren't easily missed, so you may spot them either on your neck or on your lips. [title] Visit an ice cream store with medusa piercings.

Ending 4: Make sure you know how to get a medusa piercing, so you won't end up wasting any time. Take a second look at medusa piercings, and make sure you're not allergic to them.

Target Text: Ending 1

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 106.83272
Retrieved Text: If you are looking for unique body modifications, consider a Medusa piercing. Medusa piercing is also known as philtrum piercing, because it is placed in the philtrum, directly under the septum of the nose and very close to the monroe piercing. Medusa piercing was named in the mid 90’s by a Canadian hairdresser and model called Kerrick. Medusa piercing is normally worn with a labret stud. The ball sits outside the mouth in the dip of the top tip. Other jewelry pieces like rings can also be worn. Facial piercings have become more common than ever these days. And for bold statement, you can choose a medusa piercing to go.
For the process about this piercing, it starts with the cleaning of the upper lip area. Usually, a surgical scrub is used for this purpose. The professional will clean the skin present there, particularly on the part where you wish to have the piercing. When the cleaning is done, the piercer will make a small mark on the inside as well as outside the upper lip. Medusa piercing s is another one of those “dual care” piercings because it’s both an oral piercing and a lip piercing and you have to treat each end of the piercing separately. Eating and drinking are greatly affected during the first week or so of healing, and smoking is a big no-no. Clear alcohol and wine are ok, but the yeast in beer really irritates these piercings so it’s best to steer clear.
Mostly people asking about how long to heal a

########
Rank: 1
Score: 93.89862
Retrieved Text: Among belly rings and septum piercings, lip rings are among popular ‘90s piercings that are barreling into today’s mainstream fashion. And they’re not just appearing on angsty teenagers.
When you think about a lip piercing, what comes to mind might be a captive bead ring placed to the right, left, or center of the lower lip. But a lip piercing can be so much more. The flat canvas of the lips and skin surrounding them essentially means that you can pierce your lip anywhere (barring oral health concerns).
The prospect of endless possibilities may seem exciting, but the freedom of choice comes with its struggles. With more than 12 lip piercing types, you want to be sure that you are choosing the perfect piercing for your face, especially since the lips are a prevalent part of your features.
Luckily, you’ve come to the right place! Here’s a super quick guide to help you decide what kind of lip piercing you want.
First things first. In any decision to get a new piercing, you need to be aware of healing times and how they will affect your daily life. For example, if you’re planning a trip to the Bahamas in a couple of weeks, you’ll probably want to hold off on the new piercing unless you plan to avoid the water.
Common aftercare practices include keeping the pierced area dry, avoiding alcohol and smoking, and keeping the area clean, and if you’ve been pierced before, they should be common sense. Keep in mind that lip piercings have some unique healing concerns that

########
Rank: 2
Score: 87.63219
Retrieved Text: Facial piercings are a striking form of body art. If you're going to commit to one, you also need to be ready to embrace the process—not just working up the nerve to get pierced, but also being disciplined in the aftercare. The medusa piercing is particularly delicate. Here's what you need to know.
You know where your cupid's bow is? It's that dainty curve at the center of the top edge of your lip (a sweet spot for highlighter).
Right above that is the indented part of your upper lip, called the philtrum; this is where a medusa piercing goes. The jewelry is typically a 16- or 14-gauge surgical steel flatback barbell.
First of all, be extremely vigilant about seeking out a reputable piercing shop and an experienced professional piercer. Your face, mouth, teeth, and gums depend on it. Ask friends for recommendations if possible. Read reviews. Do the work.
Once you're ready to go, this is what usually happens. Wearing gloves, the piercer cleans the area with alcohol. They usually give you an antiseptic oral rinse to swish inside your mouth as well. Then they mark the spot with a pen. Make sure it's centered to your liking. While holding your upper lip with a clamp, the piercer carefully pierces the spot with a thin hollow needle. Then they insert the jewelry. This is a longer barbell than what you'll end up with after healing since the piercer needs to account for any swelling that usually occurs.
Million-dollar question: Does a medusa piercing hurt? Unless you have a very high

########
Rank: 3
Score: 77.15503
Retrieved Text: Why settle for one lip piercing when you can have double lip piercings? Unless you are not obsessed by symmetry or you have a lip piercing situated in the middle of your lip, you can easily go for the double trouble! Monroe piercings often go very well together with double lower lip piercings. In fact, there are a ton of combinations that can make you look not only original, but also sensual and appealing to other people. Among these combinations are snake bites, spider bites, dolphin bites, cyber bites, canine bites, dahlia bites and others.
42 40. Fit, not tight!
87 85. Funky, sporty and cool!
Double lip piercings will not hurt more than a regular lip piercing unless you get them both in one sitting. Other than that, they are situated at a scale of 3 out of 5. This means that since the lip is a very sensitive area of the body, it will sting and it will swell. However, the numbness or the discomfort feelings will not last for long. In fact, this type of piercing heals a lot faster than other piercings that are on the skin’s surface. You should be fine in maximum 3 months. Remember to keep the original piercing inside for at least one month to avoid infection.
Most of the double lip piercings patterns involve the perforation of the lip. In other words, the needle goes in and out the lip. So, these piercings will be both oral and normal piercings. Therefore, cleaning your mouth and caring for the exterior of your

########
Rank: 4
Score: 71.322845
Retrieved Text: Christina Michelle, also known as Kitty_Vicious talks about her first piercing, stretching her ears, and her most painful piercing. Check her out on Instagram!
When did you discover your love for body modification?
I discovered my love for body modification when I was around 9 years old – back in 2004. My dad is heavily tattooed so that was a big influence for me.
When did you get your first piercing? What was it? What’s the story behind it?
I got my first piercing when I was 11 – a nose ring. I remember falling in love with that piercing after going to a tattoo shop with my dad and seeing one of the girls working there who had one. I call can remember is telling my dad how much I wanted one. He took me to get it for my birthday.
I have nine. I used to have 12 but I retired my medusa and snake bites.
What do you like about getting pierced?
I kind of like the fear of whether or not it will hurt. LOL! Also, tending to the piercings during the healing process.
Why do you get piercings?
I really like how they look and it’s a lifestyle I enjoy.
What is your most recent piercing?
Can you tell us about the ear stretching process?
My ear stretching process was horrible. I made the mistake of stretching too fast and skipping sizes, which is something nobody should do because it really damages your ear lobes. Blowouts are horrible. When I reached 7/8”, I couldn’t keep stretching my ears because they hurt all the

########
Rank: 5
Score: 67.7258
Retrieved Text: See a professional body piercer for all your piercings. If they were rude or acted terrible, that would bother me. One of our classmates was an Indian-American India - as in the South Asian country! Consider medical reasons that may make piercing risky. Despite the fact that wearing earrings may work against men in many situations, like work or in an interview, it does not stop them from wearing it. Finally, many men also do it rebel or stand out in the crowd.
It's probably in a handbook given to you at the beginning of the year regarding school rules. I did not do it to fit in to stick out or religion. This never explained both ears pierced - if it meant the guy is a bi, I never heard that explanation. It is attached to the lip frenulum, that is a thin tissue located under your upper lip. Make sure that all of your sentences make sense when you read them e.
Women on the other hand, will mostly be attracted to things about men that are not visual and that are invisible to the naked eye. Due to infection I had to remove it. A single, small stud in a man's ear has evolved to include plug, barbell and spacer earring styles. The worse trend is that earrings with a hole in them. When my oldest wanted his ear pierced I made him wait until he was 12. Chandelier Earrings Do away with subtlety and embrace your attention loving side with chandelier earrings! Let them

########
Rank: 6
Score: 62.70709
Retrieved Text: The longest snake - ever (captivity) is Medusa, a reticulated python (python reticulatus), and is owned by Full Moon Productions Inc. in Kansas City, Missouri, USA. When measured on 12 October 2011, she was found to be 7.67 m (25 ft 2 in) long. Medusa also holds the current 'Longest Snake - Living (captivity)' title.
In Kansas City, Missouri, USA, those who look directly at Medusa may not do that – but they certainly come to a stone cold stop.
That’s because the Medusa you find at the city’s Full Moon Productions isn’t some mythological figure of yore. It’s the longest snake ever in captivity.
Medusa, a reticulated python, clocked in at 7.67 meters (25 feet, 2 inches) long in its official world record measurement, on October 12, 2011.
Reticulated pythons – named as such because of the grid-like pattern of its skin – are on average the world’s longest snakes, but adults normally grow an average of between 3-6 m (or, 10-20 ft).
But there is nothing normal about Medusa.
The 10-year-old snake required 15 men to hold her at full length in order for her record measurement to be taken, and her diet consists of a combination of rabbits, hogs, and deer served biweekly. She’s been known to eat a whole, 18-kg (40-lb) deer in one sitting. Medusa herself weighs 158.8 kg (350 lbs).
Reticulated pythons primarily populate southeast Asia, Indonesia, and the Philippines and are also known as great swimmers. In 1912, a specimen shot in Sulawesi measured a jaw-dropping 10 m (32 ft 10 in). However, unlike Medusa, the

########
Rank: 7
Score: 62.132523
Retrieved Text: Medusa Floor Lamp Colorful Design Picture 68 - The image above with the title Medusa Floor Lamp Colorful Design Picture 68, is part of Medusa Floor Lamp picture gallery. Size for this image is 630 × 630, a part of Floor Lamps category and tagged with lamp, medusa, floor, published May 29th, 2017 07:53:44 AM by Berna. Find or search for images related to "Medusa Floor Lamp Colorful Design Picture 68" in another posts. Back to: Medusa Floor Lamp.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 60.33853
Retrieved Text: This is a pen illustration of Minna Medusa, a serpent haired Gorgon Medusa character I created back in late 90s. Minna is a kind hearted girl who is sadden by her uncontrollable ability to turn surrounding creatures to stone, and the story is about her searching for a "cure" to remedy the curse.
A profile portrait of Minna Medusa, an anime style Gorgon girl and the title heroine of Minna Medusa with sprouted wings. Sketched with pen in 1998, and digitally enhanced in 2011.
This is a loose sketch of the 8 main characters from Minna Medusa, a fantasy adventure story inspired by mythological monsters.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 59.63532
Retrieved Text: Sail on board the Medusa, previously named Vrouwe Aaltje, and experience an unforgettable sailing adventure. The crew will take you along the IJsselmeer, de Waddenzee and the wonderful inland waterways in Friesland and Overijssel. Come aboard and enjoy an authentic and relaxing sailing experience. The added bonus is that the Medusa is part of the Paradigm Project, which means that for every ton of CO₂ the ship emits, the Medusa donates money for the production of a sustainable wood stove for a family in Kenya.
Have a beautiful sailing trip and enjoy the weather, the water and being together on board the Medusa. On board you can help with setting course, hoisting the sails and tacking. The skipper will let you in on the finer tricks of the trade. Or perhaps you prefer to get yourself a comfortable place on deck, lay back and let the beautiful world around you go by. It is up to you what you want to do on board this comfortable sailing ship.
Below deck there is plenty to enjoy during your stay on board the Medusa. You will be pleasantly surprised by the warm and colourful entertainment room and cosy and comfortable kitchen. At the spacious tables you can get together for a splendid meal or an enjoyable evening. There is a special feature for you on the Medusa: one of the cabins can be changed into a sauna in an instant. Talk about relaxing!
Your experience will be extra special if you and your group stay overnight on board the Medusa. After

########
Rank: 10
Score: 59.21129
Retrieved Text: Versace Underwear Black Medusa Zip Up Hoodie $595.00 Long sleeve technical jersey hoodie in black. Tonal drawstring at hood. Zip closure at front. Zippered pockets at waist. Panelled raglan sleeves. Rib knit cuffs. Signature Medusa and Greek key graphic embroidered in gold tone at hem. Gold tone hardware. Tonal stitching.
Versace Iconic Greca Medusa Swim Shorts. Versace Floral Print Sports Bra. Versace Underwear Black Medusa Push Up Bra BAM liked on Polyvore featuring intimates bras adjustable bra versace and push up bra Versace Underwear Black Fluo Contrast Zip Up Jacket. Regular Price Sale Price. Quick Shop. Shop the latest SS1 collection of Versace Underwear for Women on. Buy It Now. Feel at ease and comfortable with the new Versace Underwear and Sleepwear collection for men. Get a Sale Alert. Black Blue Red. Mens Medusa Head Embroidery Baseball Hat. Versace Baroque Briefs Versace Baroque Briefs. Versace Underwear Black Medusa Push Up Bra. Skip to main content. Versace Iconic Greca Briefs Set of. VERSACE COLLECTION Mens Black Stretch Cotton Medusa Boxer Breif VIOP1 more like this. Get free shipping on Versace mens clothing shoes accessories at Neiman Marcus. VERSACE COLLECTION Men's White Stretch Cotton Medusa Boxers Breif.
Versace Underwear it luxurious line of boxers briefs boxer briefs swimwear and sleepwear is a statement in functional and masculine glamour of Donatella Versace's Midas touch. Versace Underwear Black Logo Band Bra. Free shipping for products! Shop with confidence. Versace Underwear Designer Black Greek Key Hem Zip Hoodie Avivey. Of international shipping to the UK. Comfortable hoodies and zip up sweatshirts for stylish

########
Rank: 11
Score: 58.12914
Retrieved Text: Quiz: Can We Accurately Guess How Many Piercings You Have?
Can We Accurately Guess How Many Piercings You Have?
Did you know that your personality is directly related to the number of piercings you have? It's a scientific fact that for every piercing you get, you add another layer of personal mystery to yourself. Whether you get piercings to express your individuality or to keep up with the latest trends, your piercings outwardly tell the world how you feel on the inside. Learning about the things you enjoy and the things you may don't enjoy so much, we'll be able to guess how many piercings you have accurately.
From large gauges to tiny diamond studs, humans have long adorned themselves with piercings. Often a form of tribal ritual, in today's modern society piercings allow the wearer to modify their appearance. While some find such changes unsightly, piercing has gained both popularity and acceptance in more recent decades. You can find piercing shops almost anywhere. From shopping malls to tattoo shops, piercings are as easy to obtain as a carton of milk.
Spend some time telling us about yourself, and we'll be able to tell how many piercings you have. We won't be able to tell you exactly where they are located, but your answers will undoubtedly give the number of them away. Give us a chance!
I'm rebellious about certain things.
I'm not all that rebellious.
I would say every three or four words.
Do you own a leather jacket?
I have a leather biker jacket.
I think it's about average.
I have a very high pain

########
Rank: 12
Score: 58.112583
Retrieved Text: Versace Gold Necklace Best Of 15 Best Versace Medusa Necklace Blogchickablog. This amazing photo collections about Versace Gold Necklace Best Of 15 Best Versace Medusa Necklace Blogchickablog is available to download. We collect this amazing photo from internet and choose the best for you. Versace Gold Necklace Best Of 15 Best Versace Medusa Necklace Blogchickablog photos and pictures collection that posted here was carefully selected and uploaded by Rockymage team after choosing the ones that are best among the others. So, finally we make it and here these list of amazing photo for your inspiration and informational purpose regarding the Versace Gold Necklace Best Of 15 Best Versace Medusa Necklace Blogchickablog as part of Best Jewelry Website exclusive updates collection.Versace Gold Necklace Best Of 15 Best Versace Medusa Necklace Blogchickablog, take your time and find the best Versace Gold Necklace Best Of 15 Best Versace Medusa Necklace Blogchickablog images and pictures posted here that suitable with your needs and use it for your own collection and personal use. Versace Gold Necklace Best Of 15 Best Versace Medusa Necklace Blogchickablog.
Versace Gold Necklace Best Of 15 Best Versace Medusa Necklace Blogchickablog. So, if you want to get this amazing photo about Versace Gold Necklace Best Of 15 Best Versace Medusa Necklace Blogchickablog, just click save button to save this images to your computer. Finally if you want to get new and the latest wallpaper related with Versace Gold Necklace Best Of 15 Best Versace Medusa Necklace Blogchickablog, please follow us on facebook or bookmark this site, we try

########
Rank: 13
Score: 57.992607
Retrieved Text: Ayy, I've been introduced to a new kind of piercing Pinner: I wanted the industrial, but apparently have weird shaped ears, so I got the UFO piercing .
I already have two outer conch piercings but seeing the three stars together makes me want one more.
Been wanting to get another ear piercing for awhile. Decided I am going to do the rook piercing!
I love my rook piercing!
Here's a nice Daith piercing Kali did with a Anatometal white opal cluster. Cute!
I have my lip pierced(: I kinda want a lip ring like this.
As you can tell, I'm a fan of piercings; I now have seven in my left ear. I've wanted new piercings for a while, so when my fabulous bl.
Information on the different types of Ear Piercings names for men and women including tragus and helix. Browse these cool, unique ear piercings ideas.
"A Snug piercing is a type of body piercing that is done in the ear's inner cartilage about halfway down (also known as the anti-helix area).
going to get the "snug" piercing but three in a row not two.
Top 21 different types of ear piercings that you can't miss. If you want to wear ear piercings, checking out these ideas now.
If anyone is wanting to get a piercing contact he's a professional piercer at also if you want to order som.
A tragus piercing is a very subtle form of body modification. Most tragus earrings are low-key and small, although there are a few designs.
I've got several piercings in both ears. Not as many as this woman

########
Rank: 14
Score: 57.768993
Retrieved Text: Microdermal Piercings also called as the Dermal Piercings or the Single Point Piercing that is punctured on the surface of body. The stylish microdermal piercing could be placed anywhere literally that give a unique look compared to ordinary body piercings.
Do you like to have the amazing stylish look of Piercings in your body? Of course the Microdermal Piercings are considered as the unique feature with fantastic style. Normally the micro dermal piercing is made with one end of the ornament emerging in the surface of skin and the other end will be embedded with dermal layer of the skin. It would give the beautiful appearance of small beads on surface of skin.
The microdermal piercing becomes popular these days as they can be easily placed on any flat surface. It would easily allow decoration of areas which are quite difficult to use when compared to the regular piercings.
Multiple microdermal piercing can be made with patterns to give the most dermal piercing that are attached to the ornaments with finger. However, the Microdermal Piercing must not be confused with surface piercing.
In fact, Surface piercing would look exactly as that of the microdermal piercing but they have the surface bar that are followed plane on skin with showing 2 ends.
Standard piercing is pierced through the skin but the microdermal piercing will be made under the skin in tissue of the body.
Microdermal piercing procedure will be performed on the skin of the body so that it would be easier to allow the anchor piercing to insert jewelry.
Microdermal piercings are visible

########
Rank: 15
Score: 57.662308
Retrieved Text: Reef Aquariums are a phenomenon in themselves. Nurturing corals related marine invertebrate life in a restricted environment is an uphill task on one hand while being interesting on the other. A carefully chosen set of corals can catalyze the display of your aquarium by many times. It is a good idea to begin your marine aquarium set up with low maintenance corals such as Medusa Soft Coral, a Sphaerella species. You will be pleased beyond words when you will see the enhanced looks of your marine aquarium with Medusa Soft Coral. The following informative discussion briefs you about the various features of Medusa Soft Coral vis-�-vis your marine aquarium.
Other names: Belonging to the family Paralcyoniidae, the scientific name of Medusa Soft Coral is Sphaerella species. The coral is also commonly known as Xmas Tree, Christmas Tree Soft Coral, Potato Coral, Snake Locks Coral, French Tickler and Medusa Tree Coral.
Coral type: As the name suggests, Medusa Soft Coral is a type of Soft Coral.
Origin or natural range: Medusa Soft Coral originates in the Indian Ocean and the Pacific Ocean.
Size: A small sized Medusa Soft Coral may be 2 inches to 3 inches long, a medium sized Medusa Soft Coral is 3 inches to 5 inches long while, a large sized Medusa Soft Coral is 5 inches to 7 inches long. The size of a Medusa Soft Coral may however, vary being contingent upon many factors such as, the depth of the marine water, surrounding environment, the marine water movement in the vicinity of the Spherella species, etc.
Color:

########
Rank: 16
Score: 57.633305
Retrieved Text: Medusalith Amaquelin was born to Quelin and Ambur, who were both members of the Inhumans. Quelin was the brother of Rynda, the wife of King Agon. Because of that family connection, Medusalith was considered a member of Attilan's Royal Family. Her parents had elected to expose her to the Terrigen Mists when she was young, which gave her a long, thick head of red hair which she could use like an appurtenance. She became widely known by her shortened name "Medusa," after the woman in Greek mythology who had actual snakes for hair.
Medusa first appeared in Fantastic Four #36 in 1964 and was created by writer Stan Lee and artist Jack Kirby. Though she was the first Inhuman character to ever appear in comics, she made her debut as the sole female member of the Frightful Four, a team of supervillains that opposed the heroic Fantastic Four. She was given the unique power of prehensile hair and believed herself to be the most powerful member of the Frightful Four. Later it was revealed that Medusa was actually a member of the Inhuman royal family and that she had been brainwashed into becoming a villain after she had lost her memory.
During her adolescent years, Medusa began to visit her cousin Black Bolt, who at a young age was quarantined by necessity since the power of his voice could cause catastrophic damage. Because of this, Black Bolt could never vocalize his thoughts. Medusa learned to communicate with him in a special sign language, and due to these regular

########
Rank: 17
Score: 57.501755
Retrieved Text: Body piercings are becoming more and more popular in today’s society. Whether it’s a simple lobe piercing, a nose ring, or a daith piercings, piercings are being seen, and accepted, more frequently. Which is a good thing especially seeing as how in 2015 alone, about 14% of Americans have piercings other than on their earlobes. But if you’re new to piercings or are adventuring into body piercings, you may have a few questions. So let’s take a look at a few frequently asked questions about piercings.
Can piercings become infected? Unfortunately, piercings can absolutely become infected. This is why following proper aftercare instructions is so important. During the initial healing process, the piercing is sealed — this is when the chance of infection is reduced immensely. But there are other factors that may increase the chance of infection, like lack of proper care and getting pierced in an unclean tattoo and piercing shop. So watch for signs of infection, like redness, discoloration, and swelling.
When can the jewelry be taken out or changed? After a piercing has passed the initial stage of healing and is sealed properly, then the jewelry can be taken out. However, it’s important to only leave the jewelry out for short periods of time. This is because the complete healing process can take a few years to complete, which means the hole can close if jewelry is left out for too long. And if the jewelry has to be forced back in, that could lead to problems. So if you do remove the jewelry,

########
Rank: 18
Score: 57.40982
Retrieved Text: Getting an eyebrow piercing is equally an exciting and risky experience. If you are unfamiliar with the procedure but want to get one done, you need to familiarize yourself more with how it is being conducted and the risks involved with the procedure.
The first thing you should know about before you get your eyebrow pierced is that this is not something you can do by yourself. Unless you are the piercing expert, then only let a professional handle the procedure for you. You don’t want an inexperienced person working on you , so look for someone who is licensed or has a great reputation as a professional piercer.
You should also look into the materials used when piercing your eyebrows. As a note, piercing guns are not suitable for eyebrow piercing, therefore stay away from the piercers who use this particular equipment. Instead, you should look for a piercer that uses sterilized equipments and disposable needles for your safety. Also make sure that during the procedure, the piercer is using disposable latex gloves. Sterilization should be verified first because unsterile equipments can lead to contamination and expose you to contagious diseases.
Before working with a piercing artist, always ask for his portfolio. Most of the professional piercers will have pictures of previous piercings of his clients as proof of his expertise. From the images, evaluate if the piercer does a good job with positioning the jewelry. You should also ask him the procedure and jewelry he uses for your first piercing. To be safe, request a titanium, barbell

########
Rank: 19
Score: 56.96909
Retrieved Text: medusa glasses clear brown head.
medusa glasses ghost gold versace head.
medusa glasses mirrored sunglasses whiskey.
medusa glasses leather trimmed aviator sunglasses new head.
medusa glasses cat eye sunglasses pink gold oakley.
medusa glasses sunglasses glam dark grey versace head.
medusa glasses x sunglasses versace.
medusa glasses prescription vintage frame women brand designer eyeglasses with original case retro versace.
medusa glasses unisex sunglasses eyeglasses.
medusa glasses silver and black visor sunglasses drinking.
medusa glasses retro rivet sunglasses versace head.
medusa glasses high quality brand gold sun fashion evidence sunglasses designer for wo brands versace whisky.
medusa glasses sunglasses versace head.
medusa glasses retro rivet sunglasses versace drinking.
medusa glasses cat eye sunglasses w tags versace.
medusa glasses retro rivet sunglasses versace clear.
medusa glasses oversized sunglasses versace gold.
medusa glasses prescription vintage frame men brand designer eyeglasses with original case retro design gold plated sunglasses head.
medusa glasses sunglasses versace whisky.
medusa glasses glam head sunglasses.
medusa glasses new style luxury sunglasses popular oval protection lenses full metal frame vintage design sun versace prescription.
medusa glasses ghost frame sunglasses eyeglasses.
medusa glasses black eye ebony oakley.
medusa glasses vintage sunglasses versace prescription.
medusa glasses round sunglasses versace whiskey.
medusa glasses ghost frame sunglasses versace wine.
medusa glasses dark clear pack versace drinking.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 56.94518
Retrieved Text: Delphi told king Acrisius that his daughter Danae would have a son that would grow up an kill him. Acrisius sent Perseus on a quest to get Medusa head. Perseus does as instuted an he uses Medusa head to safe the princess that was in danger. Persus returned back a changed man he had now had a wife .
King Acrisius was told that his daughter ﻿Danae would have a son that would kill him. In fear King Acrisius looked Danae up in a room, but she still became pregnant by Zeus. King Acrisius sent Perseus on a quest to go get Medusa head thinking Medusa was going to kill Perseus.
﻿On his way home,Persues safed the princess by showing the sea monster Medusa head. He also was able to marry the princess Andromeda for safeing her. He returned back home married and rescued his mother by showing Polydeteces and his men Medusa head and turned them into stone.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 56.894295
Retrieved Text: Luke: Here, cousin. It looks like you could use a swig of this. It's good for what ails you.
Orville: Sufferin' sassafras! My rudder's on fire! Bail out! Bail out!
Madame Medusa: [phone rings, Medusa comes in] Who could be ringing at this time of night?
Madame Medusa: Madame Medusa's Pawn Shop Boutique.
Madame Medusa: Snoops! Don't tell me, Snoops, let me guess! You found it! Ha ha! You've found the diamond!
Madame Medusa: Give you time? You bungler! You have been down there for three months!
Madame Medusa: Bottles? What - Bottles? You caught Penny sending messages in bottles! You blundering fool, can't you control a little girl? Shut up! I am taking the next flight down to Devil's Bayou!
Penny: [the swampmobile won't start] Oh, please start.
Bernard: Not the horn, the spark lever. Digger, hold this.
Bernard: It's that doohickey on the steering wheel.
Penny: [praying] Please bless Rufus, and Teddy... And all the kids at the orphanage: Jennifer, Bobby, Mary, Julie. And please let someone find my bottle. There's a message in it. Because running away isn't working. Amen.
Penny: Oh, here. I brought you something.
Rufus the Cat: Grand notion! Cat-nip snaps.
Penny: [giggles] No, they're ginger snaps.
Rufus the Cat: Well, an old codger like me could use a little ginger.
Penny: I taked two extra ones for lunch today. We're not s'posed to do that.
Rufus the Cat: You can trust me. I won't tattletale on you.
Penny: I love you, Rufus.
Bianca: Oh, look! The little girl's treasures!
Bernard: Boy, the things kids collect.
Bianca: Oh, come on. You worry too much. You know that flights are always

########
Rank: 22
Score: 56.83525
Retrieved Text: All our piercing jewellery is for lovers of alternative body modification. From flesh tunnels to belly bars, we have a vast range of body jewellery in a selection of colours and styles that will give your piercing the attention it deserves.
With our affordable range of piercing jewellery, you can get new barbells and BCR’s that you can easily change at a moment’s notice as well as tapers to give your lobes great looking flesh tunnels. You can get a huge range of alternative piercings and we have body jewellery in a range of sizes and shapes that are perfect for you!
If you love alternative piercings then we have all the piercing jewellery you need to give yourself a totally distinctive look, including the brightest colours around!
All of our piercing jewellery has been made to the best specifications, to ensure that it won’t let you down when you’re out and showing off your awesome alternative body modification. We have a selection of designs and styles that encompass some of the most popular piercings, as well as allowing those that get the most extreme modifications they can to have the best jewellery around.
Many of our barbells, BCR’s and labrets are made from high grade titanium, making them suitable for new and healing piercings and they also come with a selection of colours and sizes, perfect for a whole host of body piercings. Not just including metal piercings, we also have a range of acrylics body jewellery in the form of flesh tunnels and tapers for ear stretching.
From this

########
Rank: 23
Score: 56.75157
Retrieved Text: Piercings are a fabulous form of self-expression. The perfect way to personalize your style. From stylish belly rings to double-hooped nose rings, there are tons of ways to decorate yourself. Visit one of our favorite Nebraska piercing places if you’re looking to get some new hardware.
According to its website, Skin Deep has been voted the No. 1 tattoo parlor for several years in Omaha. That’s not too shabby—especially because piercing also involves using a needle with skill. Piercings at Skin Deep are accomplished using quality jewelry, ensuring a quicker and safer healing time as well as a more stylish look.
At this shop, Eternal applies more to the tattoos than to the piercings. They have a large selection of possible piercing locations, including all of the spots on the ears. Those include the lobes, cartilage, conch, tragus, and industrial. They also offer tongue, lip, spider bites, dermals, eye brows, nose, and more.
Sometimes a tattoo is too much of a commitment, but you still want to change your look a bit. That’s the perfect time to get a piercing. Besides being more affordable than tattoos, with piercings you can interchange the jewelry or remove it completely, depending on the look you want. Walk-ins and appointments are available to be pierced at Iron Brush Tattoo.
Kearney’s own Olde Towne Tattoo shop offers piercing to its customers as well. Call for an appointment and to ask questions about pricing. Piercings usually run from $35 to $85, depending on location and what jewelry you would like initially.
Check out the website for Absolute

########
Rank: 24
Score: 56.724407
Retrieved Text: Sweet, summery and utterly girly, our range of pink ear piercing studs makes it easy to update your look and put a little spring in your step. These pink studs come in a huge choice of designs, from sweet and sugary to cute and punky. Whether you’re a girly girl, a tomboy or not a girl at all, these ear piercing studs are a great choice for summer. Many of us are guilty of buying cheap earrings but it’s important to treat your ear piercings to quality jewellery. Cheap studs can irritate your ears and they contribute to sagging ear piercings. Our ear studs, on the other hand, are made of high quality body jewellery materials such as surgical steel, titanium and BioFlex. They combine excellent quality and biocompatibility with cute designs that you will love to wear.
These ear piercing studs feature solid silver motifs on high quality surgical steel posts. They give you the beautiful shine of silver with the comfort of a steel post. We have over fifteen different silver and steel ear piercing studs to choose from – simply click on any of the images and scroll down to see the full range. They can be worn in almost any ear piercing including ear lobe, helix and tragus piercings. Simple and stylish, these ear studs are a great gift for yourself.
Did you know that you can also wear any labret stud as an earring? We have an enormous range of labrets and they make wonderful ear studs. Their flat backs are very comfortable

########
Rank: 25
Score: 56.703037
Retrieved Text: Medusa is a 360-degree video work that is experienced with a virtual-reality headset. It describes a Europe in crisis, and the events in the film mix fact with fiction. Sara Tirelli has used current news, social media, EU documents and interviews to portray the identity of the EU and the prevailing situation for people seeking asylum.
The title of the work refers to the Greek myth about the gorgon Medusa, whose gaze turned people into stone. It also suggests the historic painting by Théodore Géricault, The Raft of the Medusa (1818-1819), which is a depiction of the survivors of a shipwreck and how people are the victims of poor decisions made by the rulers. The Raft of the Medusa, in turn, has similarities with contemporary images of refugees who risk their lives on the way to Europe, while people in Europe are paralysed watching the events unfold on their TV screens. There is an obvious link between the painting and today’s media images of the refugee situation.
A large part of Medusa was filmed at the Borås Museum of Modern Art. A total of 63 mainly local actors participated. Among other projects, Sara Tirelli has collaborated with Agape, an NGO for unaccompanied minors.
Sara Tirelli, born 1979, is an Italian artist and filmmaker, who operates in the borderland between art and the film industry. She graduated with an MFA from the Faculty of Human Science at the University of Bologna, Department of Art, Music and Performing Art in 2003. Her works have been featured in numerous exhibitions and festivals,

########
Rank: 26
Score: 56.575512
Retrieved Text: With its own Medusa, MB&F’s latest co-creation with clockmaker L’Epée 1839, Maximilian Busser’s creative team successfully counters the demand from the Medusa of Greek myth that we avert our eyes. Once you see the colorful, jellyfish-shaped clock, you won’t be able to look away.
This new clock combines the watchmaker’s propensity for biomorphic shapes (see the MB&F Octopod, HM7 Aquapod, and HM3 Frog, among others) with its desire to push back boundaries in both watchmaking and, with L’Epée’s assistance, clock making.
Medusa, the tenth MB&F co-creation with the Swiss clockmaker, finds the team pressing friends to extend their expertise to create a bell-shaped glass clock that glows, stands, can be suspended–and can be wound and set from a single point.
The MB&F and L'Epee Medusa, standing.
The technical brief that independent designer Fabrice Gonet proposed to MB&F founder Maximilian Büsser appealed to Büsser’s experimental spirit and vision. The team then needed to make Gonet’s imaginative proposal a reality.
Crossing the Swiss border into Italy, L’Epée sought one aspect of their design in Venice where they enlisted Murano glass blowers to create the dome-shaped body of Medusa.
This assignment wasn’t a simple one. Only after consulting forty different artisans did the team find one with the skills required. The glass needed to appear extremely light and delicate, but also had to withstand the weight of a clock movement. Crafting the color was another challenge. MB&F reports that the pink edition, for instance, required multiple stages of layering red and clear glasses in order to reach the desired shade.
Within the hand-blown Murano glass two

########
Rank: 27
Score: 56.182037
Retrieved Text: The safest metals for ear piercings are generally gold and titanium, which are unlikely to provoke allergic reactions or infections. Four to six weeks after piercing, begin removing earrings and cleaning the posts with alcohol or saline solution daily.... "To minimize the risks, always go to a trained professional for piercing, use hypoallergenic earrings and keep your newly pierced ears clean," she advised.
Keep sheets clean. Make sure to change bed sheets regularly. This will reduce the number of bacteria that can come into contact with the ear while sleeping. Try to sleep on the side that is not... Ear Care Solution - Solutions that are provided by jewelry boutiques and department store piercers usually contain alcohol, hydrogen peroxide, and other harmful chemicals that only aggravate a new piercing.
After the procedure, carefully read and follow any instructions in after-care literature provided to you to prevent an infected ear piercing and until your piercings have completely healed. Sept. 29, 2015... It is normal for your piercing to hurt, look pink and swell initially. This is because you have a wound in place of the piercing. However, in few cases, your ear or nose may have developed an infection during or after piercing.
Your basic concerns with earrings are keeping the piercings healthy, the jewelry clean, and the holes open if you have to go without visible piercings for a while. How to Keep Pierced Ears Healthy The biggest health concerns for piercings occur immediately after the piercing was made.
Its fun to have your ears pierced, there are heaps of

########
Rank: 28
Score: 56.172215
Retrieved Text: Nearing the end of the trip to visit our daughter, we stopped in Conroe, Texas. As always, we dropped into the local brewery (Copperhead Brewery) to sample their wares. Lucy-Jo's flight consisted of 4 beer samples; the Medusa (Belgian Dark Strong), Copperhead White (Belgian Wheat), Cherry Medusa (Fruited Belgian Dark Strong), and Striker (IPA). While the IPA is usually not her style, she still found it to be quite palatable. The Medusa was her favorite, followed closely by the Cherry Medusa.
Don't let the snake logo fool you. The real mascot of this friendly little place is Winston, the Corgi. We were greeted at the door by this little guy. He refused to be ignored and even brought us a toy to share. As with most Texas watering holes, the people were very welcoming and certainly knowledgeable. I would definitely suggest stopping by if you are in the area. The Copperhead Brewery is not too far from the freeway and has great parking; something we always welcome as our truck is certainly Texas-sized!

########
Rank: 29
Score: 56.13576
Retrieved Text: I have a problem as my router shows one MAC address and the ipconfig shows a different one.
The license sent for Medusa will not work as that is the router MAC and I tried the ipconfig MAC and that does not work either.
I can PM Admin with the 2 different addresses if that is allowed.
Does anyone know how I can get the proper license replacement with my right computer physical address? I already registered but submitted the wrong number and need to get a new license since the one I have will not open Medusa.
Try a new registration with the right address.
Problem is, that whenever your MAC contains A-F the software gets wrong results, when comparing with the stored result in the license file.
get a new license file for medusa for a mac address like 002186553423. It's important for you, to obtain an address, that has no A-F in it.
now you can start medusa. Note, that you have to do this with the same mac-address ererytime you have started your system new.

================



======= Instance Index 9549 =========
Input Text: If a description of a situation begins like this: [header] How to plant begonia bulbs [title] Purchase tubers (bulbs) by mid winter. [step] Since begonias need to be planted in early spring, the best time to find a good selection is during the winter. There are hundreds of varieties to choose from, but all tuberous begonias require the same care.... Then how
does it continue? 

Ending 1: [title] Purchase dark, sugar-rich potting mix and medium-rich soil. [step] Tubers should grow in full shade and rot quickly.

Ending 2: You may want to look through a catalog or browse online to determine what type of begonias to plant. [substeps] There are over a thousand species of begonias, known to us, and not all of them are tuberous.

Ending 3: Lilies, begonias and poinsettia are grown in 6 varieties, a minimum of six if the plant is growing multiple bulbs. Most potting plants and houseplants will produce 2 bulbs each year.

Ending 4: [substeps] Winter plants may be applied after the northern hemisphere, such as other kinds of plants. Because the cold causes the roots to emerge, the flowers may need to be removed because that's the temperature the plant tends to be in.

Target Text: Ending 2

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 106.13865
Retrieved Text: Tuberous begonias produce beautiful rose-like flowers in a variety of colors. They are started from tubers, which many refer to as bulbs, and should be planted in early spring. Gardeners love begonias because unlike most other flowering plants, they prefer shade over sun. Once they sprout, begonias easily thrive in many different climates.
Purchase tubers (bulbs) by mid winter. Since begonias need to be planted in early spring, the best time to find a good selection is during the winter. There are hundreds of varieties to choose from, but all tuberous begonias require the same care. You may want to look through a catalog or browse online to determine what type of begonias to plant.
There are over a thousand species of begonias, known to us, and not all of them are tuberous. Other categories of begonias require different care.
Begonia flowers range in size from half an inch to almost a foot across. They come in every color except for blue.
Cascading begonia types, such as illumination begonias, are perfect for planting in hanging baskets, since they'll grow over the edge and trail toward the ground. Upright types, like nonstop begonias, grow about a foot tall.
Start the begonias indoors a month before the last frost. In any climate where the temperature drops low enough to cause a frost, you'll need to start the begonias indoors. If you live in a tropical climate that never frosts, you can plant them directly in the ground.
If you live in an area where the summers tend to be particularly hot, start the begonias

########
Rank: 1
Score: 103.20743
Retrieved Text: how to grow begonia bulbs through season.
how to grow begonia bulbs how to grow begonias from seed amerihybrid tuberous begonias giant ruffled mix mixed color giant begonia giant ruffled mix.
how to grow begonia bulbs salmon hanging basket begonia 60836 plant begonia bulbs in light shade flowers bloom june to frost jung garden and flower seed company planting growing flower bulbs how to dig store tuberous planting growing flower bulbs how to dig store tuberous begonias youtube.
how to grow begonia bulbs image titled grow begonias step 6 growing storing plant bulbs how to save store begonia bulbs growing storing plant bulbs how to save store begonia bulbs.
how to grow begonia bulbs image titled plant begonia bulbs step 06 how to plant begonia bulbs steps with pictures wikihow made recently.
how to grow begonia bulbs white wpink petals amerihybrid tuberous picotee lace begonia bridesmaid 3 big bulbs how to plant begonia bulbs steps with pictures wikihow made recently.
how to grow begonia bulbs begonia hanging basket picotee mix through season.
how to grow begonia bulbs hanging basket tuberous begonia bulbs bright mix mixed color amerihybrid hanging basket bulbs easy to grow bulbs white hanging basket begonia plant begonia bulbs in spring white hanging basket begonia plant begonia bulbs in spring in light shade blooms june to frost jung garden and flower seed company.
how to grow begonia bulbs planting growing flower bulbs how to dig store tuberous begonias youtube how to plant fall flower bulbs.
how to grow begonia bulbs large begonia tuber how to plant begonia tubers video thompson morgan how to

########
Rank: 2
Score: 73.23579
Retrieved Text: Spring flowering bulbs signal the end of winter. There is no limit to the number of bulbs that can be planted to add a splash of colour to the garden in late winter, early spring and summer.
Bulbs are not just popular for the masses of flowers they produce, but there is the added bonus of fragrance, they are great for picking, and can also be grown in patio pots and tubs. With careful planning and planting, bulbs could be flowering in your garden right through to the end of summer.
A bulb contains all the nutrients it needs for growth and flowering. The term bulb loosely covers all bulbs and includes tubers, corms and rhizomes. Bulbs are made up of layers of fleshy scales. Onions, liliums and daffodils are true bulbs, corms are solid flesh, sometimes woody looking. As the corm grows, bulblets form and the old one shrivels up and disappears. Gladioli, freesias and anemones are corms. Tubers are thickened shoots. The best known tuber is the potato, cyclamen and begonias are also tubers. Rhizomes are fleshy creeping stems that produce roots and flower spikes, a good example is the Bearded Iris.
Plant popular spring flowering bulbs, such as anemones, hyacinths and daffodils in autumn through to early winter. Summer flowering bulbs such as nerines, dahlias, begonias and liliums are planted in winter through to early spring.
Bulbs thrive in well drained soils. Damp soils will rot most bulbs; however, Japanese iris is one that will tolerate a damp location. Bulbs are best planted in full sun or

########
Rank: 3
Score: 72.871864
Retrieved Text: You know you've hit the flower jackpot when your plant is known for its brilliant flowers and its fancy foliage. The begonia has both of these lovely features. On top of that, they are relatively easy to take care of, whether you plant them indoors or outside. In summary, the begonia is an awesome plant. Follow these steps to learn how to care for this perfect plant.
Choose an indoor type of begonia. This list of begonias that grow well indoors is extensive. It is important to remember that some types of begonias are grown for their brilliantly colored flowers, while other begonias are enjoyed for their unique and beautiful foliage. Most begonias bought at nurseries will be labeled as indoor plants or outdoor plants.
There are two main categories of cultivated begonias based on growth habits. Also there are hybrids within these groups.
Cane Begonias grow upwards on tall stems that resemble bamboo in appearance. The Angel Wing Begonia is a common example.
Fibrous root Begonia species have stems that are directly attached to the crown of the plant like that of radish leaves. This group includes the Rex Begonia hybrids.
If you are still uncertain of whether or not your plant will work well indoors, ask an employee at your local nursery.
Plant indoor begonias in a good indoor potting soil. When potting your begonias, you should keep three factors in mind: the type of soil, the size of pot, and the amount of soil you use.
When choosing your potting material, you want the soil to be relatively neutral or

########
Rank: 4
Score: 70.314766
Retrieved Text: Begonias exist in hundreds of forms and have long been popular with gardeners. Some species are coddled houseplants with showy, often fantastically shaped and patterned leaves. Others thrive outdoors as annuals and bloom colorfully in the shade in containers and as bedding plants. Less widely known, but quite lovely, is the hardy begonia (Begonia grandis), a perennial species that will survive winters in Brooklyn and throughout USDA Zones 6–9.
This begonia has bright green heart-shaped leaves and dangling clusters of delicately fragrant pink or white flowers. It is a late bloomer and provides color in midsummer to early autumn when spring flowers have mostly disappeared. It is quite useful planted in beds with spring bulbs since it doesn’t appear until after they have faded. You can observe this planting technique at Brooklyn Botanic Garden, where hardy begonias have recently been placed among the spring ephemerals in Bluebell Wood. When the azure carpet of bluebells finishes its spring show, the begonias are just about ready to take over the display.
The esteemed late garden writer Allen Lacy was a big fan of Begonia grandis, but it was not the flowers or the shape of the leaves that endeared it to him. He particularly loved that the undersides of the leaves are bright red and planted them in his own garden in a spot where they would catch the light of the setting sun from behind. Backlit by the sun’s waning rays, the plants offered “a sight that is one of the epiphanies of autumn,” Lacy wrote in the New

########
Rank: 5
Score: 68.30874
Retrieved Text: My begonias have produced bulbs under the soil. If I plant these in the spring will they flower in the summer?
The begonia varieties are Destiny, Apricot Sparkle and Stars. The 'bulbs' will be kept in a frost free environment over the winter.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 68.22108
Retrieved Text: Gardening: What Are Bulbs, Corms, Tubers, and Rhizomes?
Flower “bulbs” come in these forms: true bulbs, corm, tuber, tuberous root, and rhizome. So, what you might think of as a flower bulb may not be a bulb at all — botanically speaking, that is.
True bulbs, such as daffodils, tulips, hyacinths, and snowdrops, often have a papery skin or tunic on the outside, much like an onion. Bulbs with a papery covering are called tunicate bulbs. The tunic helps protect the bulb from drying out when it’s resting or waiting to be planted. However, some true bulbs, such as lilies, don’t have a tunic. These bulbs dry out faster and are more easily bruised.
They’re more or less rounded, sort of ball-like, and narrow to a point on the top. Leaves and flower stems appear from this point.
With or without a tunic, true bulbs have a flat part, called a basal plate, at the bottom. That’s where roots grow and also where shoots and scales are attached.
True bulbs have new bulbs, called offsets, which form from the basal plate. When they get big enough, these offsets, or daughter bulbs, produce flowers on their own.
True bulbs are made up of rings, called scales, which are modified leaves that store food. Cut apart a true bulb, such as a hyacinth, at the right time of year, and you can find a miniature flower inside, just waiting to begin growing. Perennial true bulbs add new rings each year, from the inside. Old rings on the outside are used up, but the true

########
Rank: 7
Score: 66.84093
Retrieved Text: The Giant Camellia Begonia Mix Begonia brightens up the shady areas in the garden and around the house with beautiful colorful Belgium Begonias. No other plant grows so well in the shade. Colors range from delicate pastel hues to deep rich shades with the blooms accented by broad attractive foliage. The blooms are large in size with the lovely petal shape and design of Camellias. Pinch off side buds to produce large blooms up to 6 across. Start bulbs early indoors Feb-April and move outdoors after last frost. Hardy in zone 10 elsewhere dig and store before frost..
The Camellia Begonia Mix Begonia provides a rainbow color mixture of Camellia-type Begonias in reds pinks oranges and whites. They will bloom all summer long even in the shade. Plant them in shady gardens with protection from direct sun at all times. Plenty of water is essential to keep begonias from wilting but too much water will quickly rot the roots. Use bloom boosting fertilizer to encourage of multiple big camellia-like blooms. Pinch off side buds to produce large blooms up to 6 across! They are hardy in zone 10; elsewhere dig and and store before frost.
The Giant Camellia Begonia Scarlet Red Scarlet Begonia brightens up the shady areas in the garden and around the house with beautiful colorful Belgium Begonias. No other plant grows so well in the shade. Colors range from delicate pastel hues to deep rich shades with the blooms accented by broad attractive foliage. The blooms are large in size with the lovely petal shape

########
Rank: 8
Score: 64.25193
Retrieved Text: Flower Bulbs are a sure-fire route to a fabulous garden. That’s because each bulb already contains an embryonic flower and has been groomed for years to give its absolute best in exchange for very little love and attention. At Farmer Gracy’s, we offer the UK the biggest ever selection of amazing flower bulbs online, including some very unique varieties you won’t get anywhere else. What’s more, you get your top quality Dutch flower bulbs direct from the farm. So get browsing and be inspired!
Plant in Spring for Summer Flowering.
From Gladioli to Dahlias, from Begonias to Calla Lilies. Planting summer bulbs in Spring means enjoying colour all summer long. Summer bulbs are the perfect way to add bright notes of summer colour to the border. An existing planting can always use some added sparkle. After all, a riot of colour is what summer is all about! Summer bulbs, - corms and - tubers can be planted from mid-March to mid-June, as long as the danger of frost has passed. They will then produce flowers in abundance that very summer. Some summer bulbs, like Dahlias, Crocosmias and Begonias, can even keep on flowering into the autumn!
We ship our spring planting bulbs in spring, from March through May, until stock runs out. It's the perfect planting time!
Compositions of Colour and Elegance.
You’d love to turn your garden into a summer show ablaze with blooms, but how do you know which plants will flower simultaneously for a jaw-dropping effect? Don’t despair! Farmer Gracy has been hard at work, selecting bulb mixtures

########
Rank: 9
Score: 63.719765
Retrieved Text: All things considered, pound for pound the tuberous begonia is a most enjoyable plant to grow.
When potted in March-April, you can expect to have flowers in July, which will last abundantly and continuously until the first frosts of the autumn. This results in at least four months of blooms a year and if looked after properly, they will come back year after year so one purchase will give years of enjoyment in your garden.
Begonias are extremely versatile and can be used in different ways. These strong plants can add colour everywhere, not only in flower beds but in pots and hanging baskets.
There are many shapes and colours of Begonia available from Garden Centres but the double begonia remains the most popular. The large opulent flowers come in many colours and there are even some bi-coloured varieties available such as Bouton de Rose (pink and white).
Many begonia varieties have been developed specifically for use in pots, containers and hanging baskets and these will add summer colour to any patio.
Why not try planting a hanging basket of begonias? Our Giant flowering pendula begonias are perfect for these and will give a huge display of hanging blooms in the summer. Try planting a 30cm diameter hanging basket with 5 Giant pendula begonia tubers – this will be ample to give a spectacular summer display from July onwards. Our “Splendide” varieties are also excellent for hanging baskets (featured image is Splendide Mixed).
Begonias are particularly well suited to growing in pots. Aztec Gold (yellow orange) and Babylon (pink/red) not only give

########
Rank: 10
Score: 63.082367
Retrieved Text: Begonias are a great way to brighten up both the home and garden. Taking care of begonias is easy, especially when you have the right begonia care information on hand. While some types of begonia are grown for their flowers, others are grown for their foliage. To take advantage of either, use the following tips on growing begonias to ensure the best results.
As a gardener, it can be overwhelming when trying to assess your garden’s fertilizer needs. The struggle is so real that many gardeners don’t bother to fertilize anything, even their tuberous begonias! Fertilizing tuberous begonia is important and this article will help.
There are over 1,500 species and over 10,000 hybrids of begonia in existence today. Talk about beaucoup (boo coo) begonia! New cultivars are added every year, including Gryphon begonia. So, what is a gryphon begonia? Learn more in this article.
Many plant lovers have realized that instead of purchasing expensive begonia baskets each spring, they can overwinter them in greenhouses or as houseplants. Of course, overwintering begonia plants may require pruning. Learn how to prune begonias here.
If you can't decide what to plant in that protected, semi-shady corner, you can't go wrong with tuberous begonia. Keeping the plant alive and healthy requires some extra attention, but this article can help with that.
The angel wing begonia is commonly named for the shape of its leaves. Numerous cultivars exist so there is an angel wing begonia houseplant for most indoor situations. Click here to learn more.
Annual begonia plants have many uses in the summer garden and

########
Rank: 11
Score: 62.17634
Retrieved Text: Plant-o-tray Patio Preplanted Bulbs – Tulips 3.5 out of 5 based on 17 ratings.
Parsnip Seeds – Picador F1 Tulip Species Bulbs – Collection Begonia Tubers – Scented Collection Daffodil Miniature Bulbs – Patio Mix Our sensational flower bulbs are an easy way to provide colour in the garden. For use in containers, planting in the border or for cut flower use, there's a variety for every need – there's lots to inspire you!

########
Rank: 12
Score: 61.057487
Retrieved Text: How to Grow Begonias,tender annual growing begonia, hanging baskets Grow Begonias from Tubers: A combination of beautiful double-flowers and textured foliage make the tuberous-rooted begonias attractive plants to grow. Annual begonia plants have many uses in the summer garden and beyond. Their care is relatively simple when one properly learns how to grow these begonias. How to Grow Begonias. Begonias are a classic gardeners’ favorite for their ease of growing and beautiful color. Whether you want a new houseplant to add to Begonias are a popular houseplant. Some varieties are grown for their flowers while others their striking foliage. Growing begonia houseplants only Begonias and how to grow and use them in the landscape. Uses, problem solving, borders, etc. .
Begonia is a genus of perennial flowering plants in the family Begoniaceae. The genus contains more than 1,800 different plant species. The Begonias are Blackmore & Langdon are a long established nursery which specialises in begonias and delphiniums. Includes details of mail order service with delivery Home > Seed Starting. Growing Begonias from Seed by Brad Thompson Growing begonias from seed can How to Care for a Begonia. You know you’ve hit the flower jackpot when your plant is known for its brilliant flowers and its fancy foliage. The begonia has .

########
Rank: 13
Score: 60.217155
Retrieved Text: There are more than 2,000 different species of begonias with a wide variety of shapes and colors of flowers to choose from. They can be grown trailing over the side of a container, upright in pots or in the garden. They bloom from summer to first frost. You can grow them from small plants bought at nurseries, or from tubers. Tuberous begonias are susceptible to frost, but with proper care can come back year after year. Wax begonias tend to be compact and upright and are usually grown outside as annuals.
Begonias can be easily and successfully grown in containers if you follow some general rules: use a pot fitted to the size of the plant, use the appropriate soil and provide the right amounts of sunlight, water, food and care.
Use a small, clean pot for your begonia. If you are reusing a pot, make sure it has been cleaned with soap and water and sprayed with bleach to get rid of bacteria and any diseases left in it. A small pot is fine for one begonia, as they have a small root ball. If you are planting more than one in a pot, choose a large enough pot to provide adequate room. A two to three inch tuber or root ball needs six to eight inches of space to provide enough room for roots and growth, so a six to eight inch diameter pot will work just fine. An advantage of using small pots is that you can have different colors or varieties in several small

########
Rank: 14
Score: 59.466072
Retrieved Text: What Are the Various Types of Bulb Flowers?
Have you ever wondered exactly how flowers that are planted in the fall and undergo harsh winters are able to produce some of the most gorgeous flowers in the early spring? These bulb flowers are flowers that store food in their bulbs that are able to withstand the conditions under the ground even during harsh winters. There are a variety of different types of bulbs, each of which produce a different type of flower.
True bulbs are probably the most common bulb even a non-gardener would be able to recognize. These rounded bulbs look a bit like a garlic bulb and have layers of skin that serve as the flower’s food, as well as protection during its growing phase. The shoot is the part of this flower that grows the stem, flowers and leaves. The most common type of true bulb is the tulip.
Corms are similar to true bulbs, but they have a flatter surface. The most common type of bulb flowers that come from corms is the crocus. The skin of the corm reproduces to make a new corm for the next season from which your crocus will grow. The exterior of the corm resembles an onion, but the interior, if it were to be cut in half, does not look like uniform layers like the interior of the true bulbs do.
A tuber takes on a similar shape to that of the corms but does not have the outer layer of skin protection. Tubers actually look a bit mangled

########
Rank: 15
Score: 59.307888
Retrieved Text: Begonia is a flowering plants genus. The perennial plants belong to the Begoniaceae plant family. The plants are native to wet tropical and sub-tropical climates. The genus has about 1,839 species of plants. Certain Begonia varieties are grown in cool climates as indoor ornamental houseplants.
Similarly, some species are grown outdoors in the same climatic conditions in summer. They bloom into bold, colorful flowers. Although Begonia plants have sepals, they lack petals.
A French botany patron, Charles Plumier, coined the name Begonia. In 1753, Linnaeus adopted the name to honor a previous Saint-Domingue French colony governor.
Begonia is ranked 5th among the largest angiosperm genus. The plants are native to Africa, Central and North America and Southern Asia. The plants can be undershrubs or terrestrial herbs. Some species are epiphytic. Wild terrestrial Begonia species are often rhizomatous or with upright stems. Some species are also tuberous.
Begonia plants are monoecious, meaning female and male flowers appear on different parts of a plant. Female flowers feature large, inferior ovaries and 2-4 twisted or branched stigmas. On the other hand, male flowers feature many stamens.
A typical Begonia fruit has winged capsules with many tiny seeds. The plant has large, variegated, asymmetric leaves.
Begonias have distinct cultural requirements. However, most Begonia species thrive in warm temperatures. They cannot tolerate the full sun, so do well in shades. They do well in wet, well-drained soils. Unlike tuberous Begonias with dormancy periods, most Begonia varieties flower all-year round.
Tubers are stored in cool, dry places during the dormancy period. Tuberous Begonias are often used as container plants.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 58.644417
Retrieved Text: The process of lifting, dividing and storing flower bulbs is one of the many secrets to gardening success. Learning to perform these tasks properly will allow you to grow your favorite bulbs year after year without having to buy new ones, and you will actually increase the number of bulbs you have to plant each year.
Bulbs, corms, tubers and rhizomes all provide a way for plants to store energy underground when they are dormant, and there are several reasons for removing these fleshy types of root systems and storing them indoors.
In cold winter climates, some bulbs will not survive unless they are removed from the ground and stored in a frost-free place.
In very mild winter climates, some bulbs are lifted and artificially chilled so they will bloom the next year.
In wet climates, some bulbs are prone to rotting while they are dormant.
If a plant produces more foliage than flowers, that's a sign that it needs to be divided and replanted.
Summer-blooming and fall-blooming bulbs often need to be lifted in areas with cold winters. You could treat them as annuals and buy new bulbs every spring, but that can be quite expensive. You also can't be sure that you will be able to buy your favorite cultivar again since garden centers do not always sell the same varieties every year. Potted bulbs feel the cold far more than bulbs in the ground because of their elevated, exposed location, so these bulbs are often removed from the soil and stored during winter.
Each bulb has its own specific level

########
Rank: 17
Score: 58.310368
Retrieved Text: Begonia is so various in its forms that it often looks like other flowers, like a rose, a camellia, a carnation, and others. That's why you can make a very diverse decor for your cafe or restaurant, as well as for the infield, using only one flower.
it contains organic acids and tannins, so it is used even for medical purposes.
Begonia has two types: flowering and decorative-deciduous. In the first case you will receive flowers of different colors, shapes and sizes. In the second - a lush juicy greens with leaves of amazing shapes and shades.
In our nursery in Guelph, Ontario, near Toronto you can find different kinds of begonias and buy begonia, which will become the decoration for the garden, restaurant or cafe. We offer flowers in pots or special urns, which are easy to install in any place.
You must provide begonia with certain care conditions and flower will please you with its unsurpassed flowering. Before planting it is necessary to put drainage in the tank, where the flower will grow. As well as charcoal, which will not allow the roots to rot. Remember, that the root system is very gentle, so it can be damaged.
Periodically, you have to change the soil, as it will eventually deplete. At this time a delicate plant needs more gently handling. In winter watering should be reduced.
Vases for planting should not be very deep, but you can take a wide container and plant several begonias at once. In this case you will get a magnificent multicolored bush. Lighting for flowering

########
Rank: 18
Score: 58.13395
Retrieved Text: These fabulous double begonias produce giant, scarlet red show-winning flower heads up to 15cm across, guaranteed to brighten your summer pots and containers or ideal at the front of a border. Flowers from June to October. 5/6cm tubers supplied, which can be lifted and kept over winter to be reused for many years. Delivery from late January, weather permitting.
This truly outstanding large bold scarlet red Begonia will provide your garden with an award winning look this year, its regal looking colour just oozes from its flower head and will add class to your borders or pots on your patio. The Begonia tubers can be started into growth from February onwards. The easiest way to plant them is to put them into shallow boxes containing a mixture of loam, leaf mould and sand. While doing this prepare the potting soil. The height this stunning Begonia will grow to is 30cm.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 57.86516
Retrieved Text: Plants with a subterranean bulb that holds reserves for the following year during the growing season are often all grouped under the term bulbs.
true bulb: a collection of fleshy leaves covering the almost complete embryo of the future plant.
tuber: an underground swelling of the root or stem.
corm: a thickening of the base of the stem.
rhizome: a subterranean stem with roots and aerial shoots.
Tulips and daffodils belong to the large category of hardy bulbs, i.e. bulbs that are planted in the fall and weather well under snow throughout the winter. Gladiolus, cannas, dahlias and begonias, on the other hand, must be sheltered from freezing weather if they are to blossom the following year.
They are thus called non-hardy or tender bulbs.
The following are some suggestions for growing some of the more popular non-hardy bulbs.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 57.666443
Retrieved Text: Over the road and across the highway to the garden center I go. The car knows the way, never to stray……………….. I told myself I already have enough plants for this year. Can gardening be addictive? Unfortunately I read somewhere that June is the time to walk around the yard looking for bare spots or drab areas that could use a little sprucing up with annuals. And June is still prime time for planting annuals whose duty is to mask those early blooming perennials and waning spring bulbs. I‘m going scoot out of here early in the day, returning quickly and maybe nobody will notice. Morning is the best time to plant anyway, ahead of the hot daytime sun. Nobody will discern me watering the new plantings daily because the hanging baskets get a drink daily and the container plants every other day. My potting soil didn’t have fertilizer in it, so I’m going to try a starter solution of fertilizer when I introduce these new plants into the landscape. The next task is weeding, also a morning chore. It keeps me out of the hot daytime sun. Do you agree that weeding is a bother? Not many folks enjoy it. Pesticides limit weeds but also discourage bees, butterflies and birds. Our Creeping Charlie is so aggressive. Hopefully, a pesticide will slow its pace, but a layer of hardwood mulch is an alternative to commercial weed killers.
Grooming beds certainly dresses them up. Deadheading, – removing fading flowers – improves a plant’s appearance and encourages continual bloom.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 57.402103
Retrieved Text: When one thinks of bulbs it is usually the spring flowering Daffodils and Crocus that come to mind. However, some of the most colourful and dramatic summer flowering plants are grown from bulbs and tubers. Summer flowering bulbs start to appear in garden centres in January for planting later in the spring. If you are looking for a boost on a dull January day choosing some summer bulbs could be just the ticket, you only need to look at the packets to feel warmer.
Summer bulbs do not take up much space and many do well in pots. They look good planted between perennials and even grasses for a more modern look. They also tend to have quite dramatic foliage which compliments the broad leafed foliage of many perennials.
Gladioli may prompt images of a cacophony of colour in Dame Edna Everidge hues but they are wonderful garden plants. Plant a few in the vegetable patch to brighten it up and for cut flowers to bring into the house. Of course you can be a little more subtle and grow Gladioli in single colours or a co-ordinated mix.
Agapanthus is another plant which should not need to be lifted before winter in our area. Agapanthus is not technically a bulb. Its storage unit is its fleshy roots. It has dramatic flower heads rising above lush strap-like foliage in all shades of blue to purple.
Dahlias are becoming more popular again after a period in the doldrums. Dahlias are fun and reliable and give lovely colour right into the autumn. There

########
Rank: 22
Score: 57.065952
Retrieved Text: Colorful spring bulbs are the cure for those winter doldrums. Bulbs planted now will make dazzling beds of bright neon colors blooming from February to May. February brings crocus, snowdrops and grape hyacinths pushing their way through late winter snows. March has trumpeting daffodils of yellow and white along with hyacinths exploding with fragrance to fill the fresh spring air. Tulips, blooming from March to Mid-May, can be used as borders or mass plantings. All Grass Pad Warehouses have thousands of tulips available in multiple bloom times, heights and colors. September thru November is the time to get to the Grass Pad for the best selection in Kansas City. Holland bulbs shipped straight from Sassenheim to Grass Pad Warehouses have just arrived. Warehouses full of the very best quality tulip bulbs at cheaper than internet prices with no saw dust. Our Dutch Uncle selects only the best for tulips, daffodils and crocus for Kansas City. Bring your catalogs and compare.
How to Plant Tulips, Daffodils, Crocus and Hyacinth.
Bulbs are popping up in borders, perennial gardens, rock gardens, woodland settings, natural lawns and even in patio containers. Wherever you choose to plant them, you’ll want to remember that most bulbs prefer well-drained soil and full sun. Avoid areas and containers where water tends to puddle. In addition, bulbs need warmth and light to trigger their spring growth.
Soil preparation and fertilization are two of the most important things you can do.
Start by loosening the soil at least 4 to 6 inches deep where you plan to plant bulbs. you

########
Rank: 23
Score: 56.974712
Retrieved Text: Follow these steps to ensure a spectacular flower display that offers years of beauty and enjoyment.
Order your bulbs from a reputable supplier, and check with the seller that what you are ordering will provide the desired effect (for example, a good bloom sequence).
Prepare the bed to be planted before the bulbs arrive. Dig into the soil with a trowel, and pull the trowel toward you to create a hole slightly deeper than your desired planting depth. (In warmer areas, plant small bulbs three inches deep and larger bulbs six inches deep; in colder areas, plant small bulbs five inches deep and larger bulbs eight inches deep.) Incorporate composted material and bulb food for added nutrients.
Plant on a cool day when the earth is slightly damp but still friable. Bulbs need soil that drains well. Don’t try to plant in mud or ultra-dry earth. Enlist the help of a friend so that the entire area can be planted on the same day to ensure a unified look and proper density of planting.
Once planted, top the bed with a thin layer of rich compost, and water the area well.
If adding ground covers or perennials such as hellebores, do so while planting the bulbs to avoid disturbing the bed later.
When massed together, these six species of miniature spring bulbs make a grand statement over a period of six to eight weeks.
Grecian Windflower (Anemone blanda): Scores of daisy-like flowers pop up in early to mid-spring. Soak the dry tubers overnight in water before planting them.
Glory of-the-Snow (Chionodoxa luciliae): White starlike

########
Rank: 24
Score: 56.93068
Retrieved Text: Spring - Once the foliage dies back or matures in the late spring or early summer, the bulb is dormant. You can tell the plant is dormant when the foliage is brown and papery and can easily be pulled free. Summer is the dormant period for Spring Bulbs. As the foliage dies back, the roots that nourish the bulbs also die back. With fall rains, the bulb comes out of summer dormancy and roots begin to grow again to provide the bulb nutrients and moisture. Once the Spring Bulbs enter dormancy, the time is right to dig the bulbs if needed. Some bulbs benefit from digging to divide the bulbs and spread them out over the bed.
If you lift your Spring-Flowering Bulbs, they should be stored in a well ventilated place and replanted in the fall. Every five years Daffodils and Crocus should be dug and replanted to prevent overcrowding. The first sign of overcrowding will be a decrease in the flower size, uneven bloom and uneven plant height. When this occurs, dig, spread bulbs out and replant immediately.
Summer – Less hardy bulbs such as Dahlias or Begonias should be lifted each fall. It is best to lift after frost has blackened foliage, gently spade up the bulbs, being careful not to cut into the bulbs/tubers and damage them. If you prefer to lift the bulbs before frost has hit, you can dig your bulbs early and store them in a well-ventilated, frost-free area until they are dry. Just let the leaves remain on the bulbs

########
Rank: 25
Score: 56.710537
Retrieved Text: When most people think of bulbs they often think of daffodils or other similar flowers. However, the bulbous variey of flowers goes well beyond that.
While tulips, hyacinths and snowdrops also belong with the ‘true’ bulb family, there are many flowers that have corms, rhizomes or tubers. These include agapanthus and hippeastrums, dahlias, cannas and other lilies, irises, begonias, anemones and amaryllis, to name just a few.
Not only do bulbs do the work of reproducing the plant, they store food for those months when the leaves die and the plant is dormant. Thus, when the conditions are right the new plant has all it needs to thrust new shoots up into the sunlight.
To grow bulbs such as tulips in a temperate region, keep them in the refrigerator for four to eight weeks before planting out at the coldest time of year. In cold ares, plant in late autumn. Tulips like warm, dry summers alkaline soil. They may be affected by aphids, or a fungal condition called ‘tulip fire’ if there is too much moisture about. Their vibrant colors make them well worth a place in the garden.
Most bulbs can be grown successfully in containers, but need at least four inches ((10 cm)) of soil below them and 2-4 inches (5-10 cm) above. It’s a good idea to plant bulbs in a pot and bury it in the garden to prevent them from being accidentally hoed during a weeding session. If you have trouble with rodents eating your bulbs, plant them inside a wire cage buried in the

########
Rank: 26
Score: 56.417645
Retrieved Text: This month it is time to plant wallflowers, forget-me-not, Bellis, Primula, Viola (including winter pansies) and other spring bedding plants in prepared ground or pots. In mild areas, it is still just possible to sow hardy annuals outside, to overwinter for a display next year. Continue to plant spring-flowering bulbs. Now is also good time to plant new herbaceous perennials, as the soil is still warm, but moister than it was during the summer. Lily bulbs can be planted up in pots this month. Cut back faded herbaceous perennials and add to compost heap. Lift and divide poor flowering or overcrowded herbaceous plants. Wait for first frosts to hit dahlias and cannas before lifting the tubers or rhizomes. They may overwinter in the ground in warmer regions if covered with a protective layer of straw or bracken, but flowering may be late and/or poor next year. Lift tender bulbs if you live in a cold area; Galtonia and Tigridia bulbs, for example, need lifting and storing over the winter. Any remaining summer bedding plants struggling on in milder areas are best cleared and replaced, for a fresher display. Don’t neglect hanging basket maintenance – a little deadheading, watering and feeding can keep them going until mid-autumn. Once they are past their best, re-plant with spring-flowering bulbs, winter heathers, trailing ivies and spring bedding plants. Raise patio containers on to bricks or purpose-made pot feet to avoid them sitting in water during the winter. Move alpine troughs to a covered porch or lean-to to protect them from

########
Rank: 27
Score: 56.31258
Retrieved Text: Harvest potatoes before slug damage becomes a problem. Leave them out for a while to dry, then store in paper sacks or boxes. Only store sound tubers – all damaged tubers should be used straight away or destroyed.
Plant winter hanging baskets and window boxes using dwarf spring flowering bulbs, winter pansies, heathers, bellis daisies and dwarf wallflowers for colour through the winter into the early spring.
To avoid winter moth problems on next year’s crop of apples, fix grease bands around the trunks of the trees, keeping the bands in place until next April.
Plant over-wintering onion sets and garlic bulbs. Many good varieties are now available (for example, Radar, Electric and Garlic Marco).
Add some late colour to your garden by planting hydrangeas, hibiscus, hardy fuchsia and ceratostigma. If you plant them now, they’ll establish themselves quickly before the winter.
Re-seed or turf any bare patches of lawn. Seed is cheaper but takes longer, while turf is more expensive but delivers instant results. Both need watering well in dry weather.
Remove greenhouse shading as light levels are decreasing, so you don’t deprive plants of light once the risk of overheating is over.
Asparagus foliage should be cut down to within 2.5cms (1″) of the ground once it has turned yellow – then mulch around the plants with well-rotted manure or garden compost.
Sow sweet peas in pots or tubs, and overwinter in a cold frame or greenhouse, for early summer blooms next year.
Blackberries and loganberries can now be planted – thorned and thornless varieties are both available. Harvest the fruit on established

########
Rank: 28
Score: 56.169395
Retrieved Text: Hurry, only 999885 bulbs available!
Hurry, only 999849 bulbs available!
Hurry, only 999944 bulbs available!
Hurry, only 999774 bulbs available!
Hurry, only 998524 bulbs available!
Hurry, only 998969 bulbs available!
Hurry, only 999819 bulbs available!
Hurry, only 98524 bulbs available!
Hurry, only 99499 bulbs available!
Begonia Tubers (Roseform) - Red Shipping Zones 6-12 Now!
Hurry, only 144 bulbs available!
Begonia Tubers (Roseform) - White Shipping Zones 6-12 Now!
Hurry, only 242 bulbs available!
Caladium Bulbs - Red Flash Shipping Zones 6-12 Now!
Hurry, only 640 bulbs available!
Caladium Bulbs - White Christmas Shipping Zones 6-12 Now!
Hurry, only 99604 bulbs available!
Caladium Bulbs - White Queen Shipping Zones 6-12 Now!
Hurry, only 99454 bulbs available!
Hurry, only 420 bulbs available!
Hurry, only 99785 bulbs available!
Hurry, only 14 bulbs available!
Hurry, only 99831 bulbs available!
Hurry, only 99927 bulbs available!
Hurry, only 996749 bulbs available!
Daylily Roots - Arctic Snow Shipping Zones 6-12 Now!
Daylily Roots - Mildred Mitchell Shipping Zones 6-12 Now!
Hurry, only 416 bulbs available!
Daylily Roots - Strawberry Candy Shipping Zones 6-12 Now!
Hurry, only 399 bulbs available!
Elephant Ear Bulbs - Illustris Shipping Zones 6-12 Now!
Hurry, only 99299 bulbs available!
Gladiolus Flower Bulbs - Violetta Shipping Zones 6-12 Now!
Hurry, only 98459 bulbs available!
Hurry, only 997699 bulbs available!
Hurry, only 998394 bulbs available!
Hurry, only 999119 bulbs available!
Hurry, only 999579 bulbs available!
Mexican Tuberose Bulbs - Single White Shipping Zones 6-12 Now!
Hurry, only 99239 bulbs available!

########
Rank: 29
Score: 56.09418
Retrieved Text: Hardy bulbs require a period of cold in order to bloom. These bulbs are planted in the fall and bloom in spring or summer. You can force hardy bulbs to bloom most any time by chilling them for 2-4 months, which fools them into thinking they’ve had winter.
Examples of hardy bulbs include: tulips, daffodils, grape hyacinths, and crocuses.
Tender bulbs do not need, and cannot survive, cold temperatures. They respond more to the length of daylight and to warmth, and they are usually planted in the spring to bloom in summer or fall. You can’t force them to bloom unless you have a greenhouse that controls light, temperature, and humidity, but you can give them a head start by potting them indoors in early spring.
Examples of tender bulbs include Canna, Calla, Elephant Ear, Caladium, Ranunculus, Dahlia, Gladiolus, and Tuberous Begonia.
Some bulbs are only semi-tender, meaning that some areas of the U.S. can grow them year-round. Others are tropical and cannot tolerate any cold at all. When buying bulbs, be sure to check the hardiness zone to see if you can leave them in the ground over the winter. If your climate is too cold, you can always dig up and store your tender bulbs over the winter, and replant them in the spring.
As for the question about spring vs. summer bulbs, that’s just an indicator of when they bloom. All spring bulbs are hardy, but summer bulbs may or may not be hardy depending on the type.
I just purchased nice big elephant ear bulbs. So my question

================



======= Instance Index 4898 =========
Input Text: If a description of a situation begins like this: [header] How to do sqlite database recovery and convert it with sqlite database recovery [title] Download and open sqlite database recovery software on your pc. [title] Browse to the corrupt sqlite database file location (file extension. Db ,. Sqlite ,. Sqlite3). [step] Choose file and then click ok.... Then how
does it continue? 

Ending 1: [title] Open database recovery software on your computer, then in the converted database tool bar it will say' uninstall'. [title] Use that tool to compile the recovered database data into sqlite3.

Ending 2: [substeps] The software will perform the scanning process over the selected database. Wait for the scanning process to get completed.

Ending 3: The file extension wizard will screen you as a backup file. [title] Delete the corrupted database folder in case there are other files from the database that are reused.

Ending 4: [title] Locate and uninstall sqlite database recovery software on your system. [title] For advanced use, look for the sqnook database recovery tool.

Target Text: Ending 2

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 104.6528
Retrieved Text: Expert Advice Info is a technical portal, which is designed to publish latest technical tips, tricks, news and information about Software, Apps & Latest Gadgets.
SQLite database is very prone to corruption and many of us have no idea on how to resolve it. So today. I will be telling you some manual techniques with which you can easily repair corrupt SQLite database. However, apart from these manual procedures will also be sharing one SQLite recovery tool for easy assistance.
SQLite is one of the popular relational database management system. It is used by various operating systems, browsers, embedded systems and many more other applications. SQLite best fits those users who are looking for an open source and embedded database software.
SQLite works as an embedded SQL database engine as it doesn't have a separate server process.
Whenever your SQLite database moves into an inaccessible state this means that your database is facing corruption. It can happened due to many reasons but the only way through which you can get your data back is to repair corrupt SQLite database.
Opening up a file decryptor again and again may overwrite the thread files which ultimately leads to data corruption.
Restoring your files when a transaction is going on may also lead to data corruption.
So now the question is how to repair SQLite database which is corrupt?
So here in this step by step guide, I will tell you how you can recover the database files for free.
If repairing the files is not possible with the above mentioned technique then I would suggest you to

########
Rank: 1
Score: 95.78629
Retrieved Text: Unallocated clusters of Sqlite database have a header, but the footer is not available in the file. This causes a lot of trouble while carving Sqlite databases from unallocated clusters. With a widespread usage of Sqlite application for storing data by Google Chrome, IOS, Mac, etc., Sqlite forensics has become a crucial stage for investigators. In order to analyze the Sqlite database and all its elements, it is important to collect Sqlite database evidences from the unallocated clusters. Let us see its importance and the file structure of the Sqlite database.
This Sqlite file format and database structure information involves only significant information which is important for Sqlite file forensics.
Sqlite database has all pages of equal size and it also comprises of a definite number of pages. Page size of database is always a power of two ranging from 512 (29) and 65536 (216) bytes.
Page numbers begin from 1 and not from 0. Page size can be determined by 2 byte integer which is located at an offset of 16 bytes from beginning of database file.
This formula: offset = (page number-1) x page size can be used to reach a particular page.
Why is First Page of Database Important?
The first page of Sqlite database comprises of the database header. This header information is stored in the first 100 bytes of the page. Another important factor is it contains of the Database Schema i.e. structure of database.
A large part of Sqlite database file can have many B-Tree structures. A single B-Tree structure is stored with one or multiple pages

########
Rank: 2
Score: 93.635666
Retrieved Text: The file extension SQLITE is associated with databases which are created using the SQLite database management system. SQLite uses SQL (Structured Query Language Technology), which is a specific language that is used for working with information in relational databases. SQL follows the ANSI (American National Standards Institute) and ISO (International Organization for Standardization) standards.
The file extension SQLITE is a database file type that contains text, numerical data, cell structures, spreadsheet layouts, database management information, objects, and other elements that are typically used with a database. SQLite is a relational database management program that can be used by many different applications and platforms. As long as the application or platform supports SQLite, you can access SQLITE file extensions using SQL commands.
SQLite provides a versatile library which allows the database to be recognized by GIS (Geographic Information Systems) and a variety of different programming applications. The SQLite program is also commonly used with web browsers and is integrated into mobile operating systems such as iOS and Symbian.
Since SQLITE files integrate well with multiple programs and applications, double click on the file to see if it will automatically open in a default program you have installed on your PC. SQLITE files can be supported by different applications, so you may already have a program which will open the file.
If you use Windows, Mac OS X, or Linux, you can open SQLITE files using SQLite, which is available as a free download on the SQLite.org website. The download also includes source codes in a ZIP archive, documentation for the SQL

########
Rank: 3
Score: 93.442245
Retrieved Text: How do I create an AUTOINCREMENT field?
Why doesn't SQLite allow me to use '0' and '0.0' as the primary key on two different rows of the same table?
Can multiple applications or multiple instances of the same application access a single database file at the same time?
I deleted a lot of data but the database file did not get any smaller. Is this a bug?
Can I use SQLite in my commercial product without paying royalties?
How do I use a string literal that contains an embedded single-quote (') character?
What is an SQLITE_SCHEMA error, and why am I getting one?
Why does ROUND(9.95,1) return 9.9 instead of 10.0? Shouldn't 9.95 round up?
I get some compiler warnings when I compile SQLite. Isn't this a problem? Doesn't it indicate poor code quality?
Case-insensitive matching of Unicode characters does not work.
I accidentally deleted some important information from my SQLite database. How can I recover it?
What is an SQLITE_CORRUPT error? What does it mean for the database to be "malformed"? Why am I getting this error?
Does SQLite support foreign keys?
I get a compiler error if I use the SQLITE_OMIT_... compile-time options when building SQLite.
My WHERE clause expression column1="column1" does not work. It causes every row of the table to be returned, not just the rows where column1 has the value "column1".
How are the syntax diagrams (a.k.a. "railroad" diagrams) for SQLite generated?
The SQL standard requires that a UNIQUE constraint be enforced even if one or more of the columns in the constraint are NULL, but SQLite does not do this. Isn't that a bug?
What is the

########
Rank: 4
Score: 91.95335
Retrieved Text: In recent times, the Internet of Things (IoT) has rapidly emerged as one of the most influential information and communication technologies (ICT). The various constituents of the IoT together offer novel technological opportunities by facilitating the so-called “hyper-connected world.” The fundamental tasks that need to be performed to provide such a function involve the transceiving, storing, and analyzing of digital data. However, it is challenging to handle voluminous data with IoT devices because such devices generally lack sufficient computational capability. In this study, the authors examine the IoT from the perspective of security and digital forensics. SQLite is a light-weight database management system (DBMS) used in many IoT applications that stores private information. This information can be used in digital forensics as evidence. However, it is difficult to obtain critical evidence from IoT devices because the digital data stored in these devices is frequently deleted or updated. To address this issue, they propose Schema Pattern-based Recovery (SPaRe), an SQLite recovery scheme that leverages the pattern of a database schema. In particular, SPaRe exhaustively explores an SQLite database file and identifies all schematic patterns of a database record. The authors implemented SPaRe on an iPhone 6 running iOS 7 in order to test its performance. The results confirmed that SPaRe recovers an SQLite record at a high recovery rate.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 91.81624
Retrieved Text: DBSync for SQLite & MySQL is a reliable bi-directional database migration program which allows you to convert and synchronize databases from SQLite to MySQL or from MySQL to SQLite with the ability to copy the whole database as well as to convert particular tables, fields, indexes and foreign keys. Insert sync, Update sync and Drop sync features enable you to accomplish overall synchronization and to keep distributed databases in agreement.
Sqlite Database Editor, Sqlite Admin, Sqlite Aes Encryption, Sqlite Expert, Sqlite Administrator, Sqlite Import Tool, Sqlite, Sqlite Manager, Mssql Sqlite, Sqlite Editor Freeware.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 91.78714
Retrieved Text: Shogia - Shogia is a SQLite Database Java Object Code Generator..
Shogia is a SQLite Database Java Object Code Generator.
Shogia will generate object oriented "database layer" classes, and is an Object Relational Mapping (ORM) tool. These Java classes will allow creation and handling of SQLite databases, tables and columns. Under the covers, it uses the SQLite Magi ORM library, which delegates low-level database calls through Christian Werner's SQLite Java Wrapper.
This allows Object Oriented Java programs to make use of the SQLite database using easy access routines, such as Table.create(), Table.drop(), Table.insert(), Table.select(), Table.update(), Table.delete() and Table.find().
Domain specific Java objects needed for your project are first defined in an "XML schema" definition, and the Shogia code generator then creates the domain objects. These domain objects use inheritance, such that each domain table object extends the Table ORM class, and has access to all underlying functionality.
This program is released as Open Source, under the terms and conditions of the GNU-LGPL (Lesser General Public License), and as such you are free to copy, distribute, modify, include and/or use in your own projects, whether commercial or not.
Free download from Shareware Connection - Shogia is a SQLite Database Java Object Code Generator.
Email Chess - Email Chess allows two players to play chess via standard email.
JLauncher - Automatically launches Java Applications from a Windows Executable.
Magi Network Library - Magi Systems Network Library for Java, with Secure Socket Layer support.
MSSQL to MS Access Database Converter Tool - MSSQL to MS Access Database Converter quickly convert MSSQL database into MS Access database. MSSQL to MS

########
Rank: 7
Score: 91.621185
Retrieved Text: This is the third blog post of the series in which I am going to show you how to explore sqlite database stored in windows phone app.
Download the IsoStoreSpy tool and SQLite Studio.
You can refer to the following blog post for downloading and setting up IsoStoreSpy tool.
Now using isostorespy tool you can easily export it on your pc from local storage.
Pressing the following button as highlighted in the figure you can download the sqlite database from the windows phone local storage.
Open the downloaded database file using SQLite studio.
You can browse the contents of your database easily.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 91.19119
Retrieved Text: This topic describes how write Java code of connection to SQLite Database in Netbeans.
This entry was posted in Databases, JAVA, Sqlite and tagged connection, java, jdbc, netbeans, sqlite on July 28, 2016 by Dora.
This topic describes how add connection to SQLite database in Netbeans.
This entry was posted in Databases, JAVA, Sqlite and tagged Add connection in Netbeans to SQLite database, connection SQLite to Netbeans, netbeans on July 25, 2016 by Dora.
In this topic I describe how add SQLite JDBC driver to Netbeans.
This entry was posted in Databases, JAVA, Sqlite on July 25, 2016 by Dora.
SQLite delivers mechanism to import data from another source. One of this source is CSV file.
This entry was posted in Databases, Sqlite and tagged import data to sqlite, import into sqlite from csv, sqlite on July 25, 2016 by Dora.
How create primary key with autoincrement column in SQLite ? I describe it step by step in this topic.
This entry was posted in Databases, Sqlite and tagged autoincrement, autoincrement sqlite, primary key, primary key sqlite on July 24, 2016 by Dora.
How install and create database in SQLIite?
Installation begin from download zip file. So go to website: https://www.sqlite.org/ and click Download in menu.
This entry was posted in Databases, Sqlite and tagged create databse in sqlite, install sqlite, sqlite on July 23, 2016 by Dora.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 90.83309
Retrieved Text: Here is how Full Convert Enterprise converts SIARD database to SQLite.
We will choose SQLite from the list of available source database engines. SQL Azure is a cloud version of SQL Server.
You will need to use your server URL in the Server field, and the rest is standard (username, password, database name).
This small tutorial shows how easy it is to convert SIARD to SQLite using Full Convert Enterprise.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 90.440605
Retrieved Text: SQLITE File Extension - What is an .sqlite file and how do I open it?
What is an SQLITE file?
Database created with SQLite, a self-contained, embedded database management system (DBMS); stores data in tables, which may each contain multiple fields and data types; can be accessed via SQL commands using any system that supports SQLite.
The SQLite library is freely available and is supported by multiple programs and programming languages. SQLITE files are recognized by Autodesk infrastructure and geospatial products.
Our goal is to help you understand what a file with a *.sqlite suffix is and how to open it.
The SQLite Database file type, file format description, and Mac, Windows, Linux, and iOS programs listed on this page have been individually researched and verified by the FileInfo team. We strive for 100% accuracy and only publish information about file formats that we have tested and validated.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 90.21975
Retrieved Text: This book starts with the architecture of SQLite database and introduces you to concepts in SQL. You will find yourself equipped to design your own database system, administer it, and maintain it. Further, you will learn how to operate your SQLite databases smoothly using SQL commands.
You will be able to extend the functionality of SQLite by using its vast arsenal of C API calls to build some interesting, exciting, new, and intelligent data-driven applications. Understand how Xcode, HTML5, and Phonegap can be used to build a cross-platform modern app which can benefit from all these technologies - all through creating a complete, customizable application skeleton that you can build on for your own apps. This book provides a comprehensive description of SQLite database system. It describes design principles, engineering trade-offs, implementation issues, and operations of SQLite.
This book provides a comprehensive description of SQLite database system. It describes design principles, engineering trade-offs, implementation issues, and operations of SQLite.
SQLite for Mobile Apps Simplified is devoted to presenting approach and implementation methodology for using SQLite database in mobile apps. It presents step-by-step examples to create schema, execute transactions and access data from Android, BlackBerry and iOS applications. In addition, it presents ADB Shell and SQLite command-line shell from ADB Shell to access the SQLite Database created by the Android apps. For BlackBerry and iOS application, the book presents ways to access the data using the command line shell.
Outside of the world of enterprise computing, there is one database that enables a huge range of software and hardware to flex

########
Rank: 12
Score: 88.979744
Retrieved Text: Sqlite Viewer performs quick scan before loading items to the interface. The scanning option helps to recover corrupt database files. Hence, a user can provide both corrupt as well as healthy file to the software.
Sqlite viewer tool faciliate to preview various properties like structure, tables, byte code etc. moreover other multimedia components like image, video inside the BLOB data for through investigation of the database.
The Sqlite file viewer tool uses color scheme to categories the data type (Active data, Secured deleted data, Deleted data) and the unallocated space of Sqlite database file can also be shorted through different color scheme.
Sqlite viewer software permits users to scan and recover several file types of Sqlite database. It extends support to various file types like .db, .db3, .sqlite, .sqlite3, .fossil etc which belongs to different platforms.
There is no limitation imposed on the maximum size of a file by Sqlite database Viewer. The tool can open files of any size and is tested successfully with database files having size in Gigabytes and Terabytes.
When the tool scans database files, it provides a live database scan status. The status report contains the database name, number of items scanned in each component along with the total percentage of database scan.
On scanning, recovering and loading database files, Sqlite Viewer allows users to view entire components of the file in the preview panel of the tool. You can successfully view tables, triggers, indexes and columns.
Once the data gets collected successfully, the Sqlite Viewer tool provides three different (CSV, PDF, or HTML) export options to save

########
Rank: 13
Score: 88.892586
Retrieved Text: SQLite is a small, fast, and embeddable open source file system-based SQL database. It doesn't have a separate server component like traditional databases. Rather, it reads and writes data directly in disk files. A SQLite database is integrated with the application that accesses the database. The SQLite database file format is cross-platform and can be copied between 32-bit and 64-bit file systems. Due to the serverless architecture, developers don't need to install SQLite before using it. All SQLite transactions are fully ACID compliant; that means all queries and changes are Atomic, Consistent, Isolated, and Durable. The SQLite source code is public and is free for use for any purpose, commercial or private.
Due to its lightweight structure, SQLite is heavily used in embedded software with devices such as TV, mobile phones, cameras, home electronic devices, and so forth. Most mobile and small device databases doesn't need a server component; SQLite is recommended for mobile-based applications. Reading and writing operations in SQLite database are extremely fast, almost 35% faster than any traditional databases. SQLite reduces application cost because content can be accessed and updated by using concise SQL queries instead of lengthy procedural queries. To connect SQLite, no additional database drivers, or ODBC configuration are required. Developers just have to download the library and add the data file in their application.
Let's create a project in Visual Studio to demonstrate SQLite's capabilities. Open Visual Studio, select new project, and, in Visual C#, select "Console Application" and provide the name as SQLiteDemo. Click OK.
To connect SQLite with C#, we need

########
Rank: 14
Score: 88.8769
Retrieved Text: Appnimi SQLite Instant Password Unlocker is designed to unlock a password protected sqlite database file instantly.Features of Sqite Instant Password Unlocker : * It is free * Easy to use *Support Vista and Win 7 & above Systems * Unlocks the sqlite database files and remove the password.
Appnimi SQLite Instant Password Unlocker is designed to unlock a password protected sqlite database file instantly.Features of Sqite instant Password Unlocker: * It is free * Easy to use* Support Vista and Win 7 & above Systems * Unlocks the sqlite database files and removethe password. Using Appnimi SQLite Instant Password Unlocker : * Download the setup zip file by clicking on the download link *Extract the zip file * Select the default settings while installing Run 'Appnimi SQLite Instant Password Unocker' using one of the shortcuts on desktop or in the startup menu * Enter or select the path of the file which is to be password protected * Enter the password, Click on unlock You will get a confirmation after the sqlite database file password is removed.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 88.15491
Retrieved Text: Please contact us with the contact form to report difficulties, strange behaviors or persistent problems, and quote the program name or the number 16232 .
This is the download page for SQLite Analyzer - Are you not thrilled about how difficult it is to process SQLite databases? Don't you just wish there were a graphic user interface utility that could handle all SQLite database management issues quickly and easily? If the answer to either of these questions is "Yes", then you should download a free trial version of SQLite Analyzer. This tool is a comprehensive SQLite database processor that allows editing or modifying SQLite tables visually without any risk of losing data. Plus, there are no table size restrictions! Add tree-like database structure display, easy database navigation, syntax highlighting, instant script generation and you will understand why SQLite professionals are switching to SQLite Analyzer in droves. In addition, SQLite Analyzer is capable of connecting to multiple databases simultaneously and displaying multiple record sets. The program also manages triggers and indexes. Importantly, the program is fully customizable. You can choose font and color properties for the sql editor and the result grid, save and load SQL scripts to/from files, view query result in the grid or in the text.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 88.134575
Retrieved Text: W. Jason Gilmore is founder of a W.J. Gilmore, LLC, a publishing and consulting firm based out of Columbus, Ohio. Jason is cofounder of CodeMash, a nonprofit organization tasked with hosting an annual namesake developer's conference, and was a member of the 2008 MySQL Conference speaker selection board. He is the author of several books and has over 100 articles to his credit within prominent publications such as Developer.com, Linux Magazine, and TechTarget.
Editor’s Note: This is a guest tutorial from W. Jason Gilmore, a PHP developer and bestselling author with more than ten years of professional experience. He’s the author of the popular new book, “Easy PHP Websites with the Zend Framework”, which includes access to almost five hours of online video, a periodically updated e-book, and access to a reader-restricted online forum. You can buy the book through both Amazon.com and EasyPHPWebsites.com.
Perhaps because the Web still in some ways resembles the Wild West in terms of its anything-goes, feast-or-famine environment, we Web developers tend to view even our most modest projects with visions (some would say delusions) of grandeur. After all, who among us hasn’t fantasized over our new e-commerce store generating enormous revenues? Or took a moment to calculate the cost of hosting our new blog on a dedicated server because surely there are millions of visitors who will share our passion for the crocheted pot holder industry? Such ambitions tend to skew our ability to evaluate a project’s technology requirements, resulting not only in significantly increased monetary outlays, but also in increased time

########
Rank: 17
Score: 88.03916
Retrieved Text: SQLite is an open source, zero-configuration, self-contained, stand-alone, transaction relational database engine designed to be embedded in an application.
SQLite is an embedded relational database management system used in the mobile applications. SQLite is different from other SQL databases because unlike most other SQL databases, SQLite does not have a separate server process.
Why We Really Need It?
SQLite is lightweight data so it can be easily and efficiently used in embedded software for devices like television, mobile phones, camera or electronic devices. CRUD Operation is easy and efficient. So, It won’t lag in performance.
When app developer needs store data in the local database, then SQLite is the best solution to achieve it.
A GUI tool which will handle SQLite database and handle operations which SQLite supports. Basically, It ‘ll help you in exploring data inside the database or prepare the pre-filled database for the app.
Perform SQL Query and generate result against it.
Setp1. Download and Install SQLite Browser (http://sqlitebrowser.org/) on your mac.
Step2. You’ll get something like this window and click on ‘Open Database‘. I’m assuming you have a dummy database or, just create a New Database from the window tab.
Step4. You’ll get your Database Schema and Tables Data. As I have the table named ‘student‘ where table’s attributes are listed in DB Schema Section of the window.
Step5. If you want to insert new record then, you move to Browse Data and click on New Record. Click on the fields and insert data against it.
What if, you want to edit the schema (structure) of the table or delete the table. Then,

########
Rank: 18
Score: 87.43982
Retrieved Text: A database is an essential part of building a software system which used to store and read data efficiently. Here, We are going to discuss some architectural details of database implementation by using an early version of SQLite.
SQLite is a small database application which used in millions of software and devices. SQLite invented by D.Richard Hipp in August 2000. SQLite is a high performance, lightweight relational database. If you are willing to learn internal of a database in coding level, then SQLite is the best open source database available out there with highly readable source code with lots of documentation. Reading later versions of SQLite become a little harder since it contains lots of new features. In order to understand the basic implementation of database internals, You should have good knowledge about data structures, some knowledge about Theory of Computing and how an operating system works.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 87.00757
Retrieved Text: I've been using cubeSQLServer now for a few years with Xojo Web apps, mainly because its Admin console is a very convenient manager of backup schedules of my various Xojo Web apps' SQLite files, and it comes free with unlimited connections with ServerWarp. I have a fundamental question about it.
When a SQLite file is hosted by cubeSQLServer, that file is still only going to allow one writer at any moment in time. So what does cubeSQLServer bring to the multiuser environment here that SQLite running in WAL Mode does not do alone?
Until now, each SQLite file of mine has been accessed by a single CGI app, so I guess that really hasn't been a multiuser environment. But I'm now considering having a particular SQLite file (hosted by cubeSQLServer) being written to by two different CGI apps. So this would be a multiuser environment now, that supposedly cubeSQLServer makes okay. I just don't see why SQLite in WAL Mode couldn't do this itself.
Is this just a performance issue that cubeSQLServer solves, in a high concurrency rate situation? That's all that seems to be at issue here: https://www.sqlite.org/whentouse.html .
I don't see how potential corruption can be an issue that cubeSQLServer solves here, as SQLite itself won't allow more than one writer at any moment in time.
@Ralph A Part of what sparked my initial question is that I frequently hear people saying that SQLite shouldn't be used in a multiuser environment because it can corrupt the database. I just don't see how that happens if it serializes writers. If

########
Rank: 20
Score: 86.9979
Retrieved Text: This utility allows you to convert between several database formats and generates data modules for Delphi and Lazarus. It is able to add referential integrity support to databases that do not support it, for example, for in-memory data-sets, in the middle-ware data module.
Pack/Backup Paradox database in a single file.
Unpack/Restore Paradox database from a single file.
Convert Access to Paradox database.
Convert Access database to Delphi/Lazarus Data Module. You can control the way the indexes, fields and referential integrity rules are generated in the data module.
Convert Access database to SQL. You can control the Format of the SQL File, which can be MySQL or SQLite.
1.02	- Added an example that shows how to convert a mdb file to a sqlite-compatible sql file and a dfm module, and its usage with the Zeos Database Components (Version 7.0.0, SVN revision 1127/trunk, http://zeos.firmos.at/). Such example has been tested in Lazarus (Version 0.9.31 SVN revision 36481/trunk) and Delphi 2010.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 86.93526
Retrieved Text: Room persistence library introduced at Google I/O 2017 provides an abstraction layer over the SQLite database which in turn provides enhanced security, easy access, easy to setup and quick to get started with new database. All the DML (Data Manipulation Language) commands are now annotated except SELECT command which works with @Query.
Room is part of Android Architecture components, but it is a database library so we split the description into different points. It’s an abstract layer over SQLite that significantly simplifies query building. Its possibilities are amazing and oriented towards the observer pattern. Now, it’s easier to write a query using annotations.
Room is not a database it just provide an abstraction layer over the existing SQLite database which is available since from Android 1.0 but the new features that it provide is the way to store,retrieve and modify data to the database. It also offers compile time check for the table name, column name and live monitoring for database changes using LiveData.
Room also integrates with RxJava and the new Live Data.
In case of SQLite, There is no compile time verification of raw SQLite queries. But in Room there is SQL validation at compile time.
As your schema changes, you need to update the affected SQL queries manually. Room solves this problem.
You need to use lots of boilerplate code to convert between SQL queries and Java data objects. But, Room maps our database objects to Java Object without boilerplate code.
Room is built to work with LiveData and RxJava for data observation, while SQLite does not.
There are umpteen number

########
Rank: 22
Score: 86.74624
Retrieved Text: The Archive of Massachusetts ENvironmental Data includes data from a variety of governmental and other public sources, unified in a freely distributed database. The tables from this database are also provided individually as csv files at the links below.
Download the AMEND SQLite unified database. SQLite databases are a simple and efficient format for distributing queryable datasets. You can read more about sqlitehere and read about how to interact with SQLite databases in the R and python languages here. Each analysis on this site draws directly from this database, so the open source scripts underlying those analyses can also serve as tutorials for using the database.
Test a live demo of the AMEND database in your browser. You can execute sample queries and generate results from the database on this page, without the need for any special software.
Each individual constituent dataset in the AMEND database is listed below. Each dataset page describes the source of the data, uses visualizations or tables to illustrate its content, and provides a download of a csv-formatted version of the dataset.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 86.684135
Retrieved Text: This sample demonstrates how to use FireDAC to work with SQLite databases.
Custom SQLite functions using TFDSQLiteFunction.
Management of SQLite database such as: encrypting and validating a database or creating database backup.
Click on the Connection combo box and select <Open database…>. Open the following database: C:\Users\Public\Documents\Embarcadero\Studio\17.0\Samples\data\FDDemo.sdb.
The event occurs when fetching records from the database. It returns the calculated value.
All this Management of databases is done using the following components: TFDSQLiteBackup, TFDSQLiteSecurity, TFDSQLiteValidate, TFDSQLiteCollation and TFDSQLiteFunction.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 86.630844
Retrieved Text: Public Mailing List. Help and advice via email from a world-wide community of experts.
Annual Maintenance Subscription. Private, expert email advice from the developers of SQLite.
Technical Support. High-priority email and phone support directly from the SQLite developers. Guaranteed response time available as an option.
SQLite Consortium Membership. Premium enterprise support including on-site visits and access to all proprietary extensions and test suites.
SQLite License. Warranty of title and perpetual right-to-use for the SQLite source code.
SQLite Encryption Extension (SEE). A drop-in replacement for public-domain SQLite source code that has the added ability to read/write AES-encrypted databases.
Compressed And Encrypted Read-Only Database (CEROD). A drop-in replacement for public-domain SQLite source code that has the added ability to read database that has been both compressed and encrypted.
The ZIPVFS Read/Write Compressed Database Extension. The ZIPVFS extension automatically compresses and encrypts your data as it is written to disk, and decompressed and decrypts it while reading.
TH3 Testing Support. The TH3 test harness is an aviation-grade test suite for SQLite. SQLite developers can run TH3 on specialized hardware and/or using specialized compile-time options, according to customer specification, either remotely or on customer premises. Pricing for this services is on a case-by-case basis depending on requirements.
SQLite is free and works great. Most people use SQLite without any kind of license or support.
Free support for SQLite is available on the public SQLite mailing list: sqlite-users@mailinglists.sqlite.org. The mailing list is monitored by a large community of experts, including the core SQLite development team, who are able to resolve just about any problems with SQLite that you are likely to

########
Rank: 25
Score: 86.382904
Retrieved Text: 20/01/2013 · SQLite is an embedded RDBMS, which means that it runs in the process that uses it, not as a client-server system. What you'll need to do is use the SQLite API in …... Sqlite doesn't require any special database server or anything it's a lightweight one and It's just a direct filesystem engine that uses SQL syntax.So you write API for connecting the SQLite DB using HTTP.For creating API you can use eclipse IDE.
15/03/2017 · Android connect to SQLite for the beginners android programmers. android sqlite android insert data android insert data to sqlite android insert data to sqlite database... In this tutorial, we will show you how to browse android emulator SQLite database. You need these tools! Trust me, if you not able to browse data that you have saved you will spend a lot of time and killing your brain cell to debug line by line.
Sqlite doesn't require any special database server or anything it's a lightweight one and It's just a direct filesystem engine that uses SQL syntax.So you write API for connecting the SQLite DB using HTTP.For creating API you can use eclipse IDE.
Here are step-by-step instructions (mostly taken from a combination of the other answers). This works even on devices that are not rooted. Connect your device and launch the application in debug mode.
I have created an SQLite database by using DB Browser for SQLite. I want to connect this database with my android project .. So, where should I put it ? in which folder of my project

########
Rank: 26
Score: 86.30601
Retrieved Text: In our daily development,some times we may need to store data and access it for later use.So as developer choice we need to decide "which way is best to store data?" and this decision making would be change based on amount of data to be store.However windowsphone is very good at this case . Because windowsphone is provided following ways to store our application data.
1)IsolatedStorageSettings:It is very very useful for storing some basic application settings like user profile settings,and especially in login application after login successfully app need to be home screen when user again launch the app.
2)IsolatedStorageFile: It is available from "System.IO.IsolatedStorage" namespace to access files.And i am really addicted with this uses ,because it is very handy and simple way to store data.It is enough for most of applications.And no limit to data store but of course you'll get an exception if you run out of space when writing new data, so you have to handle that properly.
3)SQLite:It is very useful to store data in database with structured way, Mmm this concept is covered by this post.And this article covers windowsphone 8 sqlite database.So if you want to implement database application for windowsphone 7,you may helped from this link Sqlite client for Windows Phone 7 and for sample see this post.
To run this sample ,you must install windowsphone 8 sdk or higher sdk from here.
Unfortunately SQLite is directly not available in windowsphone devices.And in previously it included lot of hard steps to setup sqlite in windowsphone application.But now we are very happy ,because of

########
Rank: 27
Score: 85.829094
Retrieved Text: When most of us think of PHP, we think of developing for the web. In most cases we will be using a LAMP-based server setup, with our favorite web scripting language contributing the P. In most cases, the M is filled in with MySQL, although PHP does include support for several other database systems. Is a full-blown database server even necessary for most PHP applications? What about a data-driven website like a blog or a simple family photo album or message board? In these and may other cases, the small, simple, and extremely powerful SQLite may be all you need. Let’s take SQLite out for a test drive and see how it performs, find some of the quirks you might run in to, and how to get the most use out of it.
SQLite has been a PHP staple since version 5, and is available as a PECL extension for PHP 4. There is also SQLite support in PDO; in fact, the PDO SQLite extension is the only way you can get support for SQLite 3. There are already some good articles covering the SQLite 2 extension, so we are going to focus exclusively on PDO. This will also allow us to take advantage of SQLite 3’s new features.
Warning: SQLite 3 uses a new (and incompatible) file format to store its databases. You can read SQLite 2 databases with SQLite 3, but the file will be converted to the SQLite 3 format. Once this is done you can’t undo it. You have been warned!
PDO is standard in

########
Rank: 28
Score: 85.618355
Retrieved Text: are there pros or contras, keeping a connection to a (sqlite)	database ?
Previous message (by thread): are there pros or contras, keeping a connection to a (sqlite)	database ?
Next message (by thread): are there pros or contras, keeping a connection to a (sqlite)	database ?
> >> Now I wonder if there are pros or contras to keep the connection to the database continuously  "open" ?
> > that has multiple names in different namespaces within the app?
> Do you talk about a multithreaded environment?
> and multiple objects each keeping their own connection.
database, though it will already have an  open connection.
Why?  How would this matter?
> No idea about the library used b python.
> connect, perform transactions, commit and close.
> keep connections open in order to increse performance.
problematic for my app.  But I have nothing to compare it to.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 85.56734
Retrieved Text: In the previous tutorial, you have learned about Android Application Resources. In this tutorial, you will learn about SQLite database in Android.
SQL stands for Structured Query Language. SQL is the language designed to manage relational databases. You can use SQL to Select, Insert, Update and Delete operations in the database.
SQLite is a software library for Android, which is used to connect your Android application with database. SQLite implements transactional SQL database. SQLite is a serverless library which is self-contained and the most important this is that it is serverless. It requires very minimal support with the external environment. Using SQLite, you can directly read and write the data from the database on disk. You don’t need to install anything to use SQLite database before using it. The SQLite database is efficient enough to roll back if something goes wrong during the transaction.
There are no specific requirements or prerequisites for Android devices to use Android applications with the database. Also, there are no specific requirements for Android Studio to build and compile Applications with the database.
In SQLite, you have following datatypes.
All the other data types must be converted into the data types mentioned above types. SQLite does not validate the data types you specify i.e. If you put Integer in Text column SQLite will not validate the data type.
Android provides full support for SQLite. Any database you create will be accessible by name in any class of the application, but you can’t access the database outside the application. In Android project only thing you need to import

================



======= Instance Index 5148 =========
Input Text: If a description of a situation begins like this: [header] How to buy collard greens [title] Identify collard greens. [step] In order to buy collard greens, you need to know what you are looking for. Collard greens are large in size, usually at least 10 to 12 inches long, with oval, flat leaves.... Then how
does it continue? 

Ending 1: The leaves are usually olive, with equal parts dark brown and light brown. Collard greens are also known as poofy greens, such as yellow collard.

Ending 2: Each individual plant has their distinctive characteristics, and you must choose the varieties that appear most similar to each other in order to buy. [title] Select collard greens that have turned out well.

Ending 3: In comparison to kale, the leaves are usually wider and the stems are thicker. [substeps] If you are unsure about which greens in your store are collard greens, look for signage to indicate or markings on the ties that keep bunches of collards together.

Ending 4: They produce a large amount of manure and waste that can be deadly to animals. For this reason, you don't want to choose collard greens that have a large majority of manure and waste, such as corn and chicken manure.

Target Text: Ending 3

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 104.15707
Retrieved Text: The term "garden greens" is very broad and it includes most leafy green vegetables such as kale, collard greens, turnip greens, spinach and mustard greens. Garden greens are generally picked in the spring and fall. Harvesting is done by picking individual leaves or by cutting off the entire head of the plant. Leaves are picked throughout the season while the plant is still young and producing... 4 How to Clean & Cook Mustard Greens A steaming pot of mixed greens provides a flavorful side dish with a nutritional punch. Kale, collards and turnip and mustard greens are just a few of the sturdy greens that work well in cooked dishes.
Once, greens have cooled, drain the greens well. Pack into a freezer safe ziplock bag and freeze until ready to use. When ready to cook, thaw at room temperature, and cook as usual.
19/10/2016 · Identify collard greens. In order to buy collard greens, you need to know what you are looking for. Collard greens are large in size, usually at least 10 to 12 inches long, with oval, flat leaves. In comparison to kale, the leaves are usually wider and the stems are thicker.
Collard greens are a member of the cabbage family. Unlike other cabbage family relatives, such as kale, collards can handle a bit of heat, making them a preferred crop for gardeners in warmer areas.
After greens are clean, stack several leaves on top of each other. Using a cutting board and knife, roll the leaves together and cut leaves into 1 inch thick strips. Using

########
Rank: 1
Score: 92.53199
Retrieved Text: In this post I am sharing how to make Southern Style Collard Greens.
Collard greens are a favorite winter crop in the South and a new year dinner tradition to bring luck in the coming year.
I can’t recall a first dinner in the new year that didn’t involve freshly cooked collard greens, black eyed peas, pork of some sort and a fresh cake of cornbread. Hoppin’ John is another traditional recipe for a Southern new year’s day meal.
The art of preparing the collard greens is a ritual in itself. The washing in a cold tub of water to remove the dirt and sand, slow stewing the greens for the ultimate savory meal.
1 large Ham Hock or Country Ham Cooking Pieces. You can also use a smoked turkey leg if you have one frozen from your Christmas dinner.
How Do You Cook Fresh Collard Greens?
Wash collards, remove leaves and chop.
In a large pot heat the bacon grease and butter until melted.
Add the ham hock or seasoning meat of your choice.
Add collards, chicken stock, apple cider vinegar and water. Add the seasonings. Cook for 2 hours or until desired tenderness.
Serve collard greens hot and with a few dashes of Tobasco.
Southern Style Collard Greens are a savory soul food meal and a new year's day tradition throughout the South.
Fill a large sink basin or tub with clean cool water. Soak the leaves of the collard greens being sure not to over crowd. Clean in batches.
Remove the leaves from the thick stalks then roll the leaves and slice into strips.
In a large

########
Rank: 2
Score: 90.828575
Retrieved Text: Southern soul collard greens with sauteed with onions, garlic, pimento and bell peppers with scallion, cilantro and off course LIQUID SMOKE for the best in soul food and Caribbean cuisine.
Caribbean meets the American South!
OH! Lala ! southern style collard greens!!! Wish I had this growing up on the island of Trinidad and Tobago, our Greens on the island was a dish called Callaloo which was made from the taro leaves with okra and other spices. So delicious!
Who need the main course, when you have these delicious bad girls right here, I can just eat these collard greens all by itself, I love it so much.
The liquid smoke in these collard greens were the bomb, great smoke flavor, but without the meat, these greens are awesome, my non meat eating family were actually licking their fingers!
4 bunches of fresh collard greens or 4 lbs.
Remove the collard green leaf from the stem.
Add water and red pepper flakes,.
Add in the collard greens, pushing them down as needed. When greens begin to wilt down, cover and simmer for up to 35 minutes.
Add cilantro, apple cider, salt, sugar and black pepper, combine with the collards and continue on a low simmer for another 35 - 45 minutes or until the collards are nice and tender, stirring occasionally.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 90.665924
Retrieved Text: Instructions. Wash and dry collard leaves and then use a paring knife to shave down the stems. This will make them much easier to fold. Place collard leaves on a flat surface, spread 1/4 cup of hummus near the top/middle of each leaf, fill each leaf with the remaining veggies, splitting each amount between the two wraps.... Instructions. De-stem and chop the collard greens. An easy way to de-stem collard greens is by folding them in half lengthwise along the stem with the darker green side down and then pull up the stem until it comes off and you�re left mostly with leaf.
How to Use A Raw Pate For Collard Wraps To make a collard wrap all you need are a few large collard leaves. Collards are great because they are dark leafy greens with tons of nutrients and fiber.... I�m big on the filling when it comes to sandwiches and wraps, so using collard greens just means I can stuff more in there. but instead of cutting out the stem, I usually �shave� it down with a paring knife so it�s thin enough to roll without breaking, but you still have a whole leaf ??
There may not be a perfect gluten-free tortilla, but whether you care about gluten-free or not, using blanched collard leaves in place of tortillas (or bread) i how to write a business appendix Try using raw or lightly steamed collard greens as a wrap instead of a flour tortilla! It�s a great way of incorporating more nutrition in your favourite everyday

########
Rank: 4
Score: 90.5778
Retrieved Text: A fresh 60-degree breeze blowing through my open living room windows always puts me in mind of the warmer temps coming to the eastern United States – and I can’t wait! I live in an apartment with no real space to grow much but I’m determined to attempt to pot-grow one of my favorite edible greens: collards.
I guess I should probably mention that my only experience with collard greens is eating them. If you’ve never had them, you are missing a delicious addition to your nutritional arsenal – and a versatile one as well.
Collards, a member of the cruciferous family that includes cabbage, broccoli and bok choy, are chocked full of vitamins C, K and headline the list of healthy superfoods. The visual beauty of the collard is etched in the lighter green of the veins patterned across the dark green color of the large distinctively-formed leaf. The almost perfect rounded shape of one leaf always reminds me of how all of the limbs of an African tree reach up and stop at the same length to round out the top of the tree. You can find collard greens in any grocery store or market throughout the year. Here in Baltimore, Maryland, I like to get my collard greens from Lexington Market during the warmer months when the greens are the freshest and display the deepest green color.
Historically, collard greens have graced the tables of the Greeks and Romans but I relate most intimately with the deep southern tradition of collard greens dating back to slavery

########
Rank: 5
Score: 90.011406
Retrieved Text: Chef Connie's Top 5 COLLARD GREENS Recipes! - Chef Connie's Top 5 Recipes for Every Day Staple Dishes!
Home / Uncategorized / Chef Connie’s Top 5 COLLARD GREENS Recipes!
Comments : 240 Posted in : Uncategorized on September 13, 2015 by : Chef Connie Tags: chef connie, chef connies top 5, chef connies top 5 recipes, collard greens, collards, connie, connie willis, Family Style Creamed Collards, greens, otally 1000% Southern Collards, recipes, Rockin' Collard Greens, Stir-Fried Collards For The Heart, top 5, Vegetarians Slow Cooked Rockin' Collard Greens!
1. ~ Rockin’ Collard Greens!!
2. ~ Totally 1000% Southern Collards!!
3. ~ Family Style Creamed Collards!!
4. ~ Vegetarians Slow Cooked Rockin’ Collard Greens!!
5. ~ Stir-Fried Collards For The Heart!!
240 thoughts on : Chef Connie’s Top 5 COLLARD GREENS Recipes!
« Chef Connie’s Top 5 APPLE Recipes!

########
Rank: 6
Score: 89.90953
Retrieved Text: In a 2011 study by the Economic Research Service at the U.S. Department of Agriculture, collard greens turned out to be cheaper than many of their fellow cruciferous vegetables in terms of average U.S. price per edible cup (chopped and cooked). Cauliflower florets, turnip greens, mustard greens, broccoli florets, and kale showed up as being more expensive than collard greens after being trimmed to their edible portion and cooked. Among the cruciferous vegetables, only cabbage turned out to be less expensive than collard greens on a per cup basis (chopped and cooked). The affordable nature of collard greens is great news in terms of nutrition, since this cruciferous vegetable achieves 6 rankings of excellent, 4 rankings of very good, and 11 rankings of good in our WHFoods rating system!
In a study on indigenous vegetable intake in the southeastern United States, collard greens were determined to provide the 4th greatest amount of antioxidant capacity related to overall dietary intake among 12 nutrient-rich foods in the study. In these research findings, collard greens ranked 4th behind sweet potato greens, mustard greens, and kale. Alongside of the four nutrient-rich greens listed above, this regional study also examined the antioxidant contributions of purple hull peas, rutabagas, eggplant, purslane, butter beans, butter peas, and green onions.
Intake of collard greens has long been known to have the capacity to lower blood cholesterol levels, including blood levels of LDL cholesterol. But a recent study on cruciferous vegetables has taken our understanding of collards and cholesterol to a new level. In this study, researchers

########
Rank: 7
Score: 89.2521
Retrieved Text: Collard greens are rich in vitamins, minerals, and other nutrients: They may not be as popular as kale or spinach, but collard greens are also highly nutritious. These greens contain high amounts of vitamins A, C, and K, folate, manganese, and calcium. They are also a good source of fiber and protein, vitamins B1, B2, B3, B5, B6, and E, betaine, choline, copper, iron, magnesium, phosphorus, potassium, selenium, and zinc.
Collard greens may protect against cancer: They contain anti-inflammatory, antioxidant, and detoxification properties that could help treat and protect against cancer. They are rich in sulfur-containing compounds like glucosinolates that are mainly responsible for their cancer-fighting potential. Animal studies have shown that these compounds are effective against different forms of cancer, including bladder, breast, colon, esophageal, liver, lung, melanoma, pancreatic, and prostate cancers. Collard greens are also rich in chlorophyll that help block the cancer-causing effects of heterocyclic amines that are released when grilling foods at high temperatures.
Collard greens detoxify the body: Collard greens help remove toxins from the body because of their isothiocyanate and glutathione content. Regularly eating these cruciferous vegetables can help the body get rid of toxins that come from pharmaceutical drugs, pesticides, pollutants, and processed foods.
Collard greens strengthen the bones: Since these greens are rich in vitamin K, they can help keep the bones healthy. Vitamin K serves as a modifier of bone matrix proteins and enhances calcium absorption. Studies have also shown that this vitamin increases bone mineral density and reduces fracture rates in people with osteoporosis.
Collard greens are good for your

########
Rank: 8
Score: 88.1264
Retrieved Text: Collard greens are green leafy vegetables of various cultivars belonging to the Brassica oleracea species, the cruciferous vegetables to which cabbage, kale, spinach etc belong but it belongs to the Acephala group which is a variety whose leaves do not form a closed head at the top but instead the leaves grow around a central stem in an upright fashion.
The leaves are dark green, large and smooth and taste slightly bitter, They are available round the year but the colder weather around the months of November to April make for more nutritious and slightly sweeter taste leaves. Leaves are best picked before they are fully mature.
Collard is supposed to have originated in Asia Minor and grown in ancient Greece and Rome. It is a staple vegetable in Southern United States.
Collard greens keep well for about 3 days in a refrigerator.
Collard greens are extremely low in calories (about 30 calories/100 grams) and devoid of cholesterol.
They are high in soluble and insoluble dietary fiber.
Rich in phytonutrients like sulforaphane and di indolyl methane (DIM). Both these fight many types of cancers. DIM additionally, enhances immunity and is anti bacterial and anti viral in action.
The leaves are extremely high in Vitamin K (about 426% of the daily requirement per 100 grams) and Vitamin A ( about 220% of the daily requirement per 100 gms).
Flavonoids like lutein, carotenes zeaxanthin, cryptoxanthin act as antioxidants.
Rich in Vitamin C, folates and members of the Bcomplex group like, Vit B2, B3, B5 and B6.
The 3 main benefits of collard greens are, the detox benefits, the

########
Rank: 9
Score: 86.904526
Retrieved Text: Every time I cook a recipe from Bon Appetit, I am consistently impressed with how good it is, and this one is no exception! What a great trio of flavours this dish had. At it’s base there was rich, flaky salmon with a beautiful pan-seared crust, on a bed of hearty collard greens, finished off with a side of cool, refreshing Radish Raita. Having never actually eaten collard greens, and having seen them recently at the local Sobey’s, my interest was peaked when I came across this recipe in Bon Appetit’s March issue.
Flaky salmon, hearty collard greens, paired with a side of cool radish raita.
Shred turnip and cucumber, squeezing out excess moisture, and mix with greek yogurt, lemon juice, mint and cayenne. Salt & pepper to taste and refrigerate.
Add olive oil to large pan on medium heat, add garlic, cooking for about a minute. Add collard greens, reduce heat to low, tossing occasionally and cooking until tender (10-15 minutes).
While collard greens are cooking, add 1 tablespoon olive oil to a pan on medium-high heat.
Salt & pepper salmon, place in pan, cover with lid, cooking for about 5 minutes per side.
Before removing collard greens, add sherry vinegar, radishes, and salt and pepper to taste, continue cooking for about a minute.
Place collard greens on plate, top with salmon, and place radish raita on the side.
Even though this recipe had several parts, it was simple to make, definitely staying true to Bon Appetit’s “Fast, Easy, Fresh” theme in their March issue. Given that I prefer quick and simple recipes,

########
Rank: 10
Score: 86.81473
Retrieved Text: Ditch the Tortillas and start using Collard Wraps for a tasty Paleo option! Alex killed it with this wrap and has some awesome tips to making this work!
Cut large end off the stem and then shave the top of the remaining stem.
Place Collard greens one at a time into boiling water for 30 seconds.
Plunge the hot collard into a bowl of ice water or place under running cool sink water to stop the cooking process. Then, set on top of paper towels to soak up the water.
Repeat steps 1-3 so that you have 2 “blanched” collard greens, this will make 1 wrap. Lay the two collard greens so that they overlap by about 1 inch.
In the center of the collard greens, fill with desired filling(s).
Fold in sides and roll gently, yet tightly, like a burrito. If you want it more flat and wide (instead of burrito style) fill more in the center and wider, but not as much lengthwise.) They stay together best burrito style!
Cut in half and secure with toothpicks if not eating immediately.
Now kick back and enjoy!

########
Rank: 11
Score: 86.06369
Retrieved Text: Crockpot Sausage, Beans, and Greens is a healthy and delicious dish I’ve made over and over! This tasty recipe is low-glycemic, gluten-free and South Beach Diet friendly. It also freezes well, so don’t be afraid to double the recipe if you have a large slow cooker. Use the Diet-Type Index to find more recipes like this one.
Click here to PIN Crockpot Sausage, Beans, and Greens!
Sometimes I forget about crockpot recipes when it’s summer, but actually slow cookers are a wonderful way to cook when you don’t want to heat up your house. This week I had lots of collard greens in my garden, so I used the slow cooker to make this Crockpot Recipe for Sausage, Beans, and Greens. My neighbor Michelle loves this recipe, and she tells me you can also cook it on the stove if you’re in a hurry or don’t have a crockpot.
I used pinto beans, but you could make this with any type of dried beans and kale or swiss chard could replace the collards if that’s what you have. Crockpot dishes tend to be not too photogenic, but luckily I had some leftovers to try more than once on the photos, and trust me when I say this picture is a big improvement on the previous one!
Soak dried beans overnight, then drain, add fresh water, garlic powder, and onion powder, and simmer on low heat until beans are soft. (Cooking time will depend on how fresh the beans are, but probably 30-45 minutes for most beans.) You can use canned

########
Rank: 12
Score: 85.61689
Retrieved Text: While, traditionally, collard greens were slow cooked with pork, there are endless ways to prepare them.
When selecting collard greens, choose bunches with dark green leaves. Avoid those that are yellowing, wilted or bruised.
Collard greens can be stored inside a plastic bag in the refrigerator for up to 1 week.
Onions, leeks, and garlic spice up the big, beautiful leaves of collards greens in this quick sauté. You can substitute colloard greens with kales or chards too.
Recipe courtesy of FareStart - FareStart prepares fresh, local, and seasonal food in their dedicated kitchen and provides nutritious, quality meals to local childcare centers and schools.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 84.80662
Retrieved Text: Re: Friday or not, whats your dinner?
Today for dinner I had a potato with collard greens, onions, and ground beef, all covered in a blend of port wine and cheddar cheese.
Today for dinner I had potatoes with broccoli, black rice, macaroni, and cheese.
Now I can be a little like Padre Pio, a macaroni eater.
Yesterday for dinner I had potatoes with pasta, collard greens, and onions, all infused with tomato sauce.
Yesterday I had nothing to eat. I offer this fast that the children learn to love Jesus truly present in the Blessed Sacrament.
Today for dinner I had potatoes with pasta, collard greens, and tomato sauce all covered in cheddar cheese.
Today for dinner I had black rice with potatoes, black beans, and collard greens, all infused with an onion cream sauce.
Today for dinner I had three sausage biscuits.
Today for dinner I had potatoes with black rice, and collard greens, all infused with a creamed french onion sauce.
Today for dinner I had potatoes with black rice, collard greens, and melted cheese cheese served over toasted french bread.
Today for dinner I had black rice with broccoli, onions, and fish.
Today for dinner I had black rice with mashed potatoes and corn covered in cream of onion.
Today for dinner I had three tacos.
Today for dinner I had some fried bread and three empanadas.
Today for dinner I had two prosciuto pesto sandwiches.
Page created in 0.126 seconds with 34 queries.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 84.313866
Retrieved Text: Collard greens are a cool-weather cole crop.
The collards (Brassica oleracea) are sprouting in your garden when you notice brown or white moths fluttering about the seedlings. Those cute little moths are the parents of the cabbage looper (Trichoplusia ni) and imported cabbageworm (Pieris rapae). If unchecked, the caterpillars eat your collards faster than you can harvest the leaves. Instead of pesticides, you can use a barrier method; if that fails, natural bacteria can help keep the worms from eating your crop of greens.
Place floating row covers - long sheets of lightweight materials that "float" above the crops -- over the developing plants to prevent the cabbage looper and imported cabbageworm moths from laying their eggs on the leaves. Although you covered your plants, you may find that a few moths managed to lay eggs and their caterpillars, also known as worms, are eating your collard greens. The University of California Statewide Integrated Pest Management Program recommends spraying cole crops like collard greens with Bacillus thuringiensis. This natural bacterium will infect and kill the worms in two to three days. Simply mix 2 to 4 teaspoons of the Bt concentrate with 1 gallon of water to manage cabbage loopers, or 1 to 3 teaspoons with 1 gallon of water for imported cabbageworms. Spray the tops and bottoms of the leaves thoroughly with the solution. Repeat every two weeks as needed until you harvest the plants.
de, Ruth. "What to Use to Keep Worms Off of Collard Greens." Home Guides | SF Gate, http://homeguides.sfgate.com/use-keep-worms-off-collard-greens-82472.html. Accessed 22 April 2019.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 84.09707
Retrieved Text: Collard Greens, and Everything Southern!
As a Latina transplant in the South I was in for quite a culture shock in terms of food. My husband is Southern born and bred, and our son is following his footsteps…he loves his collard greens!
Before we got married my husband would often say, “A way to a man’s heart is through his stomach.” He even asked me if I knew how to cook! Ha! Sure I do, but I was in for a big surprise, he was referring to southern cooking! Uh oh!
I had a hard time adapting my taste buds to this new form of cooking and eating. However, I did an extensive research on southern cooking, bought cookbooks, and looked for recipes on-line. I learned how to cook southern food. My hubby proudly boasts of how his wife can really cook some soul food! My son and husband truly enjoy eating their collards, BBQ, baked beans and everything southern. I especially love it, when little one asks, “Momma, can I have more collard greens please?” I’m proud of myself too! I actually enjoy southern cuisine, and when eating fried chicken I ask hubby to pass me the hot sauce. Ha!
A BBQ feast over the summer! Hubby barbecued ribs, chicken breast, wings, steaks, and we had a wide array of fresh vegetables some from our garden: tomatoes, zucchini squash, and some from the farmer’s market: watermelon, and corn. We served baked beans, potato salad, and garlic toast.
Collard greens, and cabbage were fresh off the garden, and of course some

########
Rank: 16
Score: 83.567795
Retrieved Text: New Years is rapidly approaching and if you’re southern like I am it’s time to start cooking your hoppin’ john (field peas and rice) and collard greens for good luck and money. I don’t know if I believe that food will actually bring good luck or prosperity, but it’s tradition.
Usually I buy the chopped collard greens in the bag, but I couldn’t find them this time and being in the store at almost midnight I refused to go to another store when I could just pick up the bunch. I know some people just cut the bottom stems off, but it’s easier for me to peel them off like celery then go in and cut out the hard middle stem. Once you have all the leaves you can roll and then chop or rough chop. I chose the rough chop because it was just less work and I was already tired, but I knew that if I left them out in the air too long the leaves would start to turn yellow and I would have had to throw them out.
Collard greens are what I call a labor of love, and I’m glad that I put my labor into it because they turned out great. When my mom says she was impressed and gave me an A+, I know that I actually did something right!
Remove the hard stem from the middle of each leaf, chop, and set aside.
Fill your sink or a large pot with cold water and salt and add the chopped greens in batches

########
Rank: 17
Score: 83.188896
Retrieved Text: Berbere Lentil Bowls with Ginger-Garlic Collard Greens — Loveleaf Co.
For a long time, I shied away from red lentils because I usually dislike soup (I know, it's strange) and I associated red lentils with soupy meals. But these berbere lentil bowls changed my mind in a big way. They're spicy and hearty and pretty much everything I could ask for in a cold-weather bowl. Pair with fragrant ginger-garlic collard greens and some skillet-roasted chicken (or go vegetarian!) for a simple, fragrant weeknight meal.
These are the most common types of lentils - found at all grocery stores. Usually just labeled "lentils," they're light brown and have a flattened shape. Think of them as the all-purpose lentil because they can go two ways: they can hold their shape if they're not cooked too long (good for salads!) but can also be cooked a bit longer and mashed (think: veggie burgers!). Try brown lentils in the Lentil and Raisin Salad with Curry Vinaigrette from our 7-Day Salad Reset.
Where to buy: All grocery stores - middle aisles usually near the pasta or beans or in bulk bins at well-stocked stores.
Red lentils are usually split (as the ones shown in the photo above). They're a bit sweeter than brown lentils and are often used in Indian and Middle Eastern dishes. They become slightly mushy when cooked - which is perfect for hearty soups and bowls like these berbere lentil bowls (recipe below!).
Where to buy: Some grocery stores - middle aisles usually near the pasta or beans or in the International aisle.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 83.00634
Retrieved Text: Collard Greens Recipe. A southern traditional side dish for family gatherings and holidays. These delicious greens are slowly simmered to bring out its true flavor to make any meal a true homecoming.
Using a knife remove the center stem of the collard greens.
Stack up all the leaves. Starting on one side lengthwise roll the leaves up.
Slice the rolled up leaves into 1 inch pieces.
In a large stock pot combine the ham hock, yellow onion, garlic clove, oil, and chicken broth. Cover and bring to a boil.
Add the sliced collard greens and salt to taste. Cover and lower to a simmer.
Simmer for 3 hours stirring occasionally.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 82.796036
Retrieved Text: THOMASVILLE, N.C. -- With the holidays come traditions and New Year's Day is certainly no exception with people planning to spend time with family and around the dinner table for a traditional New Year's meal.
The most famous traditional New Year's meal seems to be black-eyed peas, collard greens, cornbread served with ham or some other pork delicacy.
At Legend's Family Restaurant in Thomasville the special on New Year's day is Pork Tenderloin along with the black-eyed peas, collard and cornbread.
Customer after customer filled up on the special even if they didn't quite remember how this became a tradition.
"When you eat that you've really had you a good meal," said Lee Mauldin of Thomasville, who was actually having a different selection for lunch, knowing his wife is preparing the traditional meal for dinner.
"Collard greens and hog jawls. Well I think she's gonna make it out of ham but we call it hog jawls and she has a special way of making it. Good Stuff man!"
But why exactly do we eat what we eat on New Year's?
"The black eyed peas supposed to be for good luck I think," said Charles Garrett.
Mauldin agrees, adding that the pork dish is for health, "Oh yeah, I'll be 72 next birthday been running well."
"Money....a lot of money," Legend's waitress Angela Osborne quipped.
So, black eyed peas for luck, pork for health and collard greens for money.
But how wide does this tradition spread?
"I'm from up north, from Pennsylvania," said Lisa Fehn, also eating lunch as Legend's.
"The tradition up there is pork, sauerkraut and mashed potatoes.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 82.622795
Retrieved Text: Related titles for this image are Mustard green soup chinese greens archives the hakka cookbookthe cookbook img. Drumstick leaves stew recipe murungai keerai kootu subbus. Stuffed collard greens recipe nyt cooking superjumbo v. Sweet potato greens stir fry vine recipes the odd pantry and july. Tinola chicken soup recipe ginger green papaya chilli leaf manok earthy philippines flavoured. Ways to make collard greens totally delicious huffpost o facebook. More recipes pan fried dandelion greens with tomatoes the splendid table.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 82.19509
Retrieved Text: If you think the taste of collard greens is too bitter, this recipe is for you. Orange and greens are an inspirational combo. I had no idea how this recipe would turn out when I found it on the Food & Wine magazine website. All I knew was that it would use 3 items from our recent produce shipment: collard greens, fennel and oranges! Yippee! The orange juice coats the collards and transforms into a sweet glaze. Mike breaded and lightly pan fried some sole filets to go along side. This will grace our table again in the near future.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 81.85143
Retrieved Text: Kale is rich in vitamins and minerals such as calcium, potassium and iron. This makes it perfect for juicing!
Widely considered to be healthful foods, collards are rich in invaluable sources of phyto-nutrients with potent anti-cancer properties, such as di-indolyl-methane (DIM) and sulforaphane that have proven benefits against prostate, breast, cervical, colon, ovarian cancers by virtue of their cancer cell growth inhibition and cytotoxic effects on cancer cells.
Consumption of natural fruits rich in flavonoids helps to protect from lung and oral cavity cancers.
Collard greens are also an excellent source of vitamin-A (222% of RDA per 100 g). Vitamin A is required for maintaining healthy mucus membranes and skin, and is also essential for vision.
Collard greens have beneficial effects in Alzheimer's disease patients by limiting neuronal damage in their brain.
Collard greens contain amazingly high levels of vitamin-K, provides staggering 426% of recommended daily levels per 100 leaves. Vitamin K has potential role in the increase of bone mass by promoting osteotrophic activity in the bone.
Collard greens are also an excellent source of vitamin-A (222% of RDA per 100 g) and flavonoid poly-phenolic anti-oxidants such as lutein, carotenes, zea-xanthin, crypto-xanthin etc. These compounds are scientifically found to have antioxidant properties.
Collard is high in iron, which is an important nutrient to ensure energy levels stay high.
Collard greens are a great source of Manganese & Magnesium. Manganese and magnesium are two powerful allies in your depression-healing lifestyle. Manganese helps synthesize the fatty acids necessary for a healthy nervous system and is also involved with the synthesis of B vitamins, amino acid

########
Rank: 23
Score: 81.72076
Retrieved Text: You might think collard greens aren’t good to eat raw but you’d be mistaken. I don’t blame you. Many people think raw collard greens are tough to eat. In this creamy vegan collard green salad we soften them up by marinating them. The result is a nutrient packed, living, soul food dish. You can also try this raw Ethiopian collard green recipe.
Our garden is lush right now, filled with a variety of greens, sweet potatoes, carrots, beans and more. I picked these collard greens from the garden an hour or so before making this dish. Can’t get much fresher than that!
Next I cut them into very thin strips. This also helps soften them up. Then I put them in a bowl along with grated carrots, chopped bell pepper, minced garlic, chopped oyster mushrooms and finely chopped onion. I added lemon juice, soy sauce and vinegar, mirin and tossed them to coat.
I cubed 1 avocado. I used my clean hands to massage the avocado into the greens.
Now I added some nutritional yeast, a bit of chipotle pepper for heat and a smoky flavor and a bit of mirin for a little sweetness. Then I let it marinate while I finished the rest of the meal. Waiting 15-30 minutes is all it takes.
You can also make this recipe ahead of time and keep it in the refrigerator for a few hours until meal time. Don’t wait much longer than that as the avocado will start to get discolored.
A high nutrient vegan oil-free salad using avocado to make a

########
Rank: 24
Score: 81.65076
Retrieved Text: Collard greens are a Southern institution and cherished way of life. But you don’t have to be from the South, or live there, to cook up a mean pot of collards. Here’s an easy, step-by-step guide on how to cook collard greens.
To make the magic happen, put your olive oil on first. Let it get nice and hot before you start adding to it. Put in the garlic and let it warm until gets to a tan, slightly brown color. Next, add in the chicken stock and turkey leg. Let everything cook for 25 to 30 minutes. Reset your timer for 45 minutes, but this time add in the collards. Keep checking it though, to make sure the water from the chicken stock doesn’t boil out completely. Add more water as needed. After that, add in the rest of your ingredients and leave it on the stove until it’s all gone a deep, dark green. Drain the water and enjoy!

########
Rank: 25
Score: 81.43737
Retrieved Text: This image uploaded by carhire-alicante-spain.com. Source : ilovethaicooking.files.wordpress.com.
Related titles for this image are My csa delivery this week included collard greens ethiopian in tomato sauce veggin img. Saut ueed japanese turnips with turnip greens recipe ed serious eats vicky wasik x. Trying broccoli leaves for the first time here s a quick skillet dinner where with mom to nutrition img. Saut ed greens with pine nuts and raisins recipe dishmaps sauteed vertical. September stuffed collard greens taproot farm. Mustard greens moong dal vegrecipesu. Winter squash leaves in salted coconut milk recipe pranee s thai img.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 81.42494
Retrieved Text: The various greens, which had an early start this year have also started coming in along with the beets, so I finally got a chance to try this recipe, akin to the Bicol Express which is taro leaves simmered in coconut milk and spiced with peppers. Since I don’t have taro leaves available here, I remembered TingAling’s suggestion sometime ago that the recipe would work well with collard greens too. I haven’t had a chance to try it out until now. In addition to collard greens, I also tossed in the greens from the early harvest of beets; that’s the reddish greens you see in the photo.
Heat about a tablespoon of oil and saute’ the pork until it becomes opaque and edges turn slighly brown. Add the garlic and fry for about one minute until it becomes fragrant, then add the onions and sautee another minute. Add the coconut milk and let it come to a simmer. Season with salt and pepper to your taste. Add the chopped greens and chili peppers. Stir briefly and cover. Let it simmer until the greens are tender and most of the liquid has evaporated. Adjust seasonings and serve.
This sounds wonderful! My Tatay is from Nabua, Camarines Sur and would love this recipe. We eat collard greens often (he was a cook in the Navy) and never thought of cooking it the Bicolano way. Thank you for sharing.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 81.35324
Retrieved Text: Haha, indeed. Are you a new years’ resolutioner?
Gotta say, these not only look incredible (seriously, those cut pieces are stunning, and I’m really impressed with how well the collard greens hold up), but they also sound like they’re very tasty. I tend to be a little back-and-forth on quinoa, but I’ve had it with many of the ingredients you’ve used here and they seem bang-on. The mango especially seems great. I’ve got a ton of collard green seeds (my garden greens bolted on me last summer, so I figured I’d roll with it), so I’m hoping to have more collard than I know what to do with later this year. Fingers crossed!
Thank you for your kind and thoughtful comment! As far as the quinoa, I used couscous in these as well and that is a very nice and fluffy substitute. I am a sucker for the nutritional properties of quinoa :P. I look forward to see what kind of recipes you create with your collard stash!
These are so beautiful, and creative! Cant wait to pick up some collard greens and give these a try!
These look amazing. I love everything about wraps, except the wrap. Doughy wheat tortillas are a turn off for me. This is a fab idea that I can’t wait to try. Great job.
Thank you so much! I agree, the idea of biting into a variety of veggies all neatly bound up is much more appealing than the less nutritious, often gluten-filled tortillas for me!
Thanks! Peppers are an awesome idea, too. The beauty of

########
Rank: 28
Score: 81.28508
Retrieved Text: This image uploaded by carhire-alicante-spain.com. Source : seattlelocalfood.files.wordpress.com.
Related titles for this image are Bacon collard greens taste of home. Crushed red potatoes with winter greens recipe eatingwell. More recipes pan fried dandelion greens with tomatoes the splendid table. Picked yesterday turnip rutabaga greens delicious and different zucchini img. Kale and beet greens salad l simply scratch winter with pear. Radish leaves and potato sabzi greens stir fry mooli patte aloo sabji cooking at mayflower img. These brazilian inspired collard greens with garlic seattle local food p.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 80.990295
Retrieved Text: In a large pot, bring 1 1/2 quarts water to a boil and add the meat, House Seasoning, seasoned salt, hot sauce, and a drizzle of olive oil. Cover, reduce the heat to medium, and cook for 1 hour.
Meanwhile, wash the collard greens thoroughly. Remove the thick stem that runs down the center of the greens by holding the stalk in 1 hand and stripping the leaves from the stalk with your other hand. Stack 6 to 8 leaves on top of each other, roll up, and slice into 1/2 to 1-inch ribbons. Place the greens in the pot with the meat. Add the butter. Cook the greens, stirring occasionally, until the greens are tender, about 45 minutes to 1 hour. When they are done, taste and adjust seasoning.
Remove the collard greens with a slotted spoon and transfer to a large bowl. Remove ham hock and chop into pieces. Place into bowl with collard greens. Mix in the softened cream cheese, working it into the mixture.
Have a bowl of water ready and dip your finger in it, running it along the seams of the wonton before pressing to seal. Place a scant teaspoonful of the collard green mixture in the center of a wonton wrapper and fold into a triangle. Repeat with the remaining wrappers. Place on a parchment or waxed paper lined baking sheet, covered with a damp paper towel, until ready to fry.
Heat 3-inches peanut oil in a heavy deep pot to 350 degrees F.
Fry the wontons in batches until they are golden brown,

================



======= Instance Index 9970 =========
Input Text: If a description of a situation begins like this: [header] How to make a bunny ears headband [title] Choose a headband. [step] To make a bunny ears headband, you need to start with the right headband. A plastic style will work fine, but a metal band is sturdier so you don't have to worry about it breaking.... Then how
does it continue? 

Ending 1: Look for a headband that's approximately 1-to 2-inches wide (2.5-to 5-cm). [substeps] It doesn't matter what color the headband that you use is.

Ending 2: [substeps] For more detailed measurements, you can search the internet for a headband design and basic instructions. Alternatively, you can find a coloring book, paper towel, paper towels, scissors, or any other craft supplies you may use to make your headband.

Ending 3: [substeps] For a soft look, use a pair of either clear rubber bands or elastic bands. You may also consider using fabric headbands, but you may want to use clear clips to prevent them from getting damaged.

Ending 4: If you decide to make a bunny ears headband, you'll need to shape the headband to your liking using either scissors or carving a design onto it. Here are other templates you might consider using for your headband : [substeps] Round shapes.

Target Text: Ending 1

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 104.01244
Retrieved Text: Get in the Easter spirit with this easy no sew DIY Bunny Ears Headband. This easy bunny headband craft is perfect for boys and girls alike, as the flower can be left out or replaced with a little top hat!
Are you looking for fun and easy crafts for your kids to make this Easter?
You’re not going to find many Easter crafts that are cuter and easier than this adorable DIY bunny ears headband.
Best of all, you can find almost everything you need for this fun DIY bunny headband at the dollar store. This means you can make several of these headbands without breaking the back, which is perfect if you want to make them with a group of kiddos.
Whether you make these Easter headbands with the kids, or make them for the kids as part of their Easter baskets, they will totally be a hit.
Plus, the kids will look super cute wearing their bunny ears on Easter!
Glue Gun — This craft does require a hot glue gun, as regular craft glue isn't really strong enough to keep the ears in place. You will obviously want to help younger children with this step.
Flower Decoration — We added a poofy flower to our headband, but it is totally optional. You could add a different adornment such as a tiny top hat or just leave the headband plain. Either way, it is going to be super cute!
Craft Foam — While we used pink and white foam for our bunny ears headband, you can let your kids use whatever colors

########
Rank: 1
Score: 95.284065
Retrieved Text: Wow!!! This SeasonsTrading Black Plush Sequin Bunny Ears Headband ~ Halloween Rabbit Costume (STC12104) made for this Halloween. Please don't miss to get SeasonsTrading Black Plush Sequin Bunny Ears Headband ~ Halloween Rabbit Costume (STC12104). Have a nice Halloween.
Cute headband to complete your bunny rabbit costume!
Bunny Ears also available in other colors (sold separately). Search SeasonsTrading Bunny Ears for details.
In this Halloween night. You 're very Cool person. Get the low price and good quality SeasonsTrading Black Plush Sequin Bunny Ears Headband ~ Halloween Rabbit Costume (STC12104).

########
Rank: 2
Score: 92.48949
Retrieved Text: This bunny ears headband is perfect for dress up! Made out of softest pastel pink and cream fabric, these bunny ears are truly adorable. A great addition to an Easter party, they would also make a great gift.
Shop the Sophie Allport Woodland collection to complete the look.
Tags: bags, bunny, cream, headband, Home, party, pink, unicorns.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 92.041
Retrieved Text: It’s that time of year when we are looking for cute and creative ideas for Easter. Well, look no further because you just found it! This adorable Easter Bunny Ears Headband craft will transform your kiddos into a little bunny rabbit. They are guaranteed to have fun making them and wearing them!
It’s great that this craft can easily be made to coordinate with your child’s Easter dress. You’ll just need to choose a matching or coordinating flower! Talk about a win-win!
1. Draw and cut out two rabbit ear shapes from a piece of white craft foam. Use your headband as a size reference, and create a shape you are happy with. Make the shape sort of an elongated football shape.
2. Draw and cut out two smaller rabbit ear shapes from a piece of pink craft foam. These will be the inside of the ears, and must be small enough to fit inside of the white craft foam ear shapes.
3. Glue the pink rabbit ear foam shapes on top of the white craft foam ear shapes, with the bottom edges lining up.
4. Use a hot glue gun to attach the two bunny ears to the top of the white headband. Hold them in place until the glue dries so that they do not fall over.
5. Glue on a floral accent off to the side at the bottom of one ear on your headband.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 84.900665
Retrieved Text: Once you tie the Disney hair ties about your head, and make the tied bunny ears at the top, your heart will just melt. These bunny/rabbit ears inspired headbands will add some fun to any of your outfits. Use as a headband, wrist wrap, or ponytail holder to add dramatic flare to any outfit.
●Dimensions: approx. Dia. W6.5 cm / Dia. W2.5"

########
Rank: 5
Score: 83.844055
Retrieved Text: Cute white bunny rabbit ears - white furry bunny ears on headband. Very comfortable to wear.
Great for easter, bunny costume, dance shows, carnivals, dressing up or just for fun!

########
Rank: 6
Score: 83.4386
Retrieved Text: PREORDER: This product ships on 10/20/16. Guaranteed to arrive by 10/24/16.
Create your own wonderland with the JAK HARE Leather Bunny Ears. Luxuriously hand-crafted from a structured black latigo leather exterior and lined with a soft lambskin, the ears rest on a black lambskin wrapped headband. Choose from Black leather on the exterior with a Bronze interior, or straight Black/Black.
JAK HARE Leather Bunny Ears has a rating of stars based on reviews.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 82.597084
Retrieved Text: Get into the spirit of the holiday with your own hair!
Have a roaring good time.
Step out in style with jazzed up shoes!
A string and some colorful beads will complete any outfit!
Give life to an old headband.
With these ears, you can hear the Easter Bunny coming!
Pretend to be the Easter Bunny.
A festive hat for Easter.
A proper paper plate topper.
Cute bunny faces that can be worn as a mask.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 82.222015
Retrieved Text: Looking for a super cute, super easy and super cheap craft for spring? Make a floral bunny ear crown headband! It took me no time at all and I used what I had on hand. The materials were purchased at the dollar store so I can estimate the entire project was definitely under $5. Boom.
Set aside 3 pipe cleaners. Take one and curve it into a bunny ear shape.
Repeat the shape with a second pipe cleaner. Then leaving a bit at the bottoms of the ends, twist once to secure. With the third pipe cleaner, curve like a headband and then secure the ears to it by putting the headband in between the ends and twisting a few times.
Now take the artificial flowers and pop off the top buds. Use the wire cutters to snip the extra piece in the back if it has one. You can determine the types of flowers and how many.
Next hot glue the flowers to the pipe cleaner headband. It might be best to put a dab of glue in the front, place the flower and add a dab to the back as well for extra support. Keep arranging and gluing until you have the desired look.
If possible, I would suggest snatching up at the dollar store a cheap plain headband instead of the pipe cleaner for better stability. This would be the perfect craft for a girly themed spring birthday bash or on Easter morning! I’d love to see this with smaller wildflowers and white pipe cleaners – so if

########
Rank: 9
Score: 82.05873
Retrieved Text: As long as kids have loved playing dress up cat and mouse costumes have been a make-believe staple. Even adults occasionally break out a pair of cat ears when they're in need of a no fuss costume. Some felt and a hairband is basically all you need to make a quick and inexpensive costume that can be reused. These easy directions are perfect for school plays, Halloween or just as a cute fashion accessory. There's minimal sewing required here and the results are adorable. You can even use some of the extra felt to make a little tail.
Fusible web such as Stitch Witchery or Wonder Under.
Glue To adhere the felt to cover the headband.
Note: To make these ears in fur, please follow the same basic procedure as described in the Bunny Ears Directions. While gray and pink are used here you can swap them out for any color you prefer. The headband will be covered in felt so it doesn't matter what color you start out with, the intent is to hide it.
Cut two of the full ear pattern out of the gray felt.
Cut two of the inner part of the ear pattern out of pink felt with fusible web fused on the back.
Cut a strip of gray felt to match the outer side of the headband.
Lining up the center markings, fuse the pink felt to the top of each piece of gray felt that was cut for ears.
On the two sideline markings, make a snip, through both layers of felt approximately 1/4" into the ear.
Fold

########
Rank: 10
Score: 81.616745
Retrieved Text: Bunny Ears White & Pink Lining : Perfect for Easter, these bunny ears w/Snap-On headband are the perfect accessory or party favor for any Easter-themed event Easy-to-wear. One size fits most. White ears with pink inner ear. Felt/plastic.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 80.82502
Retrieved Text: Add a bit of sparkle and shine to this ballerina leotard by adding leg warmers and a tutu!
Beautiful bride costume for girls who love playing dress up!
Girls Star Wars costume will take you to a galaxy far, far away!
Girls medieval festive jester costume includes corset dress and more!
Adorable pink kids costume with ruffled petticoat and fluffy tail. Fluffy leg warmers and ears complete her bunny attire.
Gothic Girls Halloween costume: Black wedding gown with veil, footless tights and fishnet glovettes.
Girls costume features dress, detachable tail and wings, and headband with ears and bow.
Wiping away anything but rainbows, this Little Pony is ready for Halloween fun.
A bright beauty with ranbow skirt, zipper back closure dress, tail and headband with ears.
Pink pony dress with detachable tail, leggings and headband with pony ears.
Girls Star Trek costume dress lets little girls join the out of this world fun!
This girls pirate costume keep ship life tolerable, but don't turn your back!
Western ladies like to ride n' rope the cattle! Cowgirl costume features dress with attached vest.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 78.95855
Retrieved Text: Next, using floral wire, we attached the small wreath to the large one.
Remember those bunny ears we used in the Easter topiary? Well, we bought another pair just for this occasion! (This time of year, bunny ears are EVERYWHERE. We found this pair at the Dollar Store.) Using floral wire, we attached the headband to the back of the 14" tea leaf wreath.
At the store, we found a white peony bush (always 40% off!) and cut off one of the flowers. (You could use a rose or dogwood bloom - they're always 40% off, too.) We attached it to the 24" boxwood wreath using floral wire.
We're finish...and it looks like someBUNNY is all dressed up for Easter! So, what do you think? Which do you prefer...the Easter topiary or the Easter wreath? Would you use them both? How would you make it different?

########
Rank: 13
Score: 78.86769
Retrieved Text: toddler girl headbands baby headband trendy lavender and grey chevron bow shabby chic flower newborn little bows.
toddler girl headbands kid tie knot headband knitted cotton children girls hair band turban summer style bandeau in accessories from mother canada.
toddler girl headbands small chiffon flower headband accessories newborn girls bow best.
toddler girl headbands elegant rhinestone headband best.
toddler girl headbands 0 baby flower crown headband chiffon wreath pink hairband festival bridesmaid photo wear hair accessories.
toddler girl headbands princess baby headband lace solid hair bandeau me elastic.
toddler girl headbands home nike.
toddler girl headbands newborn big bow headband baby hair band children kids cotton turban head canada.
toddler girl headbands new white knot tie cotton headband for baby and head wrap photo prop birthday first summer bows.
toddler girl headbands mermaid headband mommy and me sister big little nordstrom.
toddler girl headbands baby children cute color hair hoops solid bunny ears head wrap knotted band bow nike.
toddler girl headbands baby headband gray shabby flower bow newborn via where to buy.
toddler girl headbands 2 a flower.
toddler girl headbands baby girls cotton hair bow flower headband with big solid color floral accessories kids from melee best.
toddler girl headbands baby headband newborn shower gift best.
toddler girl headbands ivory baby best.
toddler girl headbands fair well with flower dress for girls infant headband new little and bows.
toddler girl headbands baby girls headband sweet dots stripe hair accessories flower.
toddler girl headbands flower head flowers hair accessories chiffon hand sewing good beautiful girls where to buy.
toddler girl headbands headband 6 inch basic bow little and bows.
toddler girl headbands lovely baby black

########
Rank: 14
Score: 78.69952
Retrieved Text: The Jumbo bunny set is perfect for Easter and other themed parties. This accessories kit includes large white bunny ears on a headband and a large bunny tail that can be fastened onto a small belt or by a pin.
The ear are approximately 13” long and the tail has a diameter of approximately 4.5”.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 77.76419
Retrieved Text: Feeling excited about the Easter holiday season? Show your enthusiasm with this crafty lesson on how to decorate darling DIY Easter egg bunnies.
In part one of this two-part lesson, gather the requisite materials to start crafting a pair of DIY duct tape bunny ears! Learn how to shape the ears first.
Finish creating a pair of DIY bunny ears by securing the ears to either a headband or a duct tape strap with help from Sophie in part two of this crafty lesson.
Learn how to create a crafty and kid-friendly flock of paper cup sheep with a few supplies. This is a perfect family project for any Easter themed gathering.
If you've ever wondered about the best strategy to hard-boil dozens upon dozens of Easter eggs in time for a party, check out this lesson from Sophie's World!

########
Rank: 16
Score: 77.43177
Retrieved Text: Learning more and more, just finished my first jiggle enabled object. Cute bunny ears headband made from scratch. Watch this space for more bits n bobs.
Those are some fine bunny ears.
Oh man. :shock: Can I ask if you're planning a release with them? I was looking over a pair of wonderful bunny ears.
Thanks, sorry I missed them before. I'm grabbing it right now.
Having more fun making custom models and getting a real handle on bones and mesh's etc. I bring you Pose-able butterfly wings. Also made some serious effort to use more VMT options like $detail and $envmap. Also if your wondering here's what a difference a detail map can make the quality of the existing skin texture.
Also if your wondering here's what a difference a detail map can make the quality of the existing skin texture.
Very nice! If I may ask, where can I get that detailed map?
Work in progress DMC4 Lady, Just a few more skin weights to fix.
Would've looked better if the weapon behind her started sliding to the left instead of bumping then just falling suddenly to the right.
Will you release the modified Sherry skin? Great works by the way.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 76.2906
Retrieved Text: Start off with a circle for the face/head guide and then draw in the guidelines for the face and ears.
Using the head/facial guide you can draw the actual structure of Pooh's head and face.
Up next, use the facial guidelines to draw out the face. Start with the eyes then draw the nose bump and then nose tip, you will then add the cheek bumps and finish Pooh's face off by drawing the smile and brows.
Add the bottom lip for the mouth and then draw the whiskers and tongue.
Lastly, you can draw the headband and then draw in the cute bunny ears that are attached to the headband. Erase the mistakes and all the guides cause you are all done.
That's it. You're done drawing Winnie the Pooh for Easter. Now all that is left to do is coloring him in.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 76.01721
Retrieved Text: Whenever holidays come around, time feels like it's moving extra fast. The fact that summer is practically over and Halloween is around the corner is so crazy. It's hard to plan for costumes in advance because, well, life. Instead of scrambling last minute for a costume, opt for a low-key approach with fun Halloween hair accessories that feel just as festive. I'm hardly ever prepared for the occasion, so cute headbands, hair clips, and makeup save me every time. It's amazing what a hair accessory and bold makeup can do to put you in the spirit.
Ease up on the pressure to find the perfect costume and order one of these budget-friendly options below for your hair. Add a bit of out-of-the-ordinary makeup to get yourself in the mood. Then, proceed to take fire selfies. Ahead, find the 18 best Halloween hair accessories that'll make you look like the coolest one in the room.
Spice things up a bit with this cheetah-print headband, and add a fur if you're fancy.
A chic, lace veil with a crowned headband will liven up the look of any costume.
Why not arrive at the Halloween party as the true queen you are with this leaf-embroidered crown?
The head veil hack is a no-brainer for a fire costume accessory.
You can wear regular cat ears, or you can wear lace cat ears. The choice is yours.
All you have to do is clip these skeletons in your hair for a spooky but cute vibe.
Floral deer antlers? We're into it.
This Frida Kahlo–inspired flower crown is so romantic and

########
Rank: 19
Score: 75.49988
Retrieved Text: Adorbs Baby Girl Onsie 3/6 mo. 6/9. Her First Easter.Water Color Baby Bunny wears a floral crown. The flowers house a Mother Bird and her nest with eggs. We have added a FREE coordinating headband, Burlap Bunny Ears with flowers. Click pics to view.
Cute as a button. We love the art of gifting. A gift never need be expensive, it should always be thoughtful and presented with care.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 75.11099
Retrieved Text: The first school term is done and dusted and although i love the thought of not having to make school lunches for two weeks, the thought of having to keep a certain seven year old with the attention span of a goldfish swimming in Red Bull entertained is making me nervous.
Every school break i arm myself with a list of quick, easy, in-expensive activities and DIY's to keep Lulu distracted and having fun.
I've hit up my fav crafty blogs and of course Pinterest for some Easter themed DIY's and have put together a list to share with you.
Mini burger easter eggs. Studio DIY.
Butternut pumpkin bunny rabbits. Handmade Charlotte.
Bunny cupcake toppers. Oh Happy Day.
DIY bunny ears headband. Say Yes.
Emoji easter eggs. Studio DIY.
Giant origami bunnies. Oh happy Day.
Printable easter themed colouring in pages. Brit & Co.
DIY No sew stuffed sock animals. Handmade Charlotte.
Salad spinner marbled eggs. Hello Wonderful.
Printable bunny egg collecting cones. We are Scout.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 74.774864
Retrieved Text: These flashing bunny ears are ideal for fancy dress, hen nights, parties, etc.
They are made from soft pink feathers with subtle silver tinsel on the back and a flashing centre on both ears, all attached to a matching pink headband.
Supplied with pre-installed batteries so ready to use or can be resold as supplied in bag suitable for resale.
GO ON - WEAR ONE AND STAND OUT FROM THE CROWD ....... !!

########
Rank: 22
Score: 73.99488
Retrieved Text: Let imaginations soar with Bunny Blanc, she is joined the school's Archery Club. Accessorized with a bow-and-arrow piece, the Ever After High archery girls are aiming for happily ever afters! Bunny Blanc, daughter of the White Rabbit of Wonderland, has a pink bow with arrow that she can hold in her hand. She is ready for practice dressed in a blue training outfit with a colorful floral print and purple textured leggings. Pink cutout boots and an elaborate body jewelry are right on point. And a headband with bunny ears is a signature piece.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 72.520775
Retrieved Text: Didn't have time to prepare a Halloween costume in advance this year? No worries! Here are some fun and simple Halloween costume ideas for any party, trick-or-treat or work evemt.
It's Raining Men. Put on a rain coat, boots and carry an umbrella, and then attach cut-outs of your favorite male celebrities to create this last-minute costume.
Fork in the Road. Attach hashed lines to the center of a black T-shirt, and then glue a plastic fork to create a costume based on this age-old expression.
Minnie Mouse. Attach polka dots to a red skirt, slip on some yellow shoes and top it off with cute black mouse ears to create this simple Minnie costume.
Deviled Egg. Add a yellow yolk to the center of a plain white T-shirt, then wear some devil horns and a tail to transform yourself into a deviled egg.
Dust Bunny. This funny costume is cute and quirky. Make your own bunny ears from felt and a headband (or buy them from a store), and then attach some tulle to a T-shirt to create the look of dust.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 72.46786
Retrieved Text: knowledge Sharing of Baby Wisp for moms of baby girls – Tagged "headbands"
Hair ribbons are something that almost every child experiments with at some point in their youth. Most of them find that they like the different colors and styles the bows offer and enjoy them throughout childhood. The Trendy Twist Pastel Collection offers kids a chance to play with styles and combine many different colors as well. Each style bow is made up of two bows – a tiny one with a grosgrain ribbon and a larger one with a twist in the middle. These are simple to use and a great way to get your child into hair styling.
Every little girl wants to be a princess, and what better crown to show off this desire than one made of beautiful flowers? The Flower Crown is adjustable, so it can fit heads as small as the average six-month-old but can be expanded to fit a toddler’s head as well. There’s even room to adjust it further so it can fit the head of a young woman or an adult. This is a great chance for a mommy to play dress-up with her child and show off how much fun hair accessories can be. It’s easy to use and provides both flexibility and fun.
If your child loves flowers, Dahlia Headbands provides a way that they can wear flowers in their hair with the ease of a headband. These simple elastic headbands can expand to fit different head sizes, making them something that can grow with your

########
Rank: 25
Score: 72.37871
Retrieved Text: Hello my dearest friends! It’s been a while!
Have you heard of Alison North (@kornflake_stew on Instagram) and her book, Cutest Crochet Creations?
It’s an absolute darling of an amigurumi book and I’m so honoured to have been asked by Alison herself to take part in her blog tour to share a review of her book!
When I first heard about Cutest Crochet Creations, I fell absolutely in love with the bunny on the cover — isn’t she the cutest?
Rhiannon is her name and I couldn’t help but make one of her for myself!
And because the book has amazingly cute patterns for 16 characters in all, I actually went back and forth for a while to decide on which one I would make first!
I am absolutely in love with the pattern and I love how Alison has made the bunny ears — too cute, really! The floral headband is a stroke of genius and I picked all my favourite colours for it.
I was also really excited to try using the Drops Muskat yarn that was delivered a week ago (I waited for a whole month to have it delivered from The Wool Warehouse!). I used that for the body and it was a dream to work with! I tried DMC Natura Yummy for the first time and with mint being my favourite colour, the dress had to in mint for sure!
The pattern was very easy to follow and I love how Alison has included all these tutorial pics for each and every project. I really enjoyed making the floral

########
Rank: 26
Score: 72.13478
Retrieved Text: Entire Headband Width: Approx. 9.5"
Finish sc around ears. Fasten off leaving a 6' tail for sewing. Do not weave in ends.
Sc around all edges of bow; fasten off.
Sc around entire edge of band.
Fasten off leaving a 3' tail for sewing.
1. Choose a headband for your base -any headband will work.
2. Use the same color yarn as your ears to sc around headband.
-Hot glue can be used to attach and secure yarn to headband as your go.
3. Use the tail end from your finished ears to sew on the headband.
4. Hold bow in between ears at bast of headband with rs facing front as shown in Fig. D.
5. Wrap band, with rs facing out, around ear and sew together with the seam facing the back.
6. Using the yarn color of ears, begin sewing bottom layer of bow to ear.
-Stretch bow so that the bow is held up by the ear with tension.
-Fasten off, weave in ends. Repeat for other side of bow.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 71.69903
Retrieved Text: This set includes: Long-sleeve blouse and pleated skirt.
This set includes: Sleeveless blouse and shorts.
This set includes: Long-sleeve dress and stockings.
This set includes: Floral dress and underskirt.
This set includes: Short-sleeve dress and brown cardigan.
This set includes: Blue open dress, sleeveless white dress, bunny ears headband and pendant. It fits Pullip and Blythe.
This set includes: White dress w/ detachable bow.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 71.379135
Retrieved Text: Make Your Own Bunny Felt Headband to accessorise ahead of those Easter celebrations! Whether it's for a spring-inspired party or your Easter egg hunt, little ones will look the part with this fun felt design.
The pack includes 10 felt pieces, five foam pieces, five pom poms and 50cm white elastic cord, ensuring you can piece together your pretty headband. This will be a fun project for little ones to enjoy during the Easter holidays and will result in a stylish flourish to brighten up every seasonal event!
Ideal for wearing for Easter egg hunts and more!
Make Your Own Bunny Felt Headband is rated 4.3 out of 5 by 3.
Rated 3 out of 5 by Libbini from Pretty but no adhesive I love this bright colourful Easter bunny head dress which I brought to take on holiday over the Easter school break but I was disappointed when I found it didn't come with any glue. Please could there be a bigger sign on the front, so I know to take some with me on holiday. Many thanks.
Rated 5 out of 5 by Robins26 from Great Easter piece ! My daughter loved making this cute headband. It was very simple and easy for her to make. A great little Easter gift for friends or just a cute home craft activity.
Rated 5 out of 5 by Crazyknitter12 from Value for money Bought as a treat for little nieces instead of chocolate. Something to make and wear . Lovely sweet design and precut pieces for little fingers.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 71.03364
Retrieved Text: Hip, hop, hooray! This pink and white tulle tutu dress is a beautiful addition to your little Princess' Easter outfit.
New for 2018, this fun and fluffy bunny dress will have your little girl hop, hop, hopping her way to a fun play date. She'll love the soft tulle and fun bunny ears.
Perfect for a Halloween costume or a farm themed birthday party too!
Made with four layers of white and pink tulle.
Feather boa is added in the front as trim.
Boa pieces are tied on so they can be removed and the dress can be worn as a pink Princess dress such as Sleeping beauty!
Headband is embellished with flowers, butterflies and even a bird!
Satin ribbon creates the shoulder straps.

================



======= Instance Index 8920 =========
Input Text: If a description of a situation begins like this: [header] How to open a bostitch heavy duty stapler [title] Set your bostitch stapler on a hard, flat surface. [title] Look for the back assembly, sometimes called a pusher. [step] On some models this will have a red tab pointing out of the back.... Then how
does it continue? 

Ending 1: On others, it may have a stack that points toward the side, depending on the model. [substeps] Open the front assembly and pull back on the back assembly--if the tray is wooden, it will lock.

Ending 2: In newer models it may be colored so it's hard to see it. [title] Thread your arm through the pusher.

Ending 3: [title] Hold the top of the stapler in place with your non-dominant hand. [step] Never place your hand under the stapler.

Ending 4: In other models it will have a silver tab. [title] While the front assembly looks kind of like a regular one, it's usually labeled " laformation " with a hole from which a needle can sit.

Target Text: Ending 3

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 103.94948
Retrieved Text: Product Name Impulse Electric Stapler. Bostitch Impulse Sheet Electric Stapler Value Pack Heavy Duty No Jam with. Find great new used options and get the best deals for Bostitch Professional Heavy Duty B Impulse Electric Stapler Sheet Capacity White BOS0 011 at. This powerful 0 sheet electric stapler comes with staples and a remover in the ultimate value pack! Bostitch Impulse Sheet Electric Stapler Heavy Duty No Jam with. Product Line Impulse. Designed for fast reliable and efficient performance Staples up to sheets in just a fraction of a second while No Jam technology prevents staple jams for smooth rapid stapling Avery Marking Tag Packs Ave11012.
Find great new used options and get the best deals for Bostitch Professional Heavy Duty B Impulse Electric Stapler Sheet Capacity Black at Staples' low price or read our customer reviews to learn more now. Get it today from Bostitch Office. This white electric stapler is x faster staples up to sheets!
Buy Bostitch Impulse Drive Electric Full Strip Stapler Sheet Capacity White BOS0 011 at. Find discount Bostitch Impulse Electric Stapler Sheet Capacity White BOS0 011 at.
Bostitch Impulse 0 Sheet Electric Stapler Black Desk. Product Bostitch Impulse 25 Electric Stapler Bos02011 Type. Designed for fast reliable and efficient performance Staples up to sheets in just a fraction of a second No Jam technology prevents staple jams for smooth rapid stapling Refill alert light indicates when staples need to be reloaded Push button FastLoad system makes staple refill quick and easy. Designed for fast reliable performance.
This electric stapler is x faster staples

########
Rank: 1
Score: 85.23133
Retrieved Text: The B8 Xtreme Heavy Duty Plier Stapler offers you the legendary Bostitch® B8® performance in a plier stapler! This multi-faceted tool features the capacity to staple up to 45 sheets of paper or light corrugate/fiber board and cardboard. That makes it great for mailrooms, administrative duties, retail, and manufacturing and packaging operations. For example, many purchase Bostitch plier staplers to staple receipts to takeout bags. The easy squeeze lever action provides powerful penetration with minimal effort. Innovative No-Jam™ technology in every plier stapler eliminates frustrating staple jams, making you more productive and efficient. The high tech metal and composite construction will provide a lifetime of precision stapling. This is not a stapler that breaks easily. Plus, the unit's ergonomic soft comfort grip is ideal for high volume production applications and repetitive use. Use it for hours on end without hand cramps or fatigue. You can't go wrong with a Bostitch plier stapler - especially not the B8 Xtreme Duty - so try it today!
We use several of these plier staplers at my pharmacy and it's definitely seen its fair share of use. This is much better and easier to use than the old metal plier staplers that we've used in the past.
Won't even load staples. Useless.
Easy on the Hands - Review by Tucker W.
I use this every day for work and I have to say, it's surprisingly easy on the hands despite being labeled "heavy-duty", and I've never had any problems with it jamming. The spring loading threw me off the first few times I went

########
Rank: 2
Score: 84.96981
Retrieved Text: Staples – Staples are one of the most commonly used office supplies at work, at school, and at home. The most common use of staples is to attach multiple sheets of paper, but they are frequently used for other purposes, such as to hang papers and signs. Staples range in size from economy to heavy duty. Economy staples can bind about 20 sheets of paper and are common, everyday staples. Premium staples are a little larger and higher quality and can usually bind approximately 25 sheets. Heavy duty staples have longer legs that can hold several hundred sheets of paper. Staples are packaged in strips that can be easily inserted into a stapler. They are sold in boxes of approximately 5,000 staples.
Staplers – As with staples, several different types of staplers are available. Desktop staplers are relatively small in size and are used for small stacks of paper. They are designed to be used on a hard surface such as a desk. Hand staplers are similar to desktop staplers but can be easily operated in one hand without the need for a hard surface. Both light and heavy duty hand staplers are available. Heavy duty staplers are usually larger staplers that have longer arms. This creates more leverage and makes it easier to staple large stacks of paper. Some common stapler manufacturers are listed below.
Arrow Staplers – Arrow is perhaps best know for their heavy duty staple guns. They are available in manual, cordless, and corded varieties. Arrow also offers a line of standard stapler models.
Bostitch

########
Rank: 3
Score: 80.659706
Retrieved Text: Have you seen our staplers? OfficeSupply.com has a wide selection of staplers from Swingline, Stanley Bostitch, Rapid and other manufacturers. From standard desktop staplers to heavy-duty staplers that support more papers to electric staplers that staple automatically, the stapler you need is right here. Find mini staplers, tacking staplers, plier staplers and staplers in designer colors (including red). With your own stapler, you'll never have to borrow from co-workers again.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 80.647385
Retrieved Text: The compact compressor MRC6-E by Bostitch® has a steel roll cage for protection around with an integ..
The legendary Bostitch P6® Industrial Stapling Plier Stapler offers you the famous Bostitch® B8® per..
The PS20-E is a popular choice for construction sites because of its rugged on-site performance. ..
The 15/270-OL is a bit bigger compressor as the 8/195-OL. Prepared for heavy duty because of the rol..
This compact and silent compressor on wheels and handle, is easy to move. ..
Handy lightweight compressor with soft grip handle and rubber feet. Suitable for most purposes. ..
The 8/195-OL by TRX Kitpro is a compact and sturdy compressor in a roll cage ..

########
Rank: 5
Score: 80.20761
Retrieved Text: Bostitch BT1335B-1M - Manufactured in China. Bostitch bt1335b-1m 1-3/8-inch 18-gauge brads, 1000 per Box This product is easy to use. This product is highly durable.
Bostitch BT1350B-1M - For use in the bostitch BT200K-2 Industrial Brad Nailer. Chisel Point. This product is manufactured in China. 2-inch Length. Coated Finish. 1000 brads Per Box. Bostitch bt1350b-1m 2-inch 18-gauge brads, 1000 per Box This product is easy to use. This product is highly durable.
Ryobi P320 - This product is manufactured in China. 2-inch Length. It's built for work, so get to it. 1000 brads Per Box. Coated Finish. Be sure to see what you are working on with the built-in LED lighting, and keep it handy with the attached belt clip. Adjust your depth with an onboard dial so you do not have to worry about fiddling with extra tools.
Ryobi P320 Airstrike 18 Volt One+ Lithium Ion Cordless Brad Nailer Battery Not Included, Power Tool Only - For use in the bostitch BT200K-2 Industrial Brad Nailer. On a single charge of a 4 amp hour battery from Ryobi's One+ system, you can fire up to 700 nails up to 50 millimeters long. Get what you need to get done with the P320 .
Bostitch BTFP3KIT - 1/4 in. Coated Finish. Crown stapler drives 3/8 in. To 2 in. 15. 2 m or less. To 2-1/2 in. To 5/8 in. Sb-1664fn 16 ga straight finish nailer drives 16 GA straight finish nails from 1-1/4 in. Chisel Point. This product is manufactured in China. 2-inch Length. The air compressor features long-life oil-free,

########
Rank: 6
Score: 79.84316
Retrieved Text: The Bostitch P50-10B plier stapler is a type of carton stapler used for the closing of corrugated inserts and trays. This carton stapler is air driven for fast production and easy use. The P50-10B plier stapler can make short work of large jobs. It uses the Bostitch SB103020 box staple. The Bostitch SB103020 staple has a range from 3/8,1/2 and 5/8. The P50-10B is an excellent choice for a plier stapler and is used worlwide. Please give Boatman Marking a call if you have questions.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 79.113335
Retrieved Text: Coming Soon! Bradfast have the answer to the discontinued Bostitch 538 S5 stapler.
The Bostitch 538 S5 stapler has long been the market leader in frame stapling tools in the bedding industry. Since Bostitch decided to discontinue the tool Bradfast have teamed up with the original design team to bring you this new and exciting model. Tools will be available from June 2019 and in the mean time and foreseeable future we will continue to support the Bostitch version.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 78.672485
Retrieved Text: staples machine httpswwwstaples 3pcoms7is electric stapler machine high quality automatic office staples electric stapler machine high quality automatic office staples paper stapler.
staples machine price2700 lighttouch reduced effort stapler s swingline swingline lighttouch reduced effort stapler s.
staples machine stapler and staples over white buy deli heavy duty stapler and get free shipping on aliexpresscom.
staples machine electric stapler machine high quality automatic office staples 246 266 paper stapler staples laminator machine price hardtopconvertiblesclub staples laminator machine staples machine staples laminator machine.
staples machine httpswwwstaples 3pcoms7is blue staples machine isolated on white stock photo ammza blue staples machine isolated on white background photo by ammza.
staples machine stapler and staples over white stapler machine on the table deli brand light handy stapler machine singapore eezee deli brand light handy stapler machine image.
staples machine foot operated carton staples techpro business solutions laptops desktops copiers printers stapler machine small uses staples.
staples machine deli 0397 stapler heavy duty 50 pages thick stapler hand paper staples machine staplers office school hebei greens machinery staple pin making machine youtube.
staples machine staples machine truss stapler pin box closing carton sealing staples multi wire staple pin making box closing carton sealing staples multi wire staple pin making machine.
staples machine 1000pcspack doorut shaped staples nails for staple gun 3 in 1 stapler machine accessories carpenter tool hebei greens machinery staple pin making machine youtube.
staples machine httpswwwstaples 3pcoms7is this is a staple machine not need staples can be used more than this is a staple machine not need staples can be used more than timesthis compact needle free stapler is

########
Rank: 9
Score: 77.82715
Retrieved Text: Bostitch ESD 450S2P air plier 16 Ga 1" crown. Uses 16S2 staples.
Bostitch ESD 450S2P air plier stapler 16 gauge 1" crown. Uses 16S2 staples from 1/2" to 2" leg length. This wide crown stapler is used for stapling up to 6 layers of cardboard.
Applications requiring clinching of up to 6 layers of cardboard such as end caps or spacers.
Bostitch 16S2 staples 5/8-in leg, Galv. 10,000/ctn. Spotnails brand.
Bostitch 16S2 staples 3/4-in leg, Galv. 10,000/ctn. Spotnails brand.
Bostitch 16S2 staples 7/8-in leg, Galv. 10,000/ctn. Spotnails brand.
Bostitch 16S2 staples 1-in leg, Galv. 10,000/ctn. Spotnails brand.
Bostitch 16S2 staples 1-1/4-in leg, Galv. 10,000/ctn. Spotnails brand.
Bostitch 16S2 staples 1-1/2-in leg, Galv. 10,000/ctn. Spotnails brand.
Bostitch 16S2 staples 1-3/4-in leg, Galv. 10,000/ctn. Spotnails brand.
Bostitch 16S2 staples 2-in leg, Galv. 10,000/ctn. Spotnails brand.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 76.061066
Retrieved Text: This Stanley Bostitch Dynamo Black Compact Stapler features a built-in pencil sharpener, staple remover and a StapleStore compartment that stores two extra staple strips in the base. It opens 180 degrees for bulletin board tacking and crafting. This compact stapler stands vertically or horizontally for easy access and storage. Use it to staple up to 20 sheets of paper. This Stanley Bostitch Dynamo Black Compact Stapler has a half-strip staple capacity that holds 105 standard staples.
Awesome product for the money.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 75.945984
Retrieved Text: Bostitch SWC7437 Type Roll Staples - Fasco, and Spotnails brands. 1-3/8 inch crown, 0.074 x 0.037 Gauge wire. Liquor (copper) finish and Galvanized staples available.
1,000 (1M) or 4,000 (4M) staples per roll; 4, 6, 20, or 24 rolls per carton - see Items description below.
Fits Bostitch D60/ D61/ D62-ADC top carton stapler (only 1M rolls), Bostitch FC96EC bottom electric stapler, SB series staplers.
SWC7437 5/8-inch roll staples, 1M/roll, 20,000/CTN, LF. Fasco brand.
SWC7437 3/4-inch roll staples, 1M/roll, 20,000/CTN, LF. Fasco brand.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 75.9344
Retrieved Text: Use as a desk stapler, stapling tacker or plier stapler. Clinch adjusts to either permanent or temporary fastening. Full-strip stapler features a convenient staple-supply indicator and uses standard office staples to fasten up to 20 sheets. Load capacity is 210 staples.
Dimensions (H x W x D): 1" x 7" x 2"
Pros: Staples multiple sheets; Doesn't jam; Doesn't hurt hands Cons: none I've had my Bostitch for 11 years and went on vacation and someone actually broke it. I will purchase another and no other. Excellent stapler.
Pros: Never wears outs Cons: none I have owned this stapler for years. I greatly choose Bostitch over other brands. Has never jammed. Goes through multiple sheets without difficulty. Has a solid feel and staples tight.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 73.54192
Retrieved Text: BEFORE OPERATING THIS TOOL, ALL OPERATORS SHOULD STUDY THIS MANUAL TO UNDERSTAND AND FOLLOW THE SAFETY WARNINGS AND INSTRUCTIONS. KEEP THESE INSTRUCTIONS WITH THE TOOL FOR FUTURE REFERENCE. IF YOU HAVE ANY QUESTIONS, The Bostitch N52FNN62FN Flooring Fasteners. Flooring Staples; Flooring Cleats; 15 Gauge" FN" Style Angled Finish Nails Share Print This Page.
Product Specs 15 GA" FN" Style Angled Finish Nails have a coated finish with a chisel point. Use with BOSTITCH tools N59FN, N60FN, N62FN. 15 Gauge" FN" Style Angled Finish Nails; Sku Length Point Bostitch N62FN Pdf User Manuals.
View online or download Bostitch N62FN Operation And Maintenance Manual Bostitch pneumatic hardwood floor staplers and manual flooring nailers are on sale today. Free shipping, fast delivery, great prices. Full line of heavy duty flooring tools for hardwood and engineered tongue and groove flooring. Bostitch hardwood floor nailers and flooring staplers brought to you at discount prices!
Just connect the Bostitch MIIIFS Pneumatic Floor Stapler to your air compressor for 420 inlbs of impact at PSI. A manual strike will activate the firing action with a lightweight FloorGuard graphite mallet, and a 92staple magazine will keep you working without interruption. View and Download Bostitch N52FN operation and maintenance manual online.
INDUSTRIAL OIL FREE ANGLED FINISH NAILERS. N52FN Nail Gun pdf manual download. Also for: N62fn. DeWALT ServiceNET The Official Online store to purchase DeWALT Parts, Porter Cable Parts, Black and Decker Parts, and Devilbiss Parts ServiceNet FAQs; Bostitch FAQs; Find Parts Search by Part# or Model# Parts Lists, Manuals and Diagrams Flooring Staplers LHF2025K Find Parts. other models

########
Rank: 14
Score: 72.972595
Retrieved Text: Bostitch Roll Staples - 3⁄4"
This staple is similar to SWC7437-34 (roll).
Use only with Bostitch Roll Feed Pneumatic Carton Stapler.
May vary between silver and copper.
Performance is the same for both.
LEG LENGTH 19 mm 3/4"
S-2725 - Bostitch Roll Staples - 3⁄4"

########
Rank: 15
Score: 71.66365
Retrieved Text: This plastic stapler is anything but boring. Feature packed, stylish and sleek, and made with the quality you can trust from all Bostitch Office products, this desk accessory is your new go-to for all your stapling tasks. Each stapler easily tackles up to 20 sheets of paper at once, ideal for everyday office work and organization. A rear staple remover wand makes it easy to remove staples from documents without having to rummage around in your desk drawer for an old paper-tearing claw-style remover. When it comes time to refill your stapler, a handy window in the side will let you know you're running low. Then, simply flip the plastic stapler over to grab more staples from the integrated storage compartment! It's just that easy! With other awesome features like the ability to open completely for tacking, a rubber, non-skid base, and antimicrobial protected exterior, this desk accessory is one for the ages!

########
Rank: 16
Score: 71.42459
Retrieved Text: While searching for Best upholstery stapler you may also search the related products they are best pneumatic staple gun, best manual staple gun, best electric staple gun In this article we have listed different brands upholstery stapler they are Porter-Cable Upholstery Stapler,Fasco Upholstery Stapler.
Upholstery staple firearms are extremely helpful to have around the house since they are so adaptable and can be utilized for some different tasks other than reupholstering furniture. The upholstery staple outline is not quite the same as a customary stapler in that it has a nose (where the staples turn out) that tasks out around an inch. Some upholstery staplers have a 2 inch nose.
The more drawn out nose permits the client to get into cleft and little bended lines regularly found on furniture.
When you’re repairing a most loved lounge chair or appreciating a diversion that makes them make something inconceivable, there comes a need to safely join upholstery. Upholstery comes in various evaluations and materials, which implies you require a device that can adjust to your adaptable needs. Check our related product best staple guns.
Right size and strong enough to fire – The Surebonder 9615 pneumatic fine wire staple gun is ideal for upholstery, insulation, roofing felt, house wrap and automotive vinyl. This stapler is just the right size and strong enough to fire into the hardwoods.
Allow the gun to lay safely on its side – Its side fins allow the gun to lay safely on its side, preventing glue back up.
It’s extremely convenient for projects – This model uses the

########
Rank: 17
Score: 71.18271
Retrieved Text: Now that the staples are loaded; it�s time to turn the device on. Plug it into a wall outlet and give it a try. It�s important to ensure that there�s just one staple coming out at a time � if your model is firing multiple staples, it has probably malfunctioned.... Porter-Cable DA250B is an angled finish nailer- it drives 15 gauge brad nails, and won't work with staples. There are some smaller pneumatic tools that can drive both brads or staples, they are typically the smaller 18 gauge fasteners.
Bostitch BTFP71875 � Heavy Duty 3/8? Crown Pneumatic Stapler. I got tired of hand cramping after using a regular hand actuated stapler, and hammer tackers have an unfortunate tendency to chew up your work-piece and put tears in things that shouldn�t have �... Now that the staples are loaded; it�s time to turn the device on. Plug it into a wall outlet and give it a try. It�s important to ensure that there�s just one staple coming out at a time � if your model is firing multiple staples, it has probably malfunctioned.
How to Load a Staple Gun. of the actual items that you are stapling together or are made from with staples. Then, put the magazine back in and plug the Then, put the magazine back in and plug the... Staplers have come a long way, evolving into very useful woodworking tools. Porter Cable (PC), the leader in air-powered woodworking tools, dominates that market segment for good reason: quality, dependability and value for home based and professional

########
Rank: 18
Score: 70.0582
Retrieved Text: Get free shipping on your first order. Subscribe to receive CPO Bostitch emails and they’ll give you free shipping on your very first order. You’ll also get exclusive email deals, pre-sale event access and information on new product launches. If you’re building your tool collection or are a weekend do-it-yourselfer, consider signing up for these savings.
Free shipping starts at $200. You’ll qualify for free economy shipping if your order is over $199. Orders less than that will be charged a flat rate of $6.99 for delivery. If you can’t find a promo code that includes free shipping, then you might want to think about subscribing to their email list in order to get free shipping on your first order.
Save substantially with reconditioned tools. Instead of paying full price for brand new tools, visit their Reconditioned section online where you’ll find quality, factory reconditioned tools at prices that are 20% - 30% lower than if they were purchased new. And purchasing reconditioned tools should be worry-free for you because they offer a 60 day money-back guarantee on all their manufacturer-inspected reconditioned tools.
Buy from the Outlet and save money. Visit the Outlet area online and discover savings on everything from compressors to socket sets. Because the tools in this section are “while available”, you’ll want to act quickly if you find something you’re interested in.
CPO Bostitch sells useful tools like nailers, compressors, hand tools, staplers, power tools and accessories. These products are available at CPOBostitch.com at discounted prices. You also can save money by using your Valpak.com CPO

########
Rank: 19
Score: 68.783714
Retrieved Text: The Lovely Engineered Flooring Stapler Engineered Flooring Stapler Flooring Stapler Also Marble Floor is among the photos that associated with Engineered Flooring Stapler and also was published at February, 2 2017. The specific dimension of Lovely Engineered Flooring Stapler Engineered Flooring Stapler Flooring Stapler Also Marble Floor is 1024 x 685 pixels. You can additionally seek some photos that associated with Flooring by scroll to collection on listed below this image. We published this post to offer the very best motivation for the site visitors of designyourfloors.com.
The Lovely Engineered Flooring Stapler Engineered Flooring Stapler Flooring Stapler Also Marble Floor recommendation additionally consists of bostitch 18 gauge engineered flooring stapler kit, engineered floor stapler home depot, engineered flooring stapler for sale, for your benefit in searching this inspiration more particular. If you intend to discover the other image or short article concerning Engineered Flooring Stapler simply push the gallery or if you are interested in comparable Gallery of Lovely Engineered Flooring Stapler Engineered Flooring Stapler Flooring Stapler Also Marble Floor, you are complimentary to check out search attribute that located on top this page or random post section at listed below of this post.
We wish it can aid you to obtain information of this Lovely Engineered Flooring Stapler Engineered Flooring Stapler Flooring Stapler Also Marble Floor image. Ultimately, thank you for visiting this Floor covering Concepts Web site, and also we invite you to come as many as you like in below.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 67.68314
Retrieved Text: Premium standard staples feature high carbon steel construction. Superior-quality, high carbon steel wire reduces staple buckling and jamming. The fine chiseled points pierce stacks of paper for maximum sheet capacity. Staples are compatible with Bostitch Mini No. 10 Stapler (10K) and Compact Mini No. 10 Stapler (B10-ASST). The staples with 3/16" (4mm) leg length come in mini strips that each contain 50 staples.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 65.54149
Retrieved Text: Nailing or Stapling Down an Engineered Hardwood Floor against squeaking, popping or crackling when using staple-down or nail-down installation methods.
have chosen (Glue Down, Nail Down, or Floating Floor, plus, when applicable, Engineered Hardwood Flooring is approved for use above, on or below grade.
Engineered wood floors are easy to install and resistant to moisture, making them a great alternative to Close up of a toll removing old nails from floor.
Sep 19, 2017 How to Install Engineered Hardwood – Nail Down Method installation so you can enjoy your beautiful hardwood floor for years to come.
Prefinished, engineered wood flooring is an affordable DIY alternative to the pallet of raw hardwood flooring and bang it in with a huge mallet and floor nailer.
Floating Floor vs. Nail Down Slaughterbeck Floors, Inc.
Engineered hardwood flooring eliminates much of the mess and time involved in place with nails or glue, depending on the type of surface it's installed over.
BOSTITCH EHF1838K Engineered Hardwood Flooring Stapler - Power Finish Staplers Amazon's Choice for "floor nailer pneumatic" . The Bostitch EHF1838K makes it easy for you to correctly install hardwood and bamboo flooring.
installed. Flooring that has been installed will be deemed to have been inspected Yes. Sub-floor Type. Nail Down. Glue Down. Floating. (Engineered Only).
Note: Use only a flooring nailer that engages the top profile over the tongue . before installing Shaw Engineered Hardwood flooring using the floating method.
Multi-Layered Core Engineered Hardwood Flooring T&G Installation Instructions. Glue Down .. Wood sub-floors should be well nailed or secured with screws.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 65.10566
Retrieved Text: > What's A Hog Ring Tool Used For?
When you hear the word hog ring, a fastener is probably not the first object that comes to mind. Hog ring tools are not necessarily the most common item in a DIY workshop, but hog rings play an important role in almost everyone's daily life—from the car seat you sit on to wire fencing and mesh bags.
Similar to a staple gun, these tools drive C-shaped collated fasteners or "hog rings," which are used to attach wire, fabric and other materials and lock them in place. You might hear someone refer to a hog ring plier as a bag closing stapler or hog ringer, as these tools are commonly used to close and seal a bag or sack. Hog rings are often used for applications that include automotive seat manufacturing, mattresses, wire cages, and plant and pot tagging.
To maneuver most hog ring tools, set the width of the jaws (when closed), then open the jaws by pulling the handles on the pliers. Affix the hog ring and jaws over the area in need of fastening and squeeze the handles to activate the tool.
Now that we know what a hog ring tool is and how it it's used, let's look at some of the options that are available on the market. For some of the best tools you can buy, look at Bostitch's selection of hog ring tools. Bostitch SC7 Series hog ring tools (as shown, above) are time tested, and have a strong track record for optimal performance. These hog

########
Rank: 23
Score: 65.07711
Retrieved Text: Another great deal from CPO !
I've been using this for subfloor and it's worked amazingly well. I like that it don't use oil which helps keep things clean.
I bought this gun (refurbished) from CPO to install some board and batten on a treehouse my friend is building. We shot over 3000 staples and we did not have even ONE MISFIRE OR JAM!
This little staple gun is amazing! Plenty of kick, lightweight, i know it sounds funny to be so excited about the little belt hook, but working on a ladder 20-30 feet off the ground that little hook saved me!
The design is great, easy to load, plenty of power. It s nice to have a case to protect it too.
I have recommended Bostitch guns and CPO to my friends, and I will recommend again!
Purchase was easy with fast delivery for a quality product.
Very good product supper price.
I own a Custom Cabinet Shop I have 10 bostich products very good and dependable tools,The Bostich stapler is light weight, the one thing that I would change on the tool is the lock mechanism.
light, easy to use, no hang ups.
I use this 1/4" crown stapler for putting together door and window casing and attaching them to jambs. Also for 1/4" panels.
Product comes as advertised. Looks brand new. Does not come with 1/4" NPT air fitting is only con. Which isn't really that bad considering the price.
can i use 1/4 crown staples in 7/32 stapler?
Can I use any 7/32 crown 1.5" 18 gauge staples?
BEST ANSWER: Yes, any brand can be

########
Rank: 24
Score: 64.66243
Retrieved Text: See our latest Tools. Come see us for more info.
1/2" impact hammer drill keyless chuck. $29.99.
Bostitch air nailer / stapler. $15.00.
Bolens by MTD Riding lawn mower with a 38″ cut with mulch kit attached and the Briggs & Stratton 15.5hp OHV I/C engine, and it runs great.
Portercable air nailer / stapler 18 gauge 1 3/8' brad nailer. $25.00.
Makita disc sander 4.2 amp, 4500 RPM. $8.00.
Titan knife with display. $44.00.
Antique Wood Hand planer. $25.00.
5 lug trailer tires size is 5.30/12: $35.00 each.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 64.50831
Retrieved Text: X Acto Boston Squeeze Stand Up Stapler Clamshell EPI73062 $6.69 Stapler stands vertically on desktop for easy access, high visibility and space savings. Ergonomically designed soft grip to comfortably fit in hand. Floating inner channel reduces jamming. Stapler fastens up to 12 sheets of paper. Accepts half strip of standard staples.
Aalib aaliyah aall aalto aam.
Escribe Huaroto colaborador de ARKIV.
X Acto 1 Precision Knife with Cap Light Weight 1 Blade. Home About me Collection Articles Auction and Show News Antique Portfolio TynieToy For Sale Notebook Contact Us. Hand Nail Manicure Pedicure Wholesale Wholesale Nail Supplies Acrylic Gel Nail Polish Nail More. If you don't have the Adobe reader you can download it ahead of time from the Adobe Web site.
ELMERS X Acto Squeeze Stand Up Clamshell Stapler. Get the X Acto Boston Squeeze Stand Up best deal for Desk Accessories from the largest online selection. Mini StandUp Stapler Squeeze StandUp Stapler Grip Stapler Ultimate StandUp Stapler. Korics is a company that dreams come true and respects your thoughts. X ACTO is a great brand and every desk ought to have one but it.
X ACTO Boston Electric Stapler with Anti Jam Mechanism 1. Jump directly to links further down on this page Canadian Government Links Canada Mortgage and Housing Corporation CMHC Homelessness Partnering Strategy Links to Provincial and Territorial Affordable Housing Websites Agreements and Public Reporting. Perth Australia. Tiempo en que a pesar de dictadura con censuras las radios eran medio de entretenimiento y novedades tiempo en que las emisoras de AM estaban m s cerca de la

########
Rank: 26
Score: 61.96875
Retrieved Text: The Skrebba W115 is a Heavy-Duty Stapler that can be used as both a Flat and Saddle Stapler. The W115 Skrebba Heavy Duty Stapler is a Manual Stapler that converts from a Flat Stapler to Saddle Stapler in seconds. It's powerful, manual lever-action makes assembling manuals, catalogs and brochures almost effortless.
Binds up to 55 sheets of 20 lb. bond at a time or 220 pages.
Length of spine that can be stapled - unlimited.
Accepts only 1/4 Inch (W118-D), 5/16 Inch (W118-A), 3/8 Inch (W118-E) and i/2 Inch (W118-B) heavy duty staples which are available on this website.
This equipment is suitable for fast small jobs. Its ease of use and transportability makes it very versatlie (in very sophisticated workshop or a grage without electicity) you still can do the job. Make sure to use the right staples - they make using the machine a breeze.
Write a review for Skrebba - Lassco W115 Heavy Duty, Flat and Saddle Manual Stapler.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 61.00832
Retrieved Text: Contractors have to replace the o-rings in their staplers and nail guns periodically because damaged o-rings can lead to air leaks. If you find that your nailer or stapler isn’t performing at its peak, its o-rings might be in need of replacement.
Step 1: Make sure you have all of the necessary tools and equipment.
The Bostitch MIIIFS and MIIIFN each come with a special kit for replacing the tool’s o-rings, as well as a repair kit. These kits contain all of the tools you need to perform this repair. Need a new o-ring kit for your Botitch MIII? Click here to buy one online.
With most other nailers and staplers, you can use standard tools for the o-ring replacement process.
Step 2: Disassemble the entire nailer/stapler from the top down.
To remove the top cap, take out the four allen head screws. Take out the three screws on the poppet actuator to remove the actuator. Then remove the shoe base to access the bumper.
Step 3: Remove the poppet from the piston stem mechanism.
If you’re working on a Bostitch MIIIFS or MIIIFN, use the special wrenches included in the tool’s kit to perform this step.
Step 4: Remove the external and internal o-rings located on each part, and thoroughly clean all of the parts.
You want to clean all of the parts using tool oil in order to remove any grease, dirt, and debris that has built up over time. You should also take this opportunity to inspect each individual part for damage, because leaving a damaged part in your tool can really

########
Rank: 28
Score: 60.694443
Retrieved Text: alligator staple remover lobster claw staple remover makes sense staple shark staple remover.
alligator staple remover custom staple remover inkheadcom snake staple remover.
alligator staple remover snake staple remover.
alligator staple remover stapler stapler whale whale stapler whales dtl fs3gm alligator staple remover.
alligator staple remover s top by the gift shop to see what you can find this unique alligator staple remover is available at staple shark staple remover.
alligator staple remover t rex stapler remover cool material shark staple remover.
alligator staple remover jac zagoory stapler remover penboutiquecom pen boutique ltd jac zagoory dragons breath staple removerthe jac zagoory dragons breathe staple remover when it comes to creativity and ingenuity there is absolutely no.
alligator staple remover professional staple removers nail puller with rubber handle multi hand tool new 2017 shark staple remover.
alligator staple remover photo via 10news shop mpg letter openerstaple remover.
alligator staple remover all wild jaws alligator crocodile funny teeth staple remover office supplies new shark staple remover.
alligator staple remover get quotations bostitch easy staple remover black 40000 snake staple remover.
alligator staple remover electric staple remover office mate letter opener and staple remover goimprints office mate letter opener and staple remover.
alligator staple remover novelty guardian dragon staple remover office desktop stationery 325 inch l staple removers american stationer buddy jr stapler.
alligator staple remover staple remover animals crocodile alligator staple remover.
alligator staple remover head chute staple remover alligator staple remover.
alligator staple remover key chain with letter slitter and stapler remover crocodile staple remover.
alligator staple remover stainless steel alligator belt lacing staple staple shark staple remover.
alligator staple remover novelty lone wolf

########
Rank: 29
Score: 60.403984
Retrieved Text: solar white string lights solar string lights red white blue feet long with green wire solar white led string lights cheapest solar string lights.
window heat air conditioning units window air conditioner features home ideas magazine uk home ideas magazine sioux falls.
hardwood floor staple gun hardwood floor nail gun hardwood floor and power marvelous ideas hardwood floor stapler pneumatic mallet actuated hardwood floor staple gun rental bostitch hardwood floor nai.
solar exhaust fans round back solar attic fan 1 solar exhaust fans for sheds solar powered vent fans.

================



======= Instance Index 7051 =========
Input Text: If a description of a situation begins like this: [header] How to reduce frizz in wavy hair [title] Shampoo and condition with sulfate-free products. [step] Sodium laureth sulfate and sodium lauryl sulfate are common ingredients in shampoos and conditioners, but sulfates can damage hair and cause frizz. If your current products include these ingredients, replace them.... Then how
does it continue? 

Ending 1: Wash and dry your hair as you normally would, but shampoo and condition it as you would your regular hair. Hair needs to be conditioned from the roots to the tips, although being pressured to shampoo and condition increases frizz in hair.

Ending 2: Look for new products that list glycerin as one of the top ingredients, since glycerin can deeply hydrate and protect your hair. Avoid shampoos that advertise as " clarifying "-these will strip moisture from your hair.

Ending 3: [substeps] Never shampoo, since the resulting chemicals can cause frizz. Excessive sulfates may leave a lasting damage on your hair.

Ending 4: [substeps] Aim for shampoo with sulfates-free ingredients. Check the " hair products included " section of your package of shampoo and conditioners.

Target Text: Ending 2

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 103.745926
Retrieved Text: Prep for salon perfection. The first step for smooth curls. Infused with Abyssinian Oil.
Infused with Abyssinian Oil, this shampoo for curly hair is the first step to create soft, defined curls that defy frizz, every single day. Moisturises and smoothes the hair cuticle while in the shower. Expertly designed for wavy-curly hair types and suitable for all levels of frizz. Safe for colour-treated hair.
Apply shampoo to wet hair, lather, rinse well. Follow with Frizz Ease® Dream Curls® Conditioner.
Aqua, Sodium Laureth Sulfate, Coco-glucoside, Cocamidopropyl Betaine, Glycol Distearate, Cetyl Alcohol, Parfum, Cocamide Mea, Dimethicone, Polyquaternium-10, Benzyl Alcohol, Disodium Edta, Ppg-9, Glycine, Malic Acid, Polyquaternium-39, Laureth-23, Laureth-4, Sodium Chloride, Crambe Abyssinica, Methylchloroisothiazolinone, Sodium Hydroxide, Methylisothiazolinone.
How is Frizz Ease® Dream Curls® Shampoo different from other Frizz Ease® shampoos?

########
Rank: 1
Score: 88.976166
Retrieved Text: Boost hair's lift and body with Redken's High Rise Volume Lifting Shampoo & Conditioner bundle, a pair of volumising formulas that work together to cleanse and condition whilst lifting fine, flat, lifeless hair.
Infused with a blend of volume-boosting Filloxane and Silicone Polymers, the shampoo gently sloughs away dirt, impurities and grease. Lifting from the root, the treatment improves body, texture and visible fullness.
Formulated to build body, the weightless conditioner moisturises and detangles to leave hair smooth and easier to manage. Silicone and softening polymers encourage lift and reduce frizz, leaving locks silky soft with a mirror-like shine.
Apply shampoo to wet hair, massage into lather and rinse thoroughly. Follow with conditioner, distribute evenly and rinse thoroughly.
Shampoo: Aqua/Water, Sodium Laureth Sulfate, Coco-Betaine, Sodium Lauryl Sulfate, Sodium Chloride, Glycol Distearate, Hexylene Glycol, Parfum/Fragrance, Aminopropyl Triethoxysilance, Acrylates Copolymer, Hydroxypropyl Guar Hydroxypropyltrimonium Chloride, Alcohol Denat., Polyquaternium-30, Citric Acid, Benzyl Alcohol, Linalool, Hexyl Cinnamal, Magnesium Nitrate, Alpha-Isomethyl Ionone, Limonene, Methylchloroisothiazolinone, Magnesium Chloride, Methylisothiazolinone, Sodium Hydroxide.
Conditioner: Aqua/Water, Cetearyl Alcohol, Behentrimonium Chloride, Aminopropyl Triethoxysilane, Starch Acetate, Parfum/Fragrance, Cetyl Esters, Isopropyl Alcohol, Phenoxyethanol, Lactic Acid, Hydroxyethylcellulose, Benzyl Alcohol, Linalool, Chlorhexidine Digluconate, Hexyl Cinnamal, Alpha-Isomethyl Ionone.
Redken High Rise Volume Lifting Shampoo & High Rise Lifting Conditioner. Great products, after using the shampoo and conditioner hair clean, thick and dense. Would recommend. Really like will be ordering more.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 88.93259
Retrieved Text: Liquid Keratin™ Infusing Healthy Hair De-Frizz Shampoo gently cleans hair while drenching it with keratin proteins for improved strength, shine and manageability. Moisturizes as it protects hair from sun damage, leaving even frizzy hair silky smooth.
Developed for all hair types and suitable for natural or color treated hair. All Liquid Keratin™ aftercare products help prolong and improve the results of all Liquid Keratin smoothing treatments and are paraben and sodium chloride free.
SKU: 001. Categories: Ancillaries, De-Frizz Shampoo.
Water, ammonium lauryl sulfate, aloe barbadensis leaf extract, cocoamidopropyl betain, ammonium laureth sulfate, PEG 150 distearate, keratin, panthanol, polyquaternium-10, cetrimonium chloride, glyceryl stearate SE, fragrance, polysilicone-15, disodium EDTA, methyl alcohol, caprylyl glycol, methylisothiazolinone.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 84.008385
Retrieved Text: No knots can resist the 2 in 1 formula of L'Oreal Kids.
L'Oreal Kids is so gentle, it's tear free!
L'Oreal Kids is so detangling!
No knots can resist the 2 in 1 formula of L'Oreal Kids. Its creamy formula helps condition dry hair and split ends leaving hair soft and manageable.
L'Oreal Kids smells so good.
With L'Oreal Kids special SO STRAWBERRY SHAMPOO, extra cotton candy soft formula, it's nice to wash your hair.
With its soft bottle, it's easy to hold. It's fun to shampoo!
Wet your hair, squeeze a burst into your palm. Apply shampoo, lather up. Rinse clean.
Caution: Do not swallow. Keep out of reach of infants, unless supervised. In case of contact with your eyes, rinse immediately.
Aqua, Sodium Llaureth Sulfate, PEG-200 Hydrogenated Glyceryl Palmate, Disodium Cocoamphodiacetate, PEG-30 Glyceryl Cocoate, Glycol Distearate, PEG-7 Glyceryl Cocoate Hexylene Glycol, Cl 17200, Sodium Laureth-8 Sulfate, Sodium Methylparaben, DMDM Hydantoin, Sodium Oleth Sulfate, Magnesium Laureth-8 Sulfate, Magenseium Oleth Sulfate, Polyquaternium-10, Tartaric Acid, Disodium Ricinoleamido Mea-sulfocussinate, Methylparaben, Parum (F.I.L. C15830/1).

########
Rank: 4
Score: 82.26182
Retrieved Text: Sodium laureth sulfate, or SLES, is a widely used detergent present in many shampoos and personal care items. This compound can be irritating to the eyes and skin, and may contain the carcinogen dioxane. The Cosmetic, Toiletry and Fragrance Association discourage SLES for prolonged use, unless in extremely low concentrations. According to a U.S. Environmental Protection Agency study, sodium laureth sulfate applied above a 5 percent concentration produced severe irritation, hair loss and death in laboratory animals. Despite controversy, SLES is a commonly used compound.
The Campaign for Safe Cosmetics maintains that sodium laureth sulfate requires processing with other chemicals to reduce harshness. Ethylene oxide applied to SLES can result in 1,4-dioxane--a U.S. Environmental Protection Agency known carcinogen. Acute inhalation exposure ranging from a few minutes to a few hours, causes headache, vertigo and irritation to the eyes, nose, throat and lungs. The Campaign for Safe Cosmetics recommends avoiding products that list sodium laureth sulfate, including sodium myreth sulfate, as an ingredient. Although many personal care product manufacturers insist that only a little amount of 1,4-dioxane is present in items such as baby shampoo and body wash, it is prudent to recognize that exposure to this carcinogen may pose a threat to your health.
For example, long-term ingestion of 1,4-dioxane in rats caused cancer, tumors, kidney and liver damage. Some oral hygiene products such as toothpaste contain SLES. Long-term oral exposure increased tumor appearances in both humans and rats. The Agency for Toxic Substances and Disease registry states that long-term skin exposure mainly effects the liver and the

########
Rank: 5
Score: 81.557014
Retrieved Text: Gentle Conditioning Shampoo Is Filled With Natural Conditioning And Active Ingredients. This Shampoo Cleanses, Fortifies And Protects Your Hair, Even Color-Treated. This Extremely Gentle Plant-Based Formula Is Perfect For Frequent Use On Even The Most Sensitive Hair. Grape Vinegar And Grape-Seed Extract Give Your Hair Lightness, Shine And Brilliance. In Case Of Contact With Eyes, Rinse Well With Water.
For Anyone Desiring Ultra-Shiny, Super Soft Hair With The Delicate Scent Of Fleur De Vigne®.
For Anyone Looking For A Sodium Laureth Sulfate Free Shampoo.
Main Ingredients: Grape-Seed Oil, Jojoba Oil, Sunflower Oil Extract, Wheat Proteins, Vine Vinegar..
Our Cosm-Ethics: 0% Parabens, Phenoxyethanol, Sodium Laureth Sulfate, Artificial Colorings, Animal Ingredients? No Animal Testing.
Ideal For Daily Use, Lather Into The Scalp And Rinse Off. This Shampoo Promotes Detangling.
For Those With Very Dry Hair, Apply A Conditioner After Using The Shampoo.
Gentle Conditioning Shampoo is filled with natural conditioning and active ingredients. This shampoo cleanses, fortifies and protects your hair, even color-treated. This extremely gentle plant-based formula is perfect for frequent use on even the most sensitive hair. Grape vinegar and Grape-seed extract give your hair lightness, shine and brilliance. In case of contact with eyes, rinse well with water. Who is it for? For anyone desiring ultra-shiny, super soft hair with the delicate scent of Fleur De Vigne®. For anyone looking for a Sodium Laureth Sulfate free shampoo. Main Ingredients: Grape-Seed Oil, Jojoba Oil, Sunflower Oil Extract, Wheat Proteins, Vine Vinegar.. Our Cosm-Ethics: 0% Parabens, Phenoxyethanol, Sodium Laureth Sulfate, Artificial Colorings, Animal Ingredients? No Animal Testing. When? How? Ideal for daily use, lather

########
Rank: 6
Score: 81.26027
Retrieved Text: The top-selling Extreme hair strengthening products have been reformulated to deliver advanced strengthening and repair to distressed hair. Extreme shampoo, conditioner and mega mask are powered by RCT Protein Complex - a revolutionary new delivery system that brings protein to the core of the hair fiber—and powerful Fortifying Complex, Extreme restores internal strength, rebuilds surface protection and helps prevent breakage.
Color Extend Magnetics is a sulfate-free line of color care protection products. The Color Extend Magnetics system makes hair feel fortified and repaired for a reflective looking finish. The Color Extend Magnetics Shampoo, Conditioner and Mega Mask are now powered by RCT Protein Complex to captivate color for 4 weeks of vibrancy and radiance.
High Rise Volume creates polished lift for a big, voluminous hairstyle that rises above the rest. Beach Envy Volume gives you gorgeous, loose wavy hair with amazing body and soft texture....no sand required. Great for fine/flat hair or all hair types.
Winner of the 2014 American Salon Best Curl Line Award. Curvaceous wavy and curly hair care and styling products are specially formulated to bring out the best in every curl. Redken's exclusive Curl Memory Complex and the Interlock Protein Network (IPN) strengthen and moisturize hair and reactive curls and waves for increased manageability, frizz control and amazing shine.
Diamond Oil for dry and damaged hair, utilizes an exclusive formula of silicone free hair oils that include camelina oil, coriander oil, apricot oil, olive oil, jojoba oil, coconut oil and others to strengthen hair from the inside-out. Results are unprecedented strength and shine. Through Redken’s exclusive

########
Rank: 7
Score: 80.463524
Retrieved Text: Imagine that you’ve just spent a fortune on a piece of clothing and you want to keep it in perfect condition and wear it for as long as possible. How would you wash it? In a washing machine with a cheap detergent that contains aggressive ingredients? Or handwash it with a detergent that’s more expensive, but gentler and more pure?
Now, for your hair: You’ve just spent a fortune (and many hours!) on a new hair colour and you want to keep it looking fresh for as long as possible. How would you wash your hair? With a cheap shampoo that contains aggressive ingredients or with a gentler, purer but more expensive shampoo?
As for with your clothes, the lifetime of your new hair colour will be affected by washing, depending on your choice of shampoo. More importantly, depending on the ingredients of that shampoo. To maximize the lifetime of your new colour, there are several ingredients to avoid as they can be aggressive and wash out a new colour.
In cosmetic hair science, there are objective ways of measuring the damaging effect of a shampoo on hair. Two such measures are: (1) the loss of protein (mainly keratin) generated by the shampoo and (2) the amount of trans-epidermal water loss through damages caused to the lipid barrier of skin. In other words, the amount of water lost through the skin due to damage.
When choosing a shampoo to preserve a dye job, there are three families of ingredients to avoid because they all score very badly on the aggressivity

########
Rank: 8
Score: 80.01265
Retrieved Text: Unlock the professional secret to beautiful hair with Ion Care professional. Anti-Frizz Shampoo is for frizzy, unmanageable hair, specially formulated with a luxurious blend of vitamin E, macadamia and crambe seed oil, this nourishing cleanser helps to fight frizz, detangle and smooth hair to leave it feeling beautifully soft, sleek and manageable.
Aqua (Water), Sodium Laureth Sulfate, Sodium Chloride, Propylene Glycol, Cocamidopropyl Betaine, Dicaprylyl Ether, Guar trimonium Chloride, Lauryl Alcohol, Glycol Distearate, Cocamide Mea, Silicone Quaternium-16, Panthenol, Cocodimonium Hydrolyzed Wheat Protein, Hydrolyzed Soy Protein, Crambe Abyssinica Seed Oil, Macadamia Ternifolia Seed Oil, Tocopheryl Acetate, Benzophenone-3, Benzophenone-4, Parfum (Fragrance), Butylphenyl Methylpropion Careal, Citronellol, Limonene, Laureth-10, Citric Acid, Undeceth-11, Undeceth-5, Butyloctanol, Sodium Benzoate, Phenoxyethanol, Methylchloroisothiazolinone, Methylisothiazolinone, Iodopropynyl Butylcarbamate, Potassium Sorbate.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 78.40144
Retrieved Text: The Recharge Moisture Shampoo from Lock Stock & Barrel has been developed to leave the hair and scalp looking and feeling healthy. Ideal for those with thick, dry or frizz-prone hair, the refreshing shampoo has been formulated with natural polymers and powerful humectants that trap moisture in the hair shaft for intense hydration.
A combination of conditioning agents cleanse hair from root to tip to remove dirt and grime, before sealing the cuticle for a smooth and shiny finish. Hair is left calm, healthy and manageable.
Suitable for vegans and cruelty-free. Free from parabens and phthalates.
Water (Aqua) (Eau), Sodium Laureth Sulfate, Cocamidopropyl Betaine, Glycol Stearate, Cocamide DEA, Sodium Chloride, Polyquaternium-10, Parfum (Fragrance), Citral, Citronellol, Hexyl Cinnamal, Limonene, Linalool, Hydroxyisohexyl 3-Cyclohexene Carboxaldehyde, Hydroxycitronellal, Farnesol, Geraniol, Eugenol, Phenoxyethanol, Chlorphenesin.
Massage into damp hair and leave for 2-3 minutes before rinsing. Avoid contact with eyes.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 77.88749
Retrieved Text: No acid rinse or conditioner needed!
Amla powder helps cure dandruff and prevent hair loss too by strengthening hair follicles and giving your hair a glow.
It comes in a recyclable tin, however, I will do refills soon! Also, you can find so much use for these tins! Remember to reuse :).
This highly-concentrated shampoo bar weighs roughly 70g (2.47oz) which represents 45 – 50 washes, of course, it depends on your hair length and is similar in usage to 450-500ml (15.2 – 16.9oz) of liquid shampoo.
A solid shampoo is gentler to your hair and scalp. It does not contain any propylene glycol, parabens, phthalates, Sodium Lauryl Sulfate (SLS), Sodium Laureth Sulfate (SLES), silicones or artificial fragrances, colourants and preservatives.
Sodium Lauryl Sulfoacetate, also known as SLSA – leaves pleasant & silky feeling on your skin which prevents it from drying out or becoming damaged after washing in contrast to the commonly used SLS (Sodium Lauryl Sulphate) or SLES (Sodium Laureth Sulfate) which are not approved for natural cosmetics. Both of them are of natural origin.
Wet your hair. Stroke the solid shampoo down it a few times to lather it up, or rub the shampoo between your hands to create a foam. Gently massage it into the scalp and hair, as you would with a liquid shampoo.
Rinse out and condition if your hair would like a little extra love.
Please do not allow the shampoo to sit in water between uses. Store in a dry place, ideally in the soap dish.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 77.76098
Retrieved Text: Pureology Smooth Perfection Shampoo gently cleanses and smoothes color treated hair. This sulfate free shampoo provides anti-frizz protection, improves manageability, and eases blow drying. Smooth Perfection Shampoo includes Camellia Oil, Vitamin E Oil, and Pureology's AntiFade Complex to nourish, strengthen, and provide the ultimate color protection for color treated hair.
Aqua/Water/Eau, Sodium Cocoyl Isethionate, Sodium Lauryl, Sulfoacetate, Disodium Laureth Sulfosuccinate, Sodium Lauroyl Sarcosinate, Cocamidopropyl Betaine, Glycol Distearate, Divinyldimethicone/Dimethicone Copolymer, Glycereth-26, Decyl Glucoside, Parfum/Fragrance, Sodium Isethionate, Coconut Acid, PPG-5-Ceteth-20, Polyquaternium-7, Sodium Chloride, Amodimethicone, Polyquaternium-10, PEG-55 Propylene Glycol Oleate, Propylene Glycol, Carbomer, C11-15 Pareth-7, Benzoic Acid, Sesamum Indicum Oil/Sesame Seed Oil, Benzophenone-4, Butyrospermum Parkii Butter/Shea Butter, Camellia Oleifera Seed Oil, Laureth-9, Linalool, Glycerin, Benzyl Alcohol, C12-13 Pareth-23, Tocopherol, C12-13 Pareth-3, Trideceth-12, Geraniol, Sodium Benzoate, Citronellol, Benzyl Salicylate, Hydrolyzed Vegetable Protein PG-Propyl Sil Anetriol, Eugenol, Pelargonium Graveolens Oil/Pelargonium Graveolens Flower Oil, Ascorbic Acid, Limonene, Helianthus Annuus Seed Extract/Sunflower Seed Extract, Methylchloroisothiazolinone, Melanin, CI 15510/Orange 4, Methylisothiazolinone, CI 14700/Red 4, Citric Acid, Sodium Hydroxide.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 77.29042
Retrieved Text: Many shampoo and haircare products contain harmful chemicals and toxic surfectants that are now linked with cancer and other serious, chronic disease.
Argital’s Hair Care range are 100% natural and free from toxic ingredients such as Sodium Lauryl Sulfate/Sodium Laureth Sulfate (SLS), Triclosan, Polysorbates and Retinyl Palmitate.
Formulated with green clay gel, herbal extracts and pure essential oils, Argital’s Hair Care range clean, fortify and revitalise your hair, retain its natural oils, without stripping or damaging your hair.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 76.614685
Retrieved Text: Do you happen to have curly or wavy hair that is difficult to manage? Have no fear! Discover now the best hair products for curly hair that will define and make your curls, waves, and coils more beautiful!
The secret of achieving the most perfect curls is moisture and hydration. Use this sulfate-free leave in conditioner to help hydrate your curls.
Most people try to stray away from mousse because of all those dreadful bad hair days from the 80s. However, this alcohol-free mousse will not leave your hair stiff and sticky, and instead, it will provide frizz control to your curls.
This conditioning product is a great alternative to hair gel, which can reduce your hair into a sticky mess. Fused with natural ingredients like shea butter, this products will tame frizz, flyaways, and give you soft and defined curls.
Finding the right shampoo for curly hair is a difficult task. The golden rule is to avoid anything with sulfate listed as an ingredient. Instead of scanning all the shelves, trying to find the best hair product for curly hair, buy shampoo this instead. Aveda’s Be Curly Shampoo gently cleanses your hair without stripping your hair of moisture. It also helps give your curls a nice sheen.
5. DevaCurl No-Poo Original Zero Lather Conditioning Cleanser.
Devacurl has an entire line of products dedicated to taming and defining curls. One product that stands out is its conditioning cleanser. Those with very dry curls usually co-wash their hair (using conditioner only) but this product thoroughly cleanses your hair to get rid of scalp

########
Rank: 14
Score: 76.28754
Retrieved Text: Phytolisse Shampoo leaves the hair smooth, easy to style and protected from heat for up to 48 hours after use. It is formulated to ease frizz, tame flyaways and straighten hair while enriching the follicles with natural, healthy ingredients. Hibiscus and calendula flower are added within the formula to hydrate and soften the hair while providing shine. Pine pulp is added to expedite the blow-drying process and protect the hair from humidity and environmental factors. This botanical shampoo is ideal for controlling and straightening frizzy hair. It is formulated without parabens, synthetic dyes, petrochemicals, phthalates, GMOs and triclosan. For best results, use in conjuction with Phytolisse Mask.
Apply to wet hair, massage through and rinse out. Use on a daily basis with Phytolisse Mask for best results.
Water, Calendula Officinalis Flower Extract, Sodium Laureth Sulfate, Cocamidopropyl Betaine (Derived From Coconut Oil), Polyacrylate-1 Crosspolymer, Sodium Lauroyl Sarcosinate, Cocamide Mipa, Glycol Cetearate, Peg-15 Cocopolyamine (Derived From Coconut Oil), Hibiscus Sabdariffa Flower Extract, Sodium Laureth-11 Carboxylate, Laureth-10 (Derived From Coconut Oil, Glycerin, Polyquaternium-10 (Derived From Cellulose), Xylitol (Derived From Bran, Cellulose, Straw), Zanthoxylum Alatum Fruit Extract, Lactitol (Derived from milk), Panthenol (Pro vitamin b5), Polyquaternium-70 (Pine Pulp Extract), Fragrance / Parfum, Peg-55, Propylene Glycol, Oleate, Dipropylene Glycol, Citric Acid, Lauryl Pyrrolidone, Sodium Chloride, Propylene Glycol, Tetrasodium EDTA, Benzalkonium Chloride, Sodium Benzoate, Phenoxyethanol, Methylchloroisothiazolinone, Methylisothiazolinone.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 76.2569
Retrieved Text: Sulfates, essentially, are what make shampoos turn into a thick lather in the shower. This ingredient, which is standard for most shampoo (and household cleaning) products, has additionally come under attack for causing hair damage. The ingredients that are responsible for that extra lather, sodium lauryl sulfate and sodium laureth sulfate, don't add nutrients to strands and are not in the formulas typically labeled as sulfate-free.
Sulfates are an ingredient commonly found in various shampoos and bubble baths. When it comes to shampoo, they produce a lathering effect that aids in removing dirt and debris from your hair. They are responsible for creating that sudsy effect that helps you work your shampoo into a rich lather and for creating that foaming texture that helps you clean your hair and scalp.
As effective as they are in ridding your hair of dirt, sulfates can also strip your hair of essential natural oils. One of the benefits of using a sulfate-free shampoo is that your strands won’t lose their natural, healthy shine. Lock in some extra moisture by using Love Beauty and Planet Sulfate-Free Shea Butter & Sandalwood Shampoo, which is known to hydrate your hair for next-level moisture.
Unfortunately, sulfates can wreak havoc on many different hair types. If you have colored hair, you might notice your color looking faded and lackluster after using a sulfate shampoo. Stick to a sulfate-free option like Love Beauty and Planet Sulfate-Free Murumuru Butter & Rose Shampoo to keep your color looking vibrant and glossy.
Sulfates can be super drying for some hair types, which

########
Rank: 16
Score: 75.587814
Retrieved Text: View cart “Neocell – Super Collagen +C (Type 1 & 3) Tablet by 120” has been added to your cart.
Treat dandruff and dry scalp issues with Selsun Blue Medicated with Menthol Dandruff Shampoo. It is formulated to control the flaking, scaling and itching of the scalp caused by dandruff and seborrheic dermatitis. This Selsun Blue medicated shampoo is also enriched with menthol for an added cooling sensation.
Warning Text: For external use only. Ask a doctor before use if you have seborrheic dermatitis in areas other than the scalp. When using this product: – avoid contact with eyes. If contact occurs, rinse eyes thoroughly with water. -For color-treated or permed hair, rinse thoroughly. Stop use And ask a doctor if condition worsens or does not improve after regular use Of this product as directed. Keep out Of reach Of children. If swallowed, get medical help or contact a poison control center right away.
Inactive Ingredients: Water, ammonium lauryl sulfate, tea lauryl sulfate, ammonium laureth sulfate, cocamidopropyl betaine, magnesium aluminum silicate, fragrance, menthol, cocamide dea, DMDM hydantoin, citric acid, hydroxypropyl methylcellulose, FD&C blue no. 1, d&c red no. 33, sodium citrate, sodium chloride.
Ingredients: Active Ingredient: Selenium Sulfide. Inactive Ingredients: Water, Ammonium Lauryl Sulfate, Tea Lauryl Sulfate, Ammonium Laureth Sulfate, Cocamidopropyl Betaine, Magnesium Aluminum Silicate, Fragrance, Menthol, Cocamide Dea, Dmdm Hydantoin, Citric Acid, Hydroxypropyl Methylcellulose, Fd&C Blue No. 1, D&C Red No. 33, Sodium Citrate, Sodium Chloride.
Instructions: Directions: -shake well. -Shampoo, then rinse thoroughly. -For best results, use at least twice a week or as directed by a doctor.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 75.458534
Retrieved Text: Cleansing Face Wash. 50ml. Handmade in our English workshop, this natural face wash uses the natural cleaning power of essential oils and citrus fruit.
Shampoo and Body Cleanser. 50ml. Also handmade in our workshop, we add coconut oil (to thoroughly clean and condition hair) and a hint of refreshing mint.
Hair Wax. 15ml. Made with beeswax and coconut oil for a firm, non-clumpy hold.
Disposable toothbrush. Cleverly designed so that the brush head is stored within the handle - ideal for keeping in a sports bag.
Cleansing Face Wash: Aqua, Sodium Laureth Sulfate, Propylene Glycol, Sodium Choride, Cocamine Oxide, Cocamidopropyl Betaine, Nitrate, Magnesium Chloride, Methylchoroisothliazolinome, Methylizothiazolinone, Citru kimon, Mentha piperata.
Shampoo and Body Cleanser: Aqua, Sodium Laureyl Sarcosinate, Cocumidopropyl Betaine, Lauryl Glucoside, Glycerin PEG/PPG-120/10, Laureth-2, Coco-Clucoside, Glyteryl Oleate, Tocophyerol, Panthenal, Citric Acid, Benzyl Alcohol, Phemoxyethanol, Potassium Sorbate, Sodium Benzoate, Citrus aurantifolia, Ocimum basilcum.
Hair Wax: Beeswax (Cera Alba), Coconut Oil (Cocos Nucifera), Vitamin E (Tocopherol).
Toothpaste: Glycerin, aluminium hydroxide, water silica, aroma (flavour), cellutose gum, titanium dioxide, sodium lauryl sulfate, sodium saccharin, sodium citrate, citric acid, eugenol limonene, benzyl alcohol (30ml).

########
Rank: 18
Score: 75.41773
Retrieved Text: Alba Botanica Style Cream Soft Hold Fragrance Free. Botanical shampoo enriched with natural extracts made for all types of natural and color-treated hair. Discover nourishing aloe vera, coconut oil and vitamin E on your hair. No harmful chemical ingredients, only botanical oils and plant proteins. Fragrance free shampoo safe for color treated hair.
Made with Rosemary (Rosmarinus officinalis), this woody herb contains natural antioxidants. Patented Green Tea extract delivers concentrated polyphenols for potent antioxidant defense to help protect hair against sun and environmental damage and reduce color fading.
Free Of Sodium Lauryl sulfate or sodium laureth sulfate, paraben preservatives or phthalates, artificial colors or silicones.
Ingredients : Purified water, VP/VA copolymer, behentrimonium methosulfate, cetearyl alcohol, cocos nucifera (coconut) oil, vegetable glycerin, tocopherol (vitamin E), guar hydroxypropyltrimonium chloride, camellia sinensis (green tea) extract, certified organic extracts of aloe barbadensis leaf, lavandula angustifolia (lavender), melissa officinalis and chamomilla recutita (matricaria), citric acid, polyquaternium-10, phenoxyethanol.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 75.32244
Retrieved Text: Maintain the condition of your hair after smoothing with La Brasiliana UNO Keratin After Treatment Shampoo. Sodium free. Contains keratin, the essential protein for damaged hair. Will also prolong the life of your colour. Works with any Smoothing Treatment, Brazilian Blow-Dry or Semi-Permanent Blow Dry. It is also an excellent product for anyone with damaged hair. Supplied in a 250ml bottle.
Apply a small amount to wet hair, lather and rinse. Repeat only if you feel necessary.
Water (Aqua) (Eau), Ammonium Laurel Sulfate, Ammonium Laureth Sulfate, Glycol Distearate, Cocamide Mea, Ammonium Xylenesulfonate, Cocamidopropyl Hydroxysultaine, Hydrolysed Keratin, Hydrolysed Collagen, Panthenol, Tocopheryl Acetate (Vit E), Guar trimonium Chloride, Propylene Glycol, Diazolidinyl Urea, Methylparaben, Propylparaben, Disodium Edta, Fragrance (Parfum).
A great shampoo for fine coloured hair.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 74.543594
Retrieved Text: Treat your skin and hair to the Sachajuan Beauty Bag Body Large; a four-piece collection that combines a daily shampoo, a reparative hair treatment, a luxurious body wash and a hydrating body lotion. The kit will leave you feeling refreshed and conditioned from head to toe.
A gentle, everyday shampoo for soft, healthy-looking hair. Ideal for all hair types, the lightweight formula works to stimulate the scalp and hair follicles with the proprietary Ocean Silk Technology, infusing essential minerals and vitamins while sweeping away dirt and impurities. Hair is left feeling fresh, with amplified volume, glossy shine and revitalised body.
An intensive treatment that works to regenerate and revitalise dry, damaged hair from root to tip. Fortified with Ocean Silk Technology, the unique formula utilises Sea Algae to infuse hair with long-lasting moisture and hydration, whilst restoring shine, strength and vitality. Improves manageability and combats frizz to reveal smooth, sleek locks with renewed radiance.
Harnessing the powers of the brand's innovative Earth Silk Technology, the lightweight formula gently cleanses and hydrates skin, whilst enveloping the body with a rejuvenating fragrance of Citrus and Jasmine. Can also be used in the bath for a soothing soak. Refreshes and revitalises all skin types from top to toe.
A lightweight, fast-absorbing formula that works to restore long-lasting moisture and hydration. Fortified with the brand's unique Earth Silk Technology, the scented lotion delivers anti-ageing benefits, whilst infusing skin with a fresh fragrance of Jasmine and Citrus. Expect soft, supple skin without greasy or sticky residue. Suitable for all skin types.
Shampoo: Aqua (Water) Sodium Laureth

########
Rank: 21
Score: 74.45112
Retrieved Text: • Including Moisturizing Shampoo 50 ml, Moisturizing Conditioner 50 ml and a Leave-in Conditioning Spray 50ml.
Intense moisturizing cleanser. Provides optimal hydration to natural or color-treated hair. Nourishes, revitalizes and restores natural shine and elasticity. Paraben free. Use: Apply to wet hair, massage softly and rinse out thoroughly.
Highly nourishing conditioner for natural or color-treated hair. Soothes, protects, detangles and revitalizes the hair. Gives shine and manageability. Paraben and Sulfate free. Use: Apply to towel-dry hair, massage softly and rinse out thoroughly after 3 minutes.
Ingrediënts: Aqua, Sodium Laureth Sulfate, Decyl Glucoside, Cocamidopropylamine Oxide, Sodium Cocoamphoacetate, Glycerin, Argania Spinosa Kernel Oil, Silk Amino Acids, Panthenol, Coco-Glucoside, Glyceryl Oleate, Dimethylpabamidopropyl Lauryldimonium Tosylate, Propylene Glycol Stearate, Guar Hydroxypropyltrimonium Chloride, Lauryl Glucoside, Glycereth-2 Cocoate, Sodium Laureth- 11 Carboxylate, Polyquaternium-44, Laureth-10, Glycol Distearate, Acrylates Copolymer, Parfum, PEG-18 Glyceryl Oleate/Cocoate, Phenoxyethanol, Iodopropynyl Butylcarbamate, Citric Acid.
Ingrediënten: Aqua, Sodium Laureth Sulfate, Decyl Glucoside, Cocamidopropylamine Oxide, Sodium Cocoamphoacetate, Glycerin, Argania Spinosa Kernel Oil, Silk Amino Acids, Panthenol, Coco-Glucoside, Glyceryl Oleate, Dimethylpabamidopropyl Lauryldimonium Tosylate, Propylene Glycol Stearate, Guar Hydroxypropyltrimonium Chloride, Lauryl Glucoside, Glycereth-2 Cocoate, Sodium Laureth- 11 Carboxylate, Polyquaternium-44, Laureth-10, Glycol Distearate, Acrylates Copolymer, Parfum, PEG-18 Glyceryl Oleate/Cocoate, Phenoxyethanol, Iodopropynyl Butylcarbamate, Citric Acid.
Ingrediënten: Aqua, Glycerin, Argania Spinosa Kernel Extract, Silk Amino Acids, Panthenol, Niacinamide, Tocopheryl Acetate, Sodium Cocoyl Amino Acids, Potassium Dimethicone PEG-7 Panthenyl Phosphate, Amodimethicone, C11-15 Pareth-7, C12-16 Pareth-9, Trideceth-12, Butylene Glycol, PEG-40 Hydrogenated Castor Oil, Polysorbate 20, Ethylhexyl Methoxycinnamate, Cetrimonium Chloride, Phenoxyethanol, Ethylhexylglycerin, Parfum, Citric Acid.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 74.34665
Retrieved Text: Over the last several years, I have mostly switched over to using only SLS/SLES-free hair products. I made this decision because I was inexplicably getting a really dry and itchy scalp, and, after trying various dandruff shampoos to no avail, finally figured out that it was the SLS/SLES ingredients that were causing it. Lo and behold, after going SLS-free in my shampoos, my scalp returned to normal and it feels better than ever!
The main reason most brands use SLS/SLES in cleaning products, like shampoo and body wash, is that it causes the product to foam up marvelously, even in hard water, and it is a cheap ingredient. Unfortunately, it’s also a drying ingredient and can cause negative skin reactions.
I am personally not one to put too much stock into “all natural” brands, as there are plenty of naturally-occurring ingredients that are terrible for you (cyanide, anyone?) and likewise, there are synthetic ingredients that work great and are harmless. But, since “green and natural” brands make up the bulk of shampoos that don’t contain SLS (sodium lauryl sulfate) and SLES (sodium laureth sulfate), those are the brands I tried. However, it took a lot of trial-and-error to find the products I liked best, since just because something is “all natural” doesn’t actually mean that it is going to work for you!
L’Oréal, one of the largest beauty companies in the world, finally jumped onto the SLS/SLES-free (or, sulfate-free) bandwagon with their drugstore-priced line of Ever* Sulfate-Free Moisture System haircare products—that’s EverCrème, EverCurl, EverPure, EverSleek, and EverStrong. They’re still

########
Rank: 23
Score: 73.19906
Retrieved Text: *When using the professional products system of Hydra source shampoo, conditioner and leave-in tonic vs. a non-conditioning shampoo.
Quench dry, thirsty hair with state-of-the-art formulas inspired by nature that mimic the moisture-retaining properties of the aloe plant. Hair's hydration levels are optimized through the absorption and retention of moisture.
Apply to wet hair and lather with a massaging motion. Rinse thoroughly. In case of contact with eyes, rinse them immediately. Matrix recommends that you pair the Hydrasource Shampoo with Hydrasource Conditioner or Detangling Solution to complete the routine.
Aqua / Water / Eau, Sodium Laureth Sulfate, Sodium Lauryl Sulfate, Cocamidopropyl Betaine, Sodium Chloride, Cocamide Mipa, Hexylene Glycol, Parfum / Fragrance, Sodium Benzoate, Salicylic Acid, Glycol Distearate, Aloe Barbadensis / Aloe Barbadensis Leaf Juice, Guar Hydroxypropyltrimonium Chloride, Limonene, Hexyl Cinnamal, Methyl Cocoate, Coumarin, Linalool, Butylphenyl Methylpropional, Benzyl Alcohol, Hydroxycitronellal, Citric Acid, Amyl Cinnamal, Sodium Cocoate, Passiflora Edulis Fruit Juice, Bisabolol.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 73.122505
Retrieved Text: Smoothsexyhair Sulfate Free Smoothing Conditioner is a Sulfate free, Gluten free, Paraben free and Salt Free Smoothing Conditioner made with coconut oil that helps fight frizz for smoothing results. This sulfate free smoothing conditioner strengthens and protects hair from damage and breakage and conditions it by coating the outer cuticle layer for extra shine, softness and manageability. Utilizing this process will tame frizz, wavy and curly hair textures and transforms into smooth, sleek, shiny and frizz free hair that shines with radiance.
Directions: Apply Smoothsexyhair Sulfate Free Smoothing Conditioner to wet clean hair, comb and massage through. Rinse, towel dry and style. Can be used daily to condition hair prior to styling.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 73.11266
Retrieved Text: Help put an end to itchy**, dry scalp by restoring your scalp's moisture barrier defense. Head & Shoulders Dry Scalp Care with Almond Oil Dandruff Shampoo provides relief with an active moisturizing formula that continuously targets dryness** and gives you visibly flake-free hair***.
Active Ingredient: Pyrithione Zinc 1% Inactive Ingredients: Water, Sodium Laureth Sulfate, Sodium Lauryl Sulfate, Dimethicone, Cocamide MEA, Zinc Carbonate, Glycol Distearate, Sodium Xylenesulfonate, Fragrance, Cetyl Alcohol, Guar Hydroxypropyltrimonium Chloride, Magnesium Sulfate, Sodium Chloride, Sodium Benzoate, Magnesium Carbonate Hydroxide, Benzyl Alcohol, Prunus Amygdalus Dulcis (Sweet Almond) Oil, Methylchloroisothiazolinone, Methylisothiazolinone.
I have been using head and shoulders products for years and I was excited to try the dry scalp as I have really bad psoriasis on my whole body but especially my scalp! After a couple weeks I noticed a significant difference in my scalp and a lot less itching! I will continue to buy this product and I suggest anyone with dry and itchy scalps to try this out!
I am a mother of two children, I work full time and am on the syndicate board for my condo building. Truthfully, I do not get to shower as long as I would like so having a shampoo that can take care of my hair with such little application is amazing!!!

########
Rank: 26
Score: 73.092606
Retrieved Text: Sulfate totally free shampoos used to be very uncommon and recognized about by very few folks. Nonetheless, as our society is beginning to use more organic elements and shell out focus to their well being more, the sulfate free of charge shampoos are beginning to expand in reputation. Sulfate totally free shampoos are basically shampoos that do not use the ingredient sulfate. Sodium Lauryl Sulfate is the most typical sulfate utilized in shampoos. It's broadly utilised because it is very low-cost for the manufacturers to use and it also helps make the shampoo lather a great deal. Sulfate free shampoos have been expanding in acceptance, however, because there are a lot of unfavorable negative effects that go with Sodium Lauryl Sulfate and other sulfates. Sulfate cost-free shampoos are a good deal more gentle for your hair and also let you to stay away from the negatives of sulfates.
One of the main damaging effects linked with sulfates is injury to your hair follicles. They can make hair frizz and dry. Occasionally the sulfates can irritate the scalp and skin, and they can even be a cause of dandruff. The sulfates in shampoo have been identified to take away the hair's normal oils. If you dye your hair, employing shampoos with sulfates also can strip away the hair dye and cut the time your coloring lasts.
Shampoos without having sulfate are specifically widespread amid individuals who favor to use all-natural goods and individuals who are environmentally pleasant. Manufacturers of the sulfate cost-free shampoo will normally substitute the harsh sulfate

########
Rank: 27
Score: 73.002815
Retrieved Text: Achieve silky soft hair with the TIGI S-Factor Smoothing Lusterizer Shampoo. The luxurious liquid gently removes excess oil, dirt and impurities from your hair and scalp, whilst adding luminous shine to leave hair vibrant and healthy-looking, without weighing it down. Specially formulated with a Pro Vitamin B5 Complex to deliver a high sheen finish and penetrate deeply into the hair shaft to maintain moisture levels. Suitable for daily use, the shampoo can be used to hydrate dry or damaged hair and protect colour wash after wash. E.N.
Apply to wet hair and massage into a lather. Rinse thoroughly. Avoid contact with eyes.
Water (Aqua/Eau), Sodium Laureth Sulfate, Dimethiconol, Cocamidopropyl Betaine, Glycerin, Potassium Chloride, Phenoxyethanol, Fragrance (Parfum), Cocos Nucifera (Coconut) Oil, Silk Powder(Serica/Poudre de soie), Glycol Distearate, Gluconolactone, TEA-Dodecylbenzenesulfonate, Guar Hydroxypropyltrimonium Chloride, Hydrolyzed Wool, Sodium Chloride, Laureth-23, Acrylates/Beheneth-25 Methacrylate Copolymer, Citric Acid, Calcium Aluminum Borosilicate, Adipic Acid, Sodium Sulfate, Trehalose, Disodium EDTA, PEG-45M, Sodium Benzoate, Silica, PPG-9, Magnesium Nitrate, Sodium Lauryl Sulfate, Methylchloroisothiazolinone, Magnesium Chloride, Methylisothiazolinone, Amyl Cinnamal, Hexyl Cinnamal, Limonene, Linalool, Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Blue 1 (CI 42090), Red 33 (CI 17200), Yellow 6 (CI 15985).

########
Rank: 28
Score: 72.99707
Retrieved Text: Say hello to your new best friend. Smoothing Moroccan Argan Oil & Keratin Shampoo delicately cleanses and dramatically transforms hair. Argan oil envelops each strand, influsing rich moisture and arresting frizz, while keratin proteins seal cuticles and smooth split ends. The results are radiant and silky to the Nth Degree—hair to the highest power. You’re welcome. That’s what friends are for.
INGREDIENTS: AQUA (WATER), COCO-GLUCOSIDE, SODIUM LAURETH SULFATE, COCO-BETAINE, PEG-7 GLYCERYL COCOATE, POLYQUATERNIUM-10, PARFUM, VITIS VINIFERA (GRAPE) SEED OIL, ARGANIA SPINOSA KERNEL OIL, BOSWELLIA CARTERII OIL, OCTYL METHOXYCINNAMATE, PHENOXYETHANOL, KERATIN, HYDROXYPROPYL GUAR.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 72.8276
Retrieved Text: The science of hair: an overview of structure, function and sulfates.
SeneGence recently dropped a new hair care line – HairCovery!
Then the army of distributors started asking questions. A lot of questions. The first about red clover extract. For more information read: The role of phytoestrogens found in red clover (Trifolium pratense) extract.
The second, requesting a product comparison of HairCovery to Monat. In addition to our typical ingredient reviews, I compared these products on YouTube based on ingredient mode of action.
Then the questions kept coming. Questions about detox, natural hair care & ingredient function… to name a few.
The following is my scientific opinion, based on lots of reading. It may not agree 100% with what your best friend/hair dresser says, but based on what I have seen there doesn’t seem to be in full agreement regarding this topic among professionals… Now on to the 30k foot overview of what may or may not cause hair to “detox“.
Articles that refer to hair detox always mention sulfates. What do we know about sulfates? Sulfates are an effective, cheap & easy way to clean your hair. Also responsible for the suds we associate with a shampoo they found in face wash & household cleaners. The good? By lowering the surface tension of skin/hair/counter they make it easier for oil & dirt to mix with water & wash away. The bad? They also wash away the good oils & are capable of penetrating the hair causing frizz & other damage.
The three most commonly used sulfate compounds within the beauty industry are

================



======= Instance Index 6554 =========
Input Text: If a description of a situation begins like this: [header] How to slip stitch [title] Know whether to slip the stitch knit-wise or purl-wise. [step] You can slip a stitch knit-wise or purl-wise. ( if no method is indicated, assume purl-wise.... Then how
does it continue? 

Ending 1: ) however, a purl-wise slip stitch will leave you with crochet stitches and you will need to take in one crochet stitch before taking the next one. [title] Knit the stitch-wise side of the seam at the insert.

Ending 2: Purl-wise is the standard stitches used for nearly all cheaters. ) this is the only stitch intended for beginners.

Ending 3: ) use your knitting pegs to keep your stitches from moving freely or unduly. You can slip a stitch wise or purl-wise if you have two opposite stitches: a thing you are knitting and a thing you are purlanting.

Ending 4: ) [substeps] To slip a stitch knit-wise, insert the right needle into the next stitch from left to right, as if you were going to knit. Don't put the yarn over your needle, though; simply move the stitch from the left needle to the right needle.

Target Text: Ending 4

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 103.68532
Retrieved Text: Most of the time, when you are directed to 'slip a stitch', it will be on a knit row. But there are exceptions and there will be times when you will need to know how to slip a stitch on a purl row.
It's very easy and here's how to do it.
Video demonstration of how to slip a stitch purl-wise.
Put the right needle into the stitch on the left needle, as if to purl.
Slip the stitch off the left needle onto the right needle, but do not purl the stitch.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 96.52009
Retrieved Text: So, what is a Honeycomb Slip Stitch? This variation of the stitch involves combinations of slip stitches, knitting/purling two together with yarnovers (in addition to your stock knit and purl stitches) to create this beautiful fabric.
Begin by casting on multiples of 6 + 4 stitches. Begin Row 1 by slipping one purlwise with the yarn back, then repeat the following pattern of slip two purlwise with the yarn back, knit one, yarn over, knit two together and knit one. Repeat until you reach the last three stitches and slip two purlwise with yarn back and knit one.
Row 2 beings by knitting one then slip two stitches with the yarn forward. Then repeat the following six stitch pattern; purl one, yarn over and purl two together followed by purling one then slip two stitches purl wise (with the yarn forward). Repeat this until you reach the last stitch which you purl.
For the next three rows you will repeat rows 1 & 2, so row 3 & 5 is a repeat of row 1 and row 4 is a repeat of row 2.
Knit every stitch in rows 6 & 8, and purl every stitch in row 7.
Begin row 9 by slipping one stitch purlwise with the yarn back then repeat the following pattern; yarnover, knit two together, knit one, slip two purlwise with the yarn back and knit one. Repeat this until you reach the final three stitches and yarnover, knit two together and knit one.
Start row 10 by slip one purlwise with the yarn forward, yarn over

########
Rank: 2
Score: 91.55901
Retrieved Text: This example will show you how to create a buttonhole over 4 rows with a very tidy result. To try this, create a small swatch with a 3-st border.
Rows 6 and 8: Repeat Row 4.
K4, turn; p1, k3, turn; k to end.
P5, slip 1 st, create a "faux yo" on the left needle by lifting the yarn from front to back between the stitches onto the left needle (mounted so that the stitch will not twist when worked).
Slip the slipped st back to the left needle.
Purl together this stitch with the "faux yo"; do not drop the yo; leave it on the left needle.
Turn; k across; turn, p5 (to the last st before yo); using ssp (slip as to purl, slip as to knit, slip the stitches back to the left-hand needle and purl together) p next st together with the yo and drop the yo; p1, k3.
Buttonholes are not always as neat and tidy as we would like and placement can be an issue. Here is an “after-the-fact” buttonhole. Beth Caulfield, formerly of Sheep Thrills, brought this to us from Denver, Colorado.
Work your buttonbands as you normally would without buttonholes. Sew your buttons on to the buttonband. Using the center of the button as a guide, determine where you first buttonhole will be.
Step 1: On the wrong side, insert a crochet hook under the loop where you want the buttonhole and the loop above it. Step 2: Pull the top loop through the first loop.
Step 3: Pull the top up as far as you can.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 87.71004
Retrieved Text: Knitting is one of the earliest forms of needlework, and one, which has been carried to the highest perfection. It would be difficult to invent new stitches or patterns and, we shall therefore confine ourselves to describing the stitches in general use, and reproducing those of the old patterns we consider the most useful, that our readers may make their own selection.
In former days, knitting served mainly for the manufacture of stockings, and even now, in spite of machines, handknit stockings, and numberless other useful and ornamental articles, such as shawls, counterpanes, cradle-coverings, gloves, laces etc. are in great request.
Besides its practical use, knitting is an easy and pleasant pastime that can be taken up at odd minutes and even carried on, whilst talking, or reading.
Knitting consists of loops, or stitches, as they are generally called, formed by means of a thread and two needles.
In round knitting, four, or five needles are necessary for the better handling of the work.
Through the loops formed in knitting, being connected together in unbroken continuity, a very elastic fabric is produced, which is specially suitable for making warm, and closely-fitting wearing-apparel.
Materials.—Threads with a slight twist, such as Coton à tricoter D.M.C, are the best. With regard to the thickness of the needles, whether they be of steel, wood, or bone, your choice must be determined by the quality of the thread used.
The accompanying table is intended to help inexperienced knitters to match their needles and thread, we advisedly say, help, as it is impossible exactly to determine the numbers that

########
Rank: 4
Score: 87.42899
Retrieved Text: Spring is finally here...along with the thunderstorms but my basement hasn't flooded for three whole days.
Only one lesson arrived while I was out west. Several boxes full of yarn for the yarn tasting did arrive. I must say, it is fun opening them even if I know the yarn isn't for me.
This week's tip is quite esoteric. It was a request from Susanmarie (on Ravelry). She was knitting a pair of toe up socks and was using a tubular bind off and was curious as how to finish it off. I've done lots of videos on the tubular bind off but I'd never discussed how to finish one off.
When you do a tubular bind off in the round, there are a few differences than doing it flat. The first step in the bind off is to work 2 or more rows where you knit the knit stitches but slip the purl stitches with the yarn in front. This direction works for flat knitting since when you turn the work, the knit stitches become purl stitches. When you work in the round, this doesn't happen. When you work the second round, it is necessary to work the purl stitches and slip the knit stitches with the yarn in the back.
The technique I use for tubular bind offs is from (I believe) Katarina Buss's Big Book of Knitting (a wonderful book) and after you have worked the slip stitch rows, you position the stitches so that the first stitch on the left needle is a knit stitch. A

########
Rank: 5
Score: 86.600426
Retrieved Text: You can probably get away with never learning the slip-slip-knit (SSK) technique if you only plan on knitting rectangular blankets, baby blankets, and scarves. But, at some point, you might want to diversify the items you produce and give your knitting some shape. To do this, you need to learn how to increase or decrease stitches. An important type of decrease is the SSK. This left-leaning decrease reduces two stitches to one.
The SSK makes a decrease that slants to the left and is often paired with knit-two-together knit (K2TOG), which is a right-slanting decrease. It is an easy technique to learn. The basics of this stitch are also used in several other stitches as well. It is almost identical to a cast-off method known as binding off. Many beginning knitters use the binding off method to finish their earlier creations. It is often used as a way to cast off scarves. If you are new to knitting, learning this stitch will allow you to follow several patterns and help build your knitting confidence.
To execute this decrease, slip the first stitch as if to knit, slip the second stitch as if to knit, then slide the left-hand needle into the front part of both stitches and knit them together. Actually, you are doing more than just slipping and knitting, you are decreasing a stitch by slipping two stitches and then knitting them together through the back loops.
Some people also perform this decrease by slipping the first stitch as if to knit and the second stitch as if

########
Rank: 6
Score: 86.006134
Retrieved Text: I’m happy to announce the release of my latest design, One Skein Wonder. It is an easy scarf using only one skein of Blue Moon Fibre Arts Socks that Rock in Heavyweight. The variegated colors in the skein makes this a really fun knit!
This pattern is available as a free Ravelry download!
For a limited time, you can purchase Upslope for only $2.50. Use the coupon code UPSLOPE at Ravelry checkout to receive the introductory price. This coupon is valid until midnight MDT on December 18, 2017.
Upslope is a native Colorado shawl design! Both the yarn (Hue Loco) and the name are from Colorado. Upslope is the name of a locally brewed beer that also went very well with the shape and lines on this design.
Upslope is a slightly asymmetrical shawl that is cast on with just one stitch. It is worked flat, back and forth, mostly in garter stitch, making it a good shawl pattern for beginner knitters.
The color elements are worked in using a very simple form of short row. If you’ve never heard of short rows, you should give this shawl a try, to give yourself a taste. If you are afraid of short rows, you won’t even know you are working them. The short rows in this shawl are worked using simple knitting increases (kfb) and decreases (k2tog) – ANYONE can do them!
These instructions are easy to follow and only include basic knitting skills. There is also no need to worry about weaving in multiple ends, both colors of yarn are carried, almost

########
Rank: 7
Score: 84.06968
Retrieved Text: This is a technique to create a seamless join. This method is great for seaming toes of top-down socks, baby garments and any join where you don’t want to see a join.
Kitchener stitch is also referred to as grafting and is the process of weaving together two sets of stitches that are still on the needles.
Did you know that the Kitchener stitch has its origins from WW1? Apparently the First Earl Kitchener developed a sock pattern for British and American women to use in the war knitting effort. In contrast to the sock trends of the day (which had a seamed toe) Kitchener’s sock pattern had a grafted toe.
So how do you do the Kitchener (Graft) Stitch?
To begin your join you MUST have the same amount of stitches on each needle. Thread your tapestry needle with a length of yarn. Your yarn should be about twice the length of the finished join to ensure that you have enough.
Hold your needles parallel to each other and the tips pointing in the same direction (as if you were beginning your next row). Remember the wrong (purl) sides should be facing inwards so that the grafting is created on the outside of the work.
There is a sequence to grafting and once you get the rhythm you will find it easier. But to begin the process you need to insert the tapestry needle into the first stitch on the front needle as if to purl; and then gently pull your yarn through but do not remove the stitch from the

########
Rank: 8
Score: 83.603836
Retrieved Text: Row 18 (WS): P2tog, purl to last 2 sts, p2tog – 7 sts.
Row 19 (RS): K2tog, knit to last 2 sts, SSK – 5 sts.
With CC1, cast on 3 sts.
knit 1 row) twice, end on RS.
Dec Row (WS): P2tog, p1, p2tog – 3 sts. Knit 1 row.
purlwise, leaving a long tail for sewing.
and leaves bottom edge open. Turn.
* until all sts have been bound off. Fasten off last st.
beads on top of felt “leaves”.
Dec Rnd: K2tog, k1, k2tog twice, k1, k2tog – 6 sts.
needles. Pull up tightly and secure, then fasten off.
from hook, then into each remaining ch. Fasten off.
Sew one ear on each side of face.
Sew 2 legs ½” apart and ½” below bottom of face.
½” up from cast-on edge of body.
into remaining ch. Fasten off.
dpns, place marker and join for working in the round.
Work even in St st (knit EVERY rnd) for 2”.
around – 15 sts. Rep Dec Rnd 4 times more – 3 sts.
tapestry needle and draw through all sts on needles.
Pull up tightly and secure, then fasten off.
With 2 dpns and CC1, cast on 3 sts.
Row 1: Bind off 1 st, k1 – 2 sts.
comb to the body at the same time.
Find the row of sts straight down from the comb.
beak, halfway between beak and comb.
knit 1, pass the 2 slipped stitches over.
working in the round on a circular needle.
when working in the round on a circular needle.
working on a circular needle.
You will need: Oddments of double kitting wool, including white & colour suitable for hair, and 1 pair size 8 (4mm)

########
Rank: 9
Score: 83.523026
Retrieved Text: With color A, cast on a multiple of 6 sts and knit two rows stockinette stitch (knit the RS row, purl the WS row).
Row 3: With color A, k1, * c2b, c2f, k2; repeat from * to last 5 sts, c2b, c2f, k1.
Row 4: With color A, purl all sts.
Row 5: With color B, k5, * sl 2 wyib, k4; repeat from * to last st, k1.
Row 6: With color B, p5, * sl 2 wyif, p4; repeat from * to last st, p1.
Row 8: With color A, purl all sts.
K: Knit | P: Purl | Sl: Slip stitch as if to purl.
Wyib: With yarn in back | With yarn in front: Wyif.
The first way: Slip next st onto cable needle and hold at back of work, knit next st from left-hand needle, then knit st from cable needle.
The first way: Slip 1 stitch onto cable needle and hold in front, knit next st from left-hand needle, then knit st from cable needle.
The second way: Skip 1 stitch and insert needle from back to front between lst and 2nd stitches and knit into the front 2nd stitch, leave on needle; then knit the skipped stitch, slip both stitches from the needle together.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 82.68587
Retrieved Text: Stitches that seem the most difficult are sometimes the easiest. It’s the kind of stitch that converts a basic garment into something more special and fun. In today’s tutorial we will show you, step by step, how to knit the butterfly stitch. Look how easy!
For this tutorial we used a pair of US size 11 needles and a skein of our fine wool The Meriwool.
We start by casting on a multiple of 5 stitches plus 4 extra stitches.
We divided this step-by-step tutorial into two parts: in the first part we show you how to make the base of the butterfly.
Row 1 (right side): knit 2. * Bring yarn to the front of your work (as for a purl stitch), now slip 5 stitches purlwise from the left-hand needle to the right-hand needle, place the yarn loosely behind your work, knit 5 *. Repeat from * to * until there are only 2 stitches left, knit 2.
Row 2 (wrong side): purl all stitches.
Repeat rows 1 and 2 four more times, until you reach row 10. After knitting 10 rows you should have 5 strands of yarn running across the front of your work.
Now we’re going to see the last part of the butterfly, how to knit the crease that forms the butterfly shape.
Row 11 (right side): knit 4. * Using the tip of your right-hand needle, lift the vertical strands that make up the butterfly from the bottom up, and knit them together with the next stitch (you can see how to do this the right way

########
Rank: 11
Score: 82.0814
Retrieved Text: Grafting is used to join two pieces together without binding off. Stitches are kept "live" on the needle, or on a stitch holder until ready to join. It is commonly used at the toe of socks or shoulder seams on baby garments to prevent a bulky seam from getting in the way.
• Align your two pieces on two separate needles so the wrong sides of each piece are facing each other and both needles are pointing in the same direction (photo 1).
• Step 1: Bring threaded tapestry needle through the first stitch on the front needle as if to knit (photo 2). Slip this stitch off the needle.
• Step 2: Bring threaded tapestry needle through next stitch on front needle as if to purl and leave this stitch on the needle (photo 3).
• Step 3: Bring threaded tapestry needle through the first stitch on the back needle as if to purl (photo 4). Slip this stitch off the needle.
• Step 4: Bring threaded tapestry needle through the next stitch on the back needle as if to knit and leave this stitch on the needle (photo 5).
Repeat Steps 14 until there are no stitches remaining on the needles.
Here is a collection of fabulous Grafting Resources.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 81.46935
Retrieved Text: To finish the last edge of the project, you must bind off.
Binding off can be done on either a knit or purl row, however, always bind off in the same stitch in which the row was worked, unless the directions say otherwise.
This means to knit the knit stitches and purl the purl stitches.
Work the first two stitches of the row.
With the point of your left needle, lift up the first stitch and pull it over the second stitch and off the right needle.
One stitch is bound off and there is one stitch left on the right needle.
Continue to work as before until the only remaining stitch is on the right needle.
Leaving a 6" tail, cut the yarn and pull the end through the stitch securely.
Always bind off loosely so the last row is the same gauge as the body of the project.
Cable stitches — how do you make them?
A cable stitch is formed by holding some stitches on a separate needle either in front or in back of the work. The cable crossing is worked on the right side of the project and usually in a pattern of 6 or 8 stitches.
For a 6-stitch pattern, for instance, slip the first 3 stitches onto a cable or double pointed needle and hold them in front of the work. Knit the next three stitches from the left needle. Then knit the three stitches from the cable needle. If this seems awkward, return the stitches to the left needle and then knit them. This creates a cable cross to

########
Rank: 13
Score: 81.34422
Retrieved Text: Knitting in the beaded daisies in the casing of this evening bag requires a little practice, but is not hard.
I have applied the “wrap” method that I use to set the beads on top of the knitting. This application is described in my first beaded evening bag tutorial, but just for a review I will explain it again here. When you come to the stitch that you need to apply the bead, slip the stitch to the right needle, bring the working yarn (in pink) forward, then slip the stitch (green) back to the left needle.
Slide the bead to the base of the stitch.
While holding the bead in place with your left thumb, bring the yarn to the back and knit the stitch (green) through the back loop.
Adjust any tension errors before you move on. Make sure that the bead is resting at the base of the stitch.
Using this same method, I used a string of beads, instead of one, to make the petals of the daisy.
The only difference using the string of beads is the drape. On the knit side swing the beads to the right, hold in position and then bring the yarn to back and knit in the back loop of the stitch as before.
Purl side- slip stitch indicated in chart for bead (single or string) placement to the right needle. Bring yarn to knit side between needles. Slip stitch back to left needle. Swing bead string to the left, hold in place with right index finger, then bring yarn to purl side.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 81.1794
Retrieved Text: Knit stitch: This is the first stitch you learn and is abbreviated in knitting patterns as k. It creates a simple ridged fabric known as garter stitch when worked on its own. When worked in alternate rows with purl stitch opposite!. it forms a smooth textured stitch known as stocking stitch (right) Knit stitches are formed by inserting the tip of the knitting needle through from front to back of each stitch, passing the yam around the needle and drawing a loop through. How to work the knit stitch 1 Insert the tip of the right needle through the first loop on the left needle, from front to back. Then wrap the working yarn around the tip of the right needle. 2 Pull the tip of the right needle and the yarn through the loop on the left needle. r 3 Slip the old loop off the left needle to complete the stitch. Continue knitting stitches in this way until all the stitches on the left needle have been knitted onto the right needle. You have now completed one row of the knit stitchPurl stitch This is the second stitch to learn and is very similar to the knit stitch. If all rows are purled a garter stitch fabric is created. When purl rows are combined alternately with knit rows. they form stocking stitch. The purl side of the stocking stitch fabric is called reverse stocking stitch. When a purl stitch is worked the yarn is held at the front of the work rather than at

########
Rank: 15
Score: 81.16826
Retrieved Text: Bobbles are a fun quirk of knitting that look like bumps, domes or round balls. Bobbles are most often worked into a pattern or block of knitting. However, bobbles can be made individually to add accents to other knitted pieces. What better way to add buttons to your knitting than to knit bobbles. Bobbles are made by making several increase stitches into a few stitches. All you need to know is how to knit into the front and back loops.
Make a slip knot with yarn. Make sure the short yarn tail of the slip knot is 6 inches long.
Put a knitting needle into the slip knot. Pull the long end of the yarn to tighten the slip knot.
Knit into the loop of yarn on the left needle, with the right knitting needle. Do not slide the stitch off the left knitting needle.
Knit into the back of the same stitch you just used. Do not slide the stitch off the left knitting needle.
Knit into the front, back and front again of the same stitch. Only now slide the stitch off the left knitting needle. You have five stitches. Turn.
Knit into the first stitch. Do not drop the stitch off the left knitting needle. Yarn over. Knit into the same stitch again. Slide the stitch off the left knitting needle.
Continue to knit, yarn over and knit the same stitch for each stitch in the row. You have fifteen stitches. Turn.
Purl two stitches together. Repeat purling two stitches together until the last three stitches. Purl the last three stitches

########
Rank: 16
Score: 79.6346
Retrieved Text: This is another incredibly easy pattern with cables. The seed stitch panel adds a fun bit of texture and gives the fabric an extra bit of stretch for comfort.
The instructions include two sizes- fitted and loose.
The pattern is a breeze to customize. Add more pattern repeats for a longer glove or less for a shorter one.
If you are experienced in glove knitting, it is also quite easy to add in a thumb gusset if desired. I prefer my arm warmers thumbless as I work with my hands, and like to push my sleeves up rather than constantly take the gloves off and put them on again.
I grew up in the mountains, where the weather can change rapidly regardless of season. Nothing was handier than having a nice pair of arm warmers to wear when the breeze turned chill. Less bulky than a sweater but impressively warm, they fit in a purse or pocket, ready for when you may need them.
Knit these up in a beautiful worsted weight yarn and enjoy!
C2B- Slip two stitches purl wise, slip next two stitches off needle and hold to the back, place first two slipped stitches back on left needle, place two held stitches on to left needle.
C2F- Slip two stitches purl wise, slip next two stitches off needle and hold to the front, place first two slipped stitches back on left needle, place two held stitches on to left needle.
CO 32 sts, join to work in round, making sure not to twist the stitches.
Repeat rows 11-14 nine more times.
BO with

########
Rank: 17
Score: 79.18396
Retrieved Text: I love this technique of joining strips of garter stitch to create a larger piece. I first used it in the Jamie sweater and now in the Zig and Zag baby blanket featured in 60 Quick Baby Blankets .
Beginning on a RS row, knit into the front and back of the first stitch.
Knit across the row until there are 3 stitches remaining.
Yarn forward between the knitting needles so it’s at the front. Slip the next stitch as if to purl.
Insert the right hand needle through the selvage stitch of the adjoining strip from back to front, wrap the yarn around the needle purlwise and pull the stitch out through the back of the selvage. This is basically a “pick up and purl” maneuver (similar to pick up and knit).
Pass the slipped stitch over the last stitch on the needle. The RS row is complete.
Turn the work over so the WS row is facing.
Slip the first stitch as if to knit.
Knit across the row until there’s one stitch left.
Yarn forward. Slip the last stitch purlwise.
Rep those two rows make up the right-leaning modular strip.
Jamie uses the same joining technique except there’s no shaping at the beginning and end of the RS rows. The whole sweater is assembled modularly. There is no sewing in Jamie except for weaving in a few ends.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 79.13043
Retrieved Text: I slogged my way to the finish line of the shawl body a few days ago. As you might imagine, I am very tired of pink. I have miles of edging to knit on before the thing is completed, but I am putting it aside for a while to let my Pink Receptors recover from extended stimulation. Cindersall's reversal of the crown motif was masterful, and I think it looks better than the original.
Having carefully placed the Bat shawl on the bottom of my UFO pile, I decided to treat myself with my rendition of the Honeysuckle shawl/sweater thing, which appeared in Issue #6 of The Knitter.
This design is beautiful--elegant, graceful, and feminine. I had to read the directions four times because I simply couldn't believe that the designer would actually take a round shawl and convert it to flat knitting. Thus, the reader is instructed to knit across the pattern row, turn, purl back, and then, when the piece is finished, sew up the back seam. Nah. I am knitting it in the round like a grown-up.
For the sleeves, the original design calls for casting off 40 stitches one one row and then casting on 40 stitches in the next row. The sleeves are knitted separately and then sewn into the gap. Why make an ugly seamline at the shoulder and force the knitter to do even more sewing? Instead, I will knit a contrasting piece of yarn over 40 stitches. When I am ready to do the sleeve, I will carefully undo the contrasting

########
Rank: 19
Score: 79.02607
Retrieved Text: Today I would love to share with you a technique that I learned several years ago that is absolutely essential for cardigans if you want to avoid knitting the bands and finishing the raw edges. It also comes in handy for scarves or any items with open raw edges. It looks like an applied I-cord, but rather than picking up stitches along the edge and knitting the i-cord on, you knit “I-cord” simultaneously with the main fabric and don’t have to spend time to trim the edges after you are done with the project – a huge time saver!
This technique can be used with any stitch pattern. It looks best when knit next to the textured stitches, but can be used with simple stockinette, it won’t “pop” as much, but it will do the work – keep the edge of your knitting flat and neat – from the front, back and the sides. I used it a lot in my “pre-blog era”, but there are several projects with this technique documented here – Textured Scarf (I think it was my third or forth blog post!), Journey sweater (to create side splits) and Grateful Shawl (to create smooth edges and avoid finishing later).
There are two types of “i-cords” or selvage stitches I use – double and triple. They look slightly different from each other. Triple is thicker and will be perfect for cardigan front edges – it will perfectly hold the shape. Double is great for light garments and for lace. First I will give you the

########
Rank: 20
Score: 78.972336
Retrieved Text: With mosaic knitting, only one color is used for each pair of rows, but slipped stitches are used to pull contrasting-colored stitches up to create the vertical columns of color. Plus, this stitch uses a garter-stitch based mosaic structure, so there are no purl stitches.
Slip stitch patterns just work very well with alternating colors!
Row 1 (RS): With color B, knit 3, * slip 1 with yarn in back (wyib), knit 3; repeat from * to end.
Row 2: With color B, knit 3, * slip 1 with yarn in front (wyif), knit 3; repeat from * to end.
Row 3: With color A, knit 1 * slip 1 wyib, knit 3; repeat from * last 2 sts, slip 1 wyib, knit 1.
Row 4: With color A, knit 1, * slip 1 wyif, knit 3; repeat from * to last 2 sts, slip 1 wyif, knit 1.
Repeat rows 1-4 till necessary for completing your project..

########
Rank: 21
Score: 78.74919
Retrieved Text: Short Rows are one of my very favorite knitting things, ever. Need to shape a hem, make a bust dart or a shoulder slope? No seaming, no binding off, no problem – just work short rows and you can have angled sections of knitting that create shape and make a garment better fitting, or a shawl more interesting.
1. Knit to the turning point; with yarn in back, insert the right needle tip purlwise into the next st, and slip it to the right needle.
2. Bring the yarn to the front.
3. Slip the wrapped st back to the left needle.
4. Turn the work, and if you’re working in stockinette stitch, bring the yarn to the front and purl the next row. If you’re working in garter stitch, leave the yarn in back when you turn the work, and knit the next row.
1. Purl to the turning point; with yarn in front, insert the right needle tip purlwise into the next st, and slip it to the right needle.
2. Bring the yarn to the back.
4. Turn the work and bring the yarn to the back and knit the next row. If you’re working in garter stitch, every row is a knit row, and you’ll be following the directions above instead.
In stockinette stitch, the wraps would be visible in the fabric if just left there when you came back and worked the wrapped stitch on a subsequent row. To avoid that, you can hide the wrap by picking it up and working it together with the wrapped st.
1. Insert

########
Rank: 22
Score: 78.348015
Retrieved Text: To decrease means to reduce the total number of stitches and is often used for shaping a knitted piece. For example, you decrease towards the crown of a hat to create the curvature of a head.
The most common decrease is the k2tog (knit 2 together). The SSK (slip slip knit) is another common decrease and is similar to the k2tog, but in the finished product, creates a slight slanted stitch that slants in the other direction to the k2tog. Psso (pass slipped stitch over) is another decrease. This is usually performed by slipping a stitch, knitting a stitch, and passing the slipped stitch over in a similar manner as a bind off.
Continental style, a.k.a. European style knitting means you wrap the working yarn with your left hand. This is often said to be the faster way of knitting because you do not remove your left hand from the needle to wrap the yarn. It can be a very effective technique if you are doing two-color or fair-isle knitting. If you naturally hold the working yarn in your left hand, then Continental knitting is probably your style.
The knit front and back stitch is simple once you learn the difference between the front and back of a stitch.
The knit two together decrease is the easiest and most common decrease stitch. It is used for shaping as well as in lace knitting.
The rib stitch is a combination of knit and purl stitches in the same row. It is commonly used for the brim of a hat or cuff of

########
Rank: 23
Score: 78.149414
Retrieved Text: When a pattern says "Pick up and Knit", it really means the same thing as "Pick up". The action of picking the stitches up is basically a knit, i.e. you wrap the yarn as if to knit, and you go through the front of the work. In some cases, it might specify "Pick up as if to purl" in which case you'd need to come in through the back, and wrap your yarn like a purl stitch.
Using a crochet hook to pick up stitches is not the normal way for knitting, but it can be useful when picking up stitches using knitting needles is tricky. You may need to use a crochet hook that is close in size to the knitting needles, however, to ensure the proper size stitch is picked up. After picking up the stitches using a crochet hook you'll have to slip them onto a knitting needle, so it is a technique best saved for picking up only a few stitches.
A crochet hook is a great tool to use to pick up dropped stitches in your work and can even be faster than using knitting needles.
Use two needles to help you find where to pick up and knit stitches into an edge.
The easiest way to pick up stitches along the edge of a fabric is with a single knitting needle. See how to do this in this video.
Learning to tink is an essential skill for every knitter. This allows you to correct your own mistakes as you go.
Rolling a center pull ball is

########
Rank: 24
Score: 77.65825
Retrieved Text: A while ago I knitted a little pouch using some leftover Noro and started using it to hold little guitar-related things: a capo, a slide, some guitar picks, an egg shaker. Unfortunately it was in my guitar case when the guitar was stolen, so yesterday I decided to knit a new one using some leftover Tahki Donegal Tweed from the blanket I finished knitting a couple of days ago.
I think this used about 50 yards of yarn. I used size 6 straight needles. (Ideally you'll also have some DPNs of the same size to make the end easier.) Here's general instructions for making this sort of pouch.
1. Cast on an even number of stitches. (I used 30.) The cast on row should be a little less than twice as wide as you want the bag to be.
2. (s1, p1) to end, ending with a purl stitch.
3. s1, P1, and pass the slipped stitch over the purled stitch. (s1,P1) to end, ending with a purl stitch.
4. s1, P1, and pass the slipped stitch over the purled stitch. (s1,P1) to 2 stitches from end (ending with a slip stitch). P2tog.
5. (s1, P1) to 2 stitches from end (ending with a slip stitch). P2tog.
Until now you've been working both sides of the bag on a single needle. Now it will be necessary to separate the two sides onto different needles. To do this, take two DPNs, slip the first into the first (slip) stitch and hold it to the back of the work, then slip the second into the

########
Rank: 25
Score: 77.23648
Retrieved Text: These Ribby Socks have an intricate pattern, but no one will guess that they're a cinch to make!
These funky socks feature a simple ribbing pattern that knits up quickly and shows off the beauty of handpainted yarn. A perfect first sock project!
Loosely cast on 50 stitches and divide onto 4 needles as follows: 12 stitches on needles #1 and #4 and 13 stitches on needles #2 and #3. Join stitches into a circle, being careful not to twist stitches. Place open-ring stitch marker in first stitch on needle #1 to denote beginning of rounds. Move marker upward every few rounds.
Note: Needles #1 and #4 will hold the heel stitches while needles #2 and #3 will hold the instep stitches.
Round 1: Needle #1 -- purl 1, (knit 3, purl 2) two times, knit 1; needle #2 -- knit 2, (purl 2, knit 3) twice, purl 1; needle #3 -- purl 1, (knit 3, purl 2) twice, knit 2; needle #4 -- knit 1, (purl 2, knit 3) twice, purl 1.
Repeat round 1 until leg measures 6" (15cm).
Knit all stitches on needle #1. Turn work; purl all stitches on needles #1 and #4, working them all onto a single needle. These 24 stitches will form the heel flap.
Row 1 (right side): *Slip 1, knit 1; repeat from * 11 times more, turn.
Row 2: Slip 1, purl 23, turn work.
Repeat rows 1 and 2 fourteen times more (30 rows total).
Row 1: Knit 15, work slip slip knit decrease, turn work.
Row 2: Slip 1, purl 6, purl 2 together, turn

########
Rank: 26
Score: 76.468376
Retrieved Text: With size 2 needles and the main color, cast on 76 stitches. Work in ribbing of knit 2, purl 2, for 2 inches. Change to size 3 needles and knit across the next row, increasing to 79 stitches (increase about every 19th stitch). Purl back, then work in stockinette stitch (knit 1 row, purl 1 row) until work measures 9 ½ inches from the beginning, ending with a purl row. Start underarm decreases as shown on the diagram on the next row by binding off the number of stitches shown. Always slip the first stitch when binding off. Continue following the diagram for the design. The solid line on diagram indicates change to white for background color. For the shoulders, start on the indicated row and bind off at the beginning of 6 consecutive rows the number of stitches shown, placing the remaining 23 stitches on a stitch holder for the neckband.
With size 2 needles and the main color, cast on 43 stitches. Work the first 36 stitches in ribbing of knit 2, purl 2; then knit 1, purl 1, for the remaining 7 stitches. Continue working these 7 stitches in the seed stitch (knit 1, purl 1, knitting over purl stitches and purling over knit stitches on both right and wrong sides) for the front band. When the ribbing measures 2 inches and with the seed stitch at the left hand side, change to size 3 needles and work in the stockinette stitch to correspond with the back, continuing the seed stitch for the front

########
Rank: 27
Score: 76.25426
Retrieved Text: This shows three very simple hats made with knit 1, purl 1 rib. One has no brim, the other two a simple folded brim. The difference lies in the decreasing at the top. The one in the middle uses the simple spiral I explained before.
The hat on the right uses a stacked double decrease. In this one, you do a slip one, knit 2 together, pass slipped stitch over, or slip one purl 2 together, pass slipped stitch over (depending on whether you are getting rid of a k1, p1, k1, or a p1, k1, p1) in the places that you decrease. Every 4th row, you do a decrease, using the same middle stitch each time.
For the hat on the left, I unfortunately did not make notes (because I thought it looked like a mess and didn’t think I would want to repeat it). This one has double decreases which, instead of staying separate, converge on each other further up the hat.
Simply by changing the placement of the decrease, you get very different looking tops on the hat.
This entry was posted in knitting techniques and tagged knitted hat, knitting, Knitting and Crochet, Patons Classic Wool on December 6, 2013 by gillianknitter.
I like the look of the one on the far right (in the first picture).

########
Rank: 28
Score: 76.06312
Retrieved Text: The third in my series of tutorials for working Short Rows demonstrates the German method; this is another technique which uses a yarnover instead of wrapping the turning stitch, but instead of the yarnover itself becoming the extra loop, it’s used to pull up a stitch from below to disguise the turning point.
1. Knit to the turning point, and turn the work. Note that when using this method, you will work up to and including the turning stitch. In the w&t method, you’re technically working to one stitch before the turning stitch.
2. Slip the next stitch purlwise.
3. Bring the working yarn to the back over the right needle, and pull upwards so that the stitch below the slipped stitch is pulled partially up onto the needle. This creates what appears to be an odd-looking double stitch, but it’s not a mistake.
4. Bring the working yarn to the front again between the needles; purl the next row.
2. Bring the working yarn to the front between the needles.
3. Slip the next stitch purlwise.
4. Bring the working yarn to the back over the right needle, and pull upwards so that the stitch below is pulled partially up onto the needle creating what appears to be a double stitch.
5. Knit the next row. On this side, the work is sometimes a little bit tighter because the yarn is already at the back and so has less distance to travel.
1. Knit to the double stitch, which is very obvious in the row.
2. Insert the right needle tip knitwise under both of

########
Rank: 29
Score: 75.75197
Retrieved Text: It is tradition, here are Chez Interrupted, to post my New Year’s Resolutions. As I sit here today, reviewing previous posts and reflecting on the past year, I realize that this year’s resolutions are pretty much the same as last year’s, and the year before that. I guess that it’s easy, in a way, always trying to work on the same stuff, but does that really amount to improving myself?
Lastly, yoga. Yeah. I’ll get right on that.
What I needed was a witty retort.
On Sunday, Mr. Interrupted’s grandmother took us (including his 4 cousins, aunt, uncle, father, father’s wife, and one of the cousin’s bride-to-be) all out to have brunch at “The Club”. Now, there are two things you need to know. First, I am not a “The Club” person. I am descended from a long and proud line of emphatically blue collar folk. I may be the first person in my family history to ever have brunch at “The Club”. Second, no one told us we’d be going to brunch at “The Club” so I failed to pack appropriate “The Club” clothing for myself, the children, and Mr. Interrupted. He and I wore jeans and a nice top. The kids wore jeans and their snow boots. We arrived, feeling festive and ready to eat and socialize. After they took our drink orders, I took the boys up to the buffet line to get them some food. It was then that Some Woman approached me and said, “Excuse me, just so you know for next time, jeans

================



======= Instance Index 8093 =========
Input Text: If a description of a situation begins like this: [header] How to apply liquid lipstick [title] Prep your lips with moisturizing lip balm. [step] Liquid lipstick stays on for a long time and this can dry out your lips. To keep your lips moisturized, apply some moisturizing lip balm to your lips before you apply the liquid lipstick.... Then how
does it continue? 

Ending 1: Simply rub a pea-sized amount of lip balm into your lips, then wait five to ten minutes and then pull off the lip balm. [substeps] Lip balm, on the other hand, is supposed to be applied directly to the lips.

Ending 2: Be sure to choose a moisturizing lip balm specifically designed for lips. This will make the liquid lipstick last longer and won't make lip sectioning any more difficult.

Ending 3: This will help prevent lip pain and flare-ups. [substeps] You can use a dark lip gloss that matches the lipstick shade you choose for your lips or incorporate a lip protector to keep the lips moisturized.

Ending 4: [substeps] Look for a lip balm that is wax based for extra protection, such as a beeswax lip balm. [title] Apply some highlighter around your lip line.

Target Text: Ending 4

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 103.316284
Retrieved Text: A fun tidbit about me - in one of my large lectures at college, my professor referred to me as "lipstick girl" because they didn't know my name. Lipstick has essentially become a part of my identity as I wear it so often. It is most definitely my favorite type of makeup.
I've gotten a lot of questions about how I prep my lips for lipstick lately as it's an important part of the lipstick application process. With the liquid lipstick craze that is so popular right now, dry/cracking lips are a serious issue. This post will discuss the steps I take to prep my before lipstick application and my favorite products to use for that purpose.
Immediately after moisturizing my face, I like to exfoliate my lips using the Elf Lip Exfoliator in Mint Maniac. Any lip scrub will get the job done for this step. I'm also a fan of Lush's lip scrubs, however I prefer the convenience of having a lip exfoliator in bullet lipstick form rather than using my fingers to dig product out of a jar. The Elf Lip Exfoliator is a sugar scrub that buffs out any dry patches. It also contains vitamin E, shea butter, avocado, grape and jojoba oils to bring some moisture and nourishment back into your lips.
Another fun tip on ways to exfoliate your lips is to rub them vigorously on a dry washcloth. This always gets the job done for me when I'm in a pinch and really need smoother lips without using any products!
The Bite Beauty

########
Rank: 1
Score: 88.73178
Retrieved Text: Make a beeline for this deeply nourishing lip balm from Farmacy. Honey Butter Beeswax Lip Balm comes enriched with the three C’s—coconut oil, cocoa butter, and cupuaçu butter—plus honey from Echinacea GreenEnvy™ flowers for an potent antioxidant boost. Deeply nourishing and highly protective, it leaves lips smooth, conditioned, and pillowy-soft for even application of your favorite lipstick.
Featuring a clean formula with nutrient-rich superfoods and organic ingredients shipped fresh from local farms in upstate NY.
Superfood butters and oils sink into the skin to lock in long-lasting moisture while natural humectant Echinacea GreenEnvy™ Honey soothes, hydrates, and delivers potent antioxidants.
Vitamin E softens dry patches while royal jelly nourishes with amino acids and propolis calms and heals damage.
This non-greasy natural lip balm fills in fine lines and wrinkles to leave lips with a smooth, pillowy-soft finish, perfect for your favorite lipstick shade!
Apply to the lips throughout the day and overnight for around-the-clock benefits. To use as a primer, apply to lips before color to fill in lines and create a smooth base.
Beeswax: Conditions lips and acts as a protective barrier to maintain moisture.
Echinacea GreenEnvy Honey: Replenishes moisture, nourishes and soothes.
Vitamin E: Softens dry lips.
Three-C Complex: Coconut oil, cocoa butter and cupuaçu butter hydrate with emollients derived from essential fatty acids.
Super comfortable lip balm, perfect to prep prior to liquid lipsticks since it hydrates but does not give too much slip. There is no honey scent, but at least there is no overpowering flavor. Does not have an obvious glossy finish so my bf will actually willingly use this too!
Very

########
Rank: 2
Score: 86.54848
Retrieved Text: Long-wearing, good coverage and intensive shades! Take your pick from ZAO's selection of matte lipsticks. They are rich in moisturising organic oils that ensure smooth application and soft skin feel.
Prep the lips with ZAO's Liquid Lip Balm.
Stroke the Matte Lipstick in your desired shade directly on the lips or with the help of a lip brush.
To ensure a lasting effect, it is advised to apply a lip liner in a matching shade and draw a line on the contours of the lips before applying the lipstick.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 86.37635
Retrieved Text: It may sound strange, but summer is actually the perfect time to go matte with your lipstick. Since your skin is at its dank, a more matte finish can look really dapper.
Matte liquid lipstick is all the rage, and if you want to jump on this trend you’ll need to know how to apply it properly.
Before you apply any makeup product, you must prep your skin properly. This means, you should scrub your lip using either a lip scrub, make your own, or simply use a washcloth or toothbrush to slough off dry or dead skin.
Pat your lips dry with a towel when you’re done.
Matte liquid lipstick stays on all day, which means it can dry. Moisturize your lips before applying the lipstick to ensure they stay soft and smooth.
3. Put on lip primer.
A lip primer ensures your lipstick will stay in place and not stain or melt away during the day.
Applying lip liner before using your matte lipstick ensures you have lines to fill in.
Choose a liner that is the same shade or slightly lighter than your lipstick. Start at the center of your top lip, the Cupid’s bow, and outline each side. Then, outline your bottom lip and use the liner to completely fill in your lips.
Begin applying the lipstick at your Cupid’s bow and work your way out toward the edges of your top lip. Then, move to your bottom lip and, again, work from the center out. Short strokes will help you achieve a more even color.
Do not be in a rush

########
Rank: 4
Score: 85.23137
Retrieved Text: Lipstick is one of the most classic cosmetics and it is an essential part of every woman’s makeup routine. Makeup trends come and go but lipsticks never go out of style. We apply lipsticks daily because we love the shade, the moisturizing finish, or even its lovely taste. Gone are the days when lipsticks were just a tinted chapsticks, but now everything is changed. You can choose lipsticks according to your choice like its textures, shades, formulations and so on. If you’re a lipstick lover like me, then you will definitely fall in love with these lipstick shades. At Nykaa they have a wide variety of lipsticks for Indian skin that gives you beautiful shades of color. You cannot stop yourself for buying beautiful shades that comes in your budget. Nykaa Offers amazing discounts and deals on lipsticks, lip glosses on the top most famous brands like Loreal, Maybelline, Chamber, MAC, Estee Lauder and so on. Pick your favorite lipsticks like matte lipsticks, shimmery lipsticks, Glossy Lipsticks, semi matte lipsticks and much more. You can also buy a balm that comes in wide variety of ranges like glossy lip balms, tinted lip balms and so on.
There are amazing shades of lipsticks available and you can try this beautiful shade of chamber lipstick that comes in both moisturizer and matte effect in it. It keeps your lips softer and is long lasting wearable with no dryness. The price of this Lipstick is Just Rs 645.
If you are looking for long lasting and creamy matt lipsticks then go

########
Rank: 5
Score: 84.47558
Retrieved Text: I wear lipstick on an almost daily basis, but only started using it a few years ago. I found the entire process intimidating - from picking the right color (these are my favorite five), applying it without looking like a clown, to having it stay put for more than 10 minutes. I&apos;ve since developed a bit of a routine and while the steps are very simple, hopefully other lipstick novices will find it helpful.
Step 1: The most important step is to prep your lips. There are three ways I&apos;ll exfoliate - with a toothbrush, a sugar scrub, or using a wash cloth dipped in warm water and massaging in small circles. Also, I recently tested out this powered lip buffer and it&apos;s amazing.
Step 2: Apply an emollient lip balm. This is the first thing I apply when getting ready, so that I can leave it on while I do the rest of my make-up and get dressed. The longer it stays on, the softer my lips become.
Step 3: Gently remove lip balm. Skipping this step will result in lipstick that doesn&apos;t adhere well.
Step 4: Apply foundation to lips. This acts as a primer and creates a neutral canvas. Make sure to smile when putting it on to fill in the cracks so the lipstick will apply evenly.
Step 6:. Line lips with a pencil in a shade that closely resembles your natural lip color.
Step 7: Apply lipstick in a criss-cross pattern at the cupid&apos;s bow, the outer corners and the bottom of the lip.
Step 8: Working from

########
Rank: 6
Score: 84.384605
Retrieved Text: With its three key actions, ARTIST HYDRABLOOM is a lot more than a lip balm; it is the go-to balm you can use for every look, every day, every situation! Featuring hyaluronic acid spheres, this universal lip balm smoothes and helps moisturize lips for 24 hours*. Associated with eosin, ARTIST HYDRABLOOM adapts to any skin tone to give lips an instant blooming color.
*Moisturizing effect. Instrumental test on 10 subjects.
Apply a thin layer of ARTIST HYDRABLOOM directly to the lips to hydrate and beautify lips with a flush of color. You can also use it as a “lip mask” by applying thick layers of intense hydration.
PRO TIP: ARTIST HYDRABLOOM can be applied over your favorite highly pigmented matte liquid lipstick. It brings comfort and hydration.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 83.39856
Retrieved Text: The newest launch in the world of liquid lipsticks from Bobbi Brown. Just about when you think I’ve had enough of drying, deathly looking liquid lipsticks, heres comes Bobbi Brown. But unlike most liquid lipsticks, these are different….more on that later.
The brand claims these liquid lipsticks to be super-pigmented, squeezable liquid lipstick. Delivers semi-matte, full-coverage color that’s creamy, moisturizing and lightweight. Plus, the long-wearing formula stays color true for gorgeous all day wear. The 17 shades choices range from nudes, pinks, deep reds and berries to bright and bold shades.
First up, they are residents in 5ml plastic squeezey tubes with click on black plastic cap. The squeezing action took me back to Lancôme Juicy Tubes days….anyone remember those?
The product is dispensed as you squeeze the tube, and the application tip is straight cut plastic to spread the product on lips. No doe foot applicator or sponge for application. Some may say this is difficult to work with, personally I prefer this. It’s easier to dispense product as much as I want and gives a good visual to control how much product is being dispensed. Secondly I like mixing shades, and with this delivery system I feel like mixing oil or water colours on my palette.
Many said that after application the tube looked dirty, felt unhygienic etc since the colour was all over the application tip (see pic below). But to me this is far easier to clean with an alcohol swab than a sponge or doe foot applicator.
Now onto the formula, it is certainly super pigmented,

########
Rank: 8
Score: 83.155716
Retrieved Text: Dear lipstick haters, here are 11 recos you just might love!
Lipstick is the easiest gateway to a love affair with makeup. We love how we can change our look and brighten our face almost immediately with the right shade! For others though, lipstick may be the thing they dread the most, the lone product that they can’t get into. As a result, they either avoid wearing lipstick altogether, or treat it like a fancy pair of shoes, only to be used on special occasions.
We get it though – some lipstick formulas just feel off. They can feel heavy and sticky, dry out lips or need to be constantly reapplied so to the point of it being a hassle. If you can relate to the lipstick hate, we hope you reconsider! There ARE lippies that deliver a great punch of color without the added stress. We have 11 picks in different types, shades, and finishes that'll hopefully turn you into a lipstick convert!
If you have dry lips and obvious lip lines, go for moisturizing balm-type formulas. These tubes are often formulated with ingredients that care for your lips while packing on intense color.
Pixi by Petra’s Shea Butter Lip Balm (P420 at BeautyMNL, Glamourbox, and select SM Department Stores) boasts of a super-nourishing formula that includes vitamin E. A single swipe gives a sheer wash of color and can be layered on to create a rosy pink lip.
Here's a new one - the Bobbi Brown Nourishing Lip Color (P1400 at Bobbi Brown counters) is an oil-rich lipstick with

########
Rank: 9
Score: 83.087074
Retrieved Text: Next to eyes, the lips are what women spend the most time on before they go out. The lips can be tricky and learning how to apply it can be a bit tricky. Don’t worry, we have a few tips for you. Before you know it, you’ll learn how to turn your lips into luscious lures for conversation… and maybe even some kisses too!
While it is recommended that you should always consider moisturizing your lips, before you apply lipstick it is uber important. If you aren’t one that is routinely slathering on the lip balm, now would be a good time to exfoliate and then moisturize.
To exfoliate, you can use a sugar scrub. If you don’t have one already bought, it is easy to make this on your own (and then you’ll have it on hand to make sure that your lips always look fabulous).
To make a sugar scrub: Simply combine 1 tbs. brown or white sugar to 1 tsp. cooking oil. Kept for a week on the counter, it won’t go bad.
Additionally, in lieu of a scrub you can also use a soft tipped toothbrush or a damp cloth.
Brush your lips gently with the whatever you have chosen to be your exfoliate. Do so in a light circular motion like you are buffing your lips.
You want to have your tools ready before you begin, so it makes sense to start with picking your colors while you do this.
Hint: Grab your foundation for this process too. An excellent way to ensure that your lips turn out

########
Rank: 10
Score: 82.77744
Retrieved Text: ﻿Don't just light your path, illuminate it!
From a dusty, shiny rose, to a vibrant copper, to a dazzling cranberry- each of our Metallic Liquid Lipsticks comes in 3 aspirational shades. Heavy in pigment, but light in weight, our long-wear formulation glides on seamlessly. These lipsticks leave your lips in a soft, matte finish; while never compromising its motivational shine.
Use the wand to apply Metallic Liquid Lipstick in long left to right motions, starting at the bottom center of the lip. Next, apply to your upper lip starting at the cupid's bow and moving to the outer corner of the lip. Repeat this step for the other side of the lip. Give it about 30 seconds to dry.
To create the ultimate long-wear shine, grab your favorite shade of Metallic Liquid Lipstick and a corresponding RealHer Lip Gloss and mix them together!
Pair Metallic Liquid Lipstick with your favorite REALHER Lip Liner or REALHER Vegan Lip Liner.
SODODECANE: a solvent, also helps prevent the evaporation of water from skin.
PROPYLENE CARBONATE: a solvent and film-forming agent.
DISTEARDIMONIUM HECTORITE: suspending agent, make sure evenly application of color.
TRIMETHYLSILOXYSILICATE: form film to make sure long lasting of formula.
POLYPROPYLSILSESQUIOXANE: form film to make sure long lasting of formula.
BORON NITRIDE: a replacement of talc, fill fine lines for the lips.
I am absolutely in love with this liquid metallic lip, and I'm absolutely going to get the Be You also (and check out the matte liquids)!
I got Be Brave and two moisturizing lipsticks in my first order from Real Her, and of the 3 lip colors I bought

########
Rank: 11
Score: 81.852646
Retrieved Text: In celebration of National Lipstick Day, we’re kissing and telling by sharing some of our must-have lipsticks from the classics to the latest arrivals.
Enhanced with caviar extract, La Prairie’s Cellular Luxe Lip Colour is a full-treatment lipstick that plumps and defines lips.
Softer, fuller lips in an instant. Chanel’s lightweight Rouge Coco Shine features a moisturizing formula and intensified pigments that take color and sheen to a new level of vibrancy.
Dior’s next generation Addict Lacquer Stick combines the comfort of a hydrating lip balm with high-pigment pop shades in a weightless, comfortable formula that lasts for hours. We’re already addicted!
Want your lips to shine, but sick of them feeling sticky? Chantecaille’s Lip Chic is the answer. With the high shine and plumping effect of a gloss and rich, even coverage of a lipstick, Lip Chic will leave your lips feeling both smooth and firm.
From pink neutrals to alluring bold pigments, Tom Ford’s Matte Lip Color creates a powerfully sophisticated look. Our favorite shade of the moment? Plum Lush.
This Saint Laurent Volupté Tint-In-Balm lipstick combines melting balm care with glowing sheer color. The lip-shaped center of the lipstick nourishes the lips with deep moisturizing butters, while the outer core provides a glowing sheer color that is vivid, yet transparent.
The latest lipstick from Hourglass blurs the line between beauty and accessory with 30 shades of creamy, saturated, long wearing lipstick. Our favorite part? The sleek golden applicator that elevates this lipstick to a new level of luxury.
Drench your lips with this super creamy, ultra hydrating formula that conditions and

########
Rank: 12
Score: 81.35304
Retrieved Text: New Younique Splash Liquid Lipstick Comes in 10 Bold and Vibrant Colors With a Long Lasting Matte Finish.
Younique Splash is Ultra Pigmented and Weightless Liquid Lipstick That Moisturizes and Hydrates Your Lips All Day Long With Special Ingredients Plus Vitamins C and E. You’ll Love The Rich Creamy Mousse Texture of This Ultra Smooth Liquid Matte Lipstick. Splash Liquid Lipstick is Sure to Become Your New Favorite Go-To Lip Color Product.
Let your lips do the talking with smooth, silky liquid lipsticks in ten daring colors. Feeling bold? Fearless? Sassy? Give your look a splash of color that showcases your mood best. Formulated with a Bio-Gel complex and moisturizing cocktail of vitamins C and E, these liquid lipsticks aren’t just for making a statement—your lips will feel soft and hydrated, all day long. Apply and strike a pose, because Moodstruck Splash Liquid Lipstick just became your newest must-have, go-to accessory.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 80.95915
Retrieved Text: Rated 4 out of 5 by Allison T from Great Pigmentation, but can get VERY tacky I bought this product in the colour "Vintage" about a week ago, and it's been pretty good so far! The colour stays on, it's very pigmented, and you can build the colour to get that vampy look. It's called "Liquid Suede" but it looks matte to a lot of people (according to everyone that's seen me rock the lip). A couple even mistaken it for a MAC cosmetic, but I forgot the name of it. I really like it, but PLEASE BE AWARE: it can dry out your lips so moisturize them (especially in this weather), and throughout the day, it gets tacky like in texture. But overall, it's been pretty awesome and is now one of my favourite lipsticks now!
Rated 5 out of 5 by Alex from Moisturizing and SO pigmented! I bought the liquid suede lipsticks a couple months ago in sway and stone fox. After a few times of use I can honestly say I'm in love. After getting a good feel for the product I'll definitely be picking out a few more shades to purchase. The pigmentation is borderline magical, now this may be because my lips aren't very coloured, but I did have pigmentation issues with certain shades of the soft matte lip creams (which I also love). If you're expecting some kind of Kat von D liquid to complete matte, want to tear your lips off because they're so dry lipstick, these are not

########
Rank: 14
Score: 80.648384
Retrieved Text: Are there any preparation steps to take before make-up application?
Yes, of course! Make sure you use a good anti-shine primer before make-up application. Smashbox Photo Finish Foundation Primer is a really good one, as is Revlon Photo Ready Perfecting Primer and MAC Prep + Prime Skin Smoother. The formulas vary, but they all work well.
What top tools and products should women with oily skin invest in to ensure long-wear make-up?
A powder puff is an inexpensive yet essential to ensure matte flawless skin. If you try to absorb powder with a brush compared to a puff, there’s no comparison.
Blotting papers are also an inexpensive investment for those with oily skin. You can use them throughout the day without messing up your make-up. Good quality, effective products don’t always have to be expensive, you just need to know the tips and tricks of the trade to spend wisely.
How do women with oily skin keep their make-up looking fresh and matte throughout the day?
In order to keep your make-up fresh, blot periodically with an anti-shine product. I recommend Eve Pearl Anti-Shine or Mally Beauty Face Defender. Follow with a dusting of your powder of choice.
A good skin-care regimen is also a good way to keep make-up looking fresh. Properly washing and moisturising your face with quality products that are appropriate for your skin type provides a foundation for the make-up. Nothing can compare to flawless skin as the base for beautiful make-up.
How can one prevent lower lash-line smudges when applying mascara, and keep the eyes looking refreshed throughout the

########
Rank: 15
Score: 80.340904
Retrieved Text: For last night’s look on the “Menswear” episode of Project Runway, makeup artist Hector Simancas highlighted one of fall’s biggest trends: wine-colored lips. Perfect for the season, these deep, rich shades are sophisticated, mysterious, and nearly as intoxicating as a glass of merlot. Here’s how to recreate the look.
Grab your brush and dust a beige eyeshadow over your lids, then blend a deep brown shadow up and into the crease. For this look, Simancas used Avon True Color Eyeshadow Singles in Beige and Black Brown. Pro tip: Apply eyeshadow before putting on foundation and concealer. Since applying powder shadows can be a messy job, tackling your eyes first means you’ll be able to wipe away any powder residue that falls onto your cheeks without messing up your foundation.
A super skinny strip of black liquid liner is a classic trick that subtly, but noticeably defines your eyes. For this look, paint a thin black line along your upper lashlines with Avon True Color SuperExtend Precise Liquid Pen in Black.
After applying lip balm, trace your lips with Avon True Color Glimmersticks Lip Liner in Chocolate. Moisturizing before applying color means your products will go on easier, look better (no flakes!), and last longer.
Slick a creamy, wine-colored shade like Avon True Color Lipstick in Oxford Wine all over your lips.
To give the look dimension, add a pop of red lipstick (Simancas chose Avon’s Cherry Jubilee) in the center of the lips and blend outward.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 80.29592
Retrieved Text: Castle Dew Crystal Tox Lipstick, I have never seen this but I knew about Castle Dew since I started Blogging. That was 8 awesome years ago!
If Castle Dew does not ring a bell, well, think VOV! Don't you love VOV?
So last Christmas, I received a gift from my friends from Pure Beauty and it includes this lipstick that got my interest!
And the most unique part, the lipstick shade is called Essential Peach and it came with a strip of yellow line in between which I believe is the "essential balm" that can help keep your lips hydrated throughout the day.
This Castledew Crystal Tox Lipstick from VOV features a highly pigmented color and a formulation that is a gentle balm on the lips. It contains avocado oil, vitamin E and jojoba oil that smoothens fine lines and have a rejuvenating effect.
The color, it is really unique as I don't own a similar Essential Peach shade from my lipstick collection.
Long-lasting. Stays on my lips for at least 4 hours, yes, even with drinking.
May be drying on extremely dry lips!
The Castle Dew Crystal Tox lipstick's texture is just like regular lipstick even with a "balm" strip. I was expecting it to be highly moisturizing but it isn't! The shade Essential Peach is super pretty and works for my skin BUT, the color may accentuate my lip lines.
Exfoliate lips if you are a regular lipstick wearer.
If you have pigmented lips like me! Best to conceal the darkness of your lips with a lip concealer or regular concealer before applying light

########
Rank: 17
Score: 80.1758
Retrieved Text: The easy glide, weightless formula with moisturizing, lip-shaping and skin-protecting benefits comes in five delicate, rich colors with an outstandingly radiant finish.
The sensual pleasure of a highly precise application is combined with powerful skincare benefits chosen to create a more defined and attractive pout.
The new formula features Volulip™, a plant-based active ingredient that enhances skin firmness, hydration and softness while creating more volume and also modelling the lips. Enriched with SheaSoft™, a particularly delicate agent based on natural Shea Butter, the Color Burst Lipstick is particularly soft, smooth and silky.
To make your lips look fuller, use a lip pencil first, just on the outer edge of your natural lip line. Fill in with lipstick. Draw a very fine line of highlighting liquid on the top of your cupid's bow. Finally, apply a little gloss in a lighter or opalescent shade in the center of both upper and lower lips.
To make lipstick last longer, apply a long-lasting lip pencil to the entire lip area, allow to dry for 10 seconds and then apply the lipstick or gloss of your choice.
If your lip line is uneven, use a little liquid foundation over the lips first to create a blank canvas on which to create the perfect pout.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 80.145874
Retrieved Text: Today I will talk about the new Urban Decay Meltdown Makeup Remover items! I received these items from UD them self which is such an honor, thank you. I think they knew from the beginning that me and skincare is a better match than me and makeup looks (because I’m a makeup lover, not a makeup artist!). I never heard of the Meltdown Makeup Remover collection until I received these items. UD has been one of my favorite makeup brands since I got their Naked 2 Palette back in the days. From that moment I collected a few lipsticks and concealers from them. Now UD has launched the Dissolving Spray, Cleansing To Oil Stick and the Lip Oil Stick to remove that super long-lasting makeup from your pretty face! We always want our makeup to last forever, but how do you take them of in an easy and fast way? Let’s get started!
Meltdown Makeup Remover Dissolving Spray mists on weightlessly and starts working on contact to instantly dissolve our long-lasting products in one swipe—no rubbing or tugging on delicate skin. Wait until you see how well this spray works; it easily takes everything off, including waterproof mascara. Our super-effective, anhydrous, filler-free formula contains only three ingredients, including conditioning vitamin E.
When I just received this product I thought it was like a micellair water: just apply it with a cotton pad and your makeup is gone! It kinda works the same as a micellair water because it is just one step to remove all the makeup without

########
Rank: 19
Score: 79.74985
Retrieved Text: WEAR MATTE LIPSTICK LIKE A PRO!
The great thing about wearing matte lipsticks is that they go so well when you want a more natural makeup look – if you choose sort of a neutral color. The bad news is that the majority of mattes leave you with dry, cracked lips. Nicolet Beauty matte lipsticks are non-drying and last as long as most of the other brands. Our lipsticks are also cruelty-free.
Mix a tablespoon of brown sugar with just enough honey (or olive oil) to get it to stick together. Once a week (twice at the very max) rub the scrub onto your lips, vigorously enough to loosen the dead skin. Let it sit for 1 minute, then wipe off with a damp washcloth. Apply lip balm after use.
Exfoliating will keep your matte lipstick from looking crusty and/or blotchy.
“After exfoliating (preferably the night before), moisturize your lips using your favorite lip balm or apply some argan, coconut or sweet almond oil. If you want to get the true shade of matte lipstick, first apply concealer all over your lips. Use a lip liner around the edges then fill it in. This will also help the color last longer. Professional makeup artists use this tip all the time. (Find a lip liner of the same shade as your lipstick.) Avoid rubbing your lips together when applying matte lipstick. Use a synthetic lip brush to spread the product all over your lips evenly. Make sure to cover up every little corner of your lips for an elegant, more professional-looking

########
Rank: 20
Score: 79.32936
Retrieved Text: cute lip balm balms are exactly what you imagined in mini ice cream tubs india.
cute lip balm owl online india.
cute lip balm cosmetics kitchen milk cartons pantry peepers balms for sale.
cute lip balm tin pug design funky gift bag bottle in india.
cute lip balm baby lips red black mac cosmetics owl pink lipstick rose diy containers.
cute lip balm ball makeup baby lips a fruity flavor natural plant nutritious care best skin products gloss amazon.
cute lip balm lipstick lasting moisturizing non marking waterproof students sample set diy.
cute lip balm manufacturer high quality paper tube container friendly for how to make containers.
cute lip balm pencil characters lipstick for lips makeup make up gloss clear conditioner from diy containers.
cute lip balm 6 type fruit flavor round ball organic makeup lips set.
cute lip balm wholesale shape container diy containers.
cute lip balm fashion ball shape deep moisturizing baby lips nutritious round lipstick care in from beauty health on india.
cute lip balm gloss fantastic 7 tastes new style lips princess colors moisture natural smacker girl like make up items in from beauty how to contai.
cute lip balm lipstick lasting moisturizing non marking waterproof students sample set containers.
cute lip balm lot of 4 chap ice cherry mini bonus pack names.
cute lip balm sweet strawberry color waterproof temperature change moisturizer magic makeup in india.
cute lip balm fun in cat holder containers.
cute lip balm lot fruit flavor romantic bear round ball pure natural plant balms for sale.
cute lip balm funky narwhal design in india.
cute lip balm round ball smooth fruit care organic natural smacker makeup

########
Rank: 21
Score: 79.32026
Retrieved Text: A picture-perfect pout is only a few steps away.
Instead of using a lip primer, I wear foundation under my lipstick.
Foundation creates an ideal canvas that bonds the lipstick to my lips, ensuring that it lasts all day.
Wearing foundation on my lips has also saved me money since I don't have to worry about buying an additional product.
It's the middle of the day and you've noticed that your lipstick is starting to fade.
You reach for the tube and swipe on a couple more coats only to find yourself reapplying yet again in a few hours. Yep, we've all been there.
Anxious to find a solution for a long-lasting lipstick look, I realized that priming my lips with foundation before adding a lip color helps it last much longer. Similar to how an eyelid primer prevents eyeshadow from wearing off, all makeup in general adheres better to skin that has been prepped. However, rather than spend extra money on a specific lip primer I prefer dabbing a small amount of liquid foundation on my lips instead.
First, make sure that your lips are as smooth as possible. An even canvas is the best surface for flawless lipstick. Exfoliating with a damp, clean toothbrush or using a sugar scrub like Lush's Bubblegum Lip Scrub quickly gets the job done.
Be sure to scrub gently.
Next, follow up with your favorite lip balm. ChapStick is my go-to product since it locks in moisture without feeling too greasy.
You don't need too much lip balm.
Then, use either your fingertips or a flat makeup brush to rub

########
Rank: 22
Score: 79.30018
Retrieved Text: Thanks in part to a certain new mom from Calabasas, who also has a penchant for colorful wigs and liquid lipstick, getting lip fillers is now about as pedestrian as having a facial in some beauty circles. While the cosmetic industry will surely thank her for the uptick in bookings, the truth is that naturally full lips have long been considered attractive. And the good news is that there are plenty of products and techniques you can try before resorting to the needle.
First things first: hydration. Finding a lip balm that works for you is crucial — your lips actually look smaller when they're dehydrated. It's a weird analogy, but think of how a sponge shrinks as it's wrung out, then enlarges when it absorbs water again.
Lip-balm preferences are seemingly as hardwired as being a morning or night person, so the best lip balm for you is whichever one you'll remember to apply. By Terry's Baume de Rose is an expensive — but truly unrivaled — moisturizing pick, and Charlotte Tilbury's new Collagen Lip Bath, which launches in May, is very promising. Collagen doesn't perform topically in the same way it does subcutaneously, as the molecules are too big to penetrate the skin, so take that part of the name with a grain of salt. Either way, it's excellent for hydrating, and contains peppermint extract to give a subtle plumping effect without the telltale burning sensation of a lip plumper.
And about that burning sensation: The reason so many lip plumpers are painful to use is that

########
Rank: 23
Score: 79.26239
Retrieved Text: Give your lips a soft and smooth look with the Soft Touch Lipstick. Its rich creamy formula enhances the lips, while keeping them moisturized and nourished. With Vitamin A and E and apricot oil, the Soft Touch Lipstick has anti-aging properties that protect the lips from chapping and discoloration. With a unique fig fragrance, the Soft Touch Lipstick is available in 30 classy shades.
HOT-e is deep maroon in color with some red and rose undertones. In photos, it is looking more reddish, but in real, it leans towards maroon shade.
Texture of the lipstick is creamy and smooth and glides easily on the lips. It is highly pigmented and one swipe is enough to give full opaque coverage. It hides lip pigmentation completely. Colorbar claims that the lipstick has Vitamin A and E and apricot oil. Because of this, the lipstick is very moisturizing and there is no need to apply lip balm and does not make the lips dry. The lipstick gives a smooth look to the lips. It does not emphasize fine lines and does not flake. Since it’s creamy, you should use a lip liner with this.
Staying power of the lipstick is good and on me it stays easily for around 4 to 5 hours with small snacks. Once it starts fading, it leaves a beautiful tinge behind which stays on the lips for a long time. I had the same problem with this lipstick that I had with “Matina” shade from this range. That is, it stains the teeth if you put on

########
Rank: 24
Score: 79.008965
Retrieved Text: Go Mad Over Matte without drying out. This Matte lip color delivers intense opaque color without sucking all the moisture outta your lips.
Great for someone who struggles with dry, chapped lips when wearing matte lipstick, this long-lasting matte liquid lipstick from Pony Effect delivers vibrant, intense, and rich pigment without drying out your lips, thanks to moisturising ingredients such as Murumuru Seed Butter and Brazil Nut Seed Oil.
Creamy soft in texture, the nourishing formula glides on smoothly.
The doe foot applicator is uniquely shaped such that you can sharpen edges and correct before the lip liquid sets.
Use the wand applicator to line well-exfoliated lips and fill in with one thin layer.
1. For more moisturized lips, layer lip balm underneath or gloss on top.
2. For a more natural look, apply a few dots the center of lower lip and quickly blend, then press lips together.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 78.983215
Retrieved Text: Lipstick is a cosmetic product containing pigments, oils, waxes, and emollients that apply color, texture, and protection to the lips. Shop an online best-in-class selection of lipsticks includes matte & glossy shades from top makeup brands. Leave Lips Looking Gorgeous With a Liquid Lipstick in Wearable Metallic Shades. Touch Éclat. All Hours. Custom Engraving. Free Shipping on $10+ Types: Foundation, Lipstick, Highlighter, Mascara, Concealer, Color Corrector, Primer, Eyeshadow, Lip Balm, Lip Stain.
Maybelline New York Color Sensational Elixir Lip Color "CHOOSE YOUR SHADE!"

########
Rank: 26
Score: 78.93715
Retrieved Text: Key Difference: Lipstick and lip stain, both are equivalent to each other in that they color the lips. The main difference between both these cosmetic products is that lipstick is of solid form, whereas lip stain is of liquid form or gel form.
The foremost difference between both the terms is the way they are produced. The ingredients in these products play an important role. A lipstick basically is produced from wax, and contains oils, antioxidants and emollients, whereas lip stain does not contain wax.
Lipsticks are available in different shades like red, pink, brown, violet, green etc. The most preferable and the popular colors worn by women nowadays are red, brown, maroon and pink. Women usually select shades according to their skin color. They also come in numerous flavors of fruits like strawberry, cherry, grapes, and many more.
Lipstick is one of the most needed products that one can see in almost each woman’s handbag. Ancient Mesopotamian women were possibly the first women to invent and wear lipstick. During 19th century, the dark red lipstick became very popular and after that the different colors came into existence, but with limited number of shades.
Lip stains, nowadays are widely used term. It is more like a lip color. Lip stain is basically a cosmetic product which temporarily stains the lips, the color of which sometimes lasts all day. Before applying or using lip stain, one should notice their lips first. Lip stain is a sticky gel, and a bit of alcohol is added in the product, which dries the lips.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 77.93606
Retrieved Text: Step 1: Start by outlining your lips with the Lip Cheat lip liner in Pillow Talk. Outline just over your natural lip line to cheat fuller lips, and leave a stencil for your matte liquid lipstick.
Step 2: Using the crescent-shaped applicator that hugs your lips, apply the Hollywood Lips matte liquid lipstick in Platinum Blonde. The genius formula gives you full coverage instantly, for a showstopping Hollywood finish!

########
Rank: 28
Score: 77.83813
Retrieved Text: With these lipstick application tips and tricks, your lipstick will never embarrass you at a lunch meeting or on a date again — in fact, it'll make you the most memorable.... Your lipstick might wear off due to you eating food, talking, sipping and at times with your emotion drove tears. So how to keep it in the right place?
Stila Stay All Day Liquid Lipstick ($24): “I love this long-wearing lipstick from Stila. The pigments are super rich and they have a huge selection of colors, which are beautiful,” says makeup maven Fiona Stiles , who paints the faces of Amy Adams, Elizabeth Banks and Jennifer Garner.... Stila Stay All Day Liquid Lipstick ($24): “I love this long-wearing lipstick from Stila. The pigments are super rich and they have a huge selection of colors, which are beautiful,” says makeup maven Fiona Stiles , who paints the faces of Amy Adams, Elizabeth Banks and Jennifer Garner.
When I wear lipstick I actually don't eat, or I reapply when I finish eating. To drink, I just use a straw. To answer your question though, apply your lipstick first, blot, gently press on translucent powder, and then re-apply lipstick over the top. You can do that as many …... 22/06/2010 · This way you use less and the lipstick stays on longer because it can absorb. this does make it more of a lip stain but it works well. About the lip gloss, i am not sure what to tell you. they are products that you can apply for longer

########
Rank: 29
Score: 77.6748
Retrieved Text: I love moisture based lipsticks. I still remember at the time of farewell, my friend applied matte lipstick that settled badly in the fine lines of her lips. It looked so ugly that I had to forcibly apply my lipstick on her lips. Today I am going to discuss my experience with Faces Cosmetics Ultra Moist Lipstick in Pretty Pink.
Sport kissable glamorous lips with a little extra care! Sealed with extra smooth texture and extremely moist formula with the goodness of shea butter, and almond extracts, FACES Ultra Moist is surely the next preferred choice for every fashionista.
Faces Cosmetics Ultra Moist Lipstick comes in a black-ish purple toned cardboard packaging with all the information written over it. The actual product comes in a sturdy, metallic black-ish purple toned tube with ‘Faces’ written over the silver ring. The packaging is almost same as that of Faces Go Chic Lipstick. The lid of the lipstick snaps shut satisfactorily and won’t create a mess in the bag. There is a sticker stuck at the base of the lipstick that mentions shade number and name. The color of the sticker depicts the shade so it would be easy to identify a particular shade in case you hoard many from this range. Overall the packaging is quite lightweight and looks classy. The scent of the lipstick is very mild and hardly noticeable.
The formula of the lipstick is very soft, smooth and creamy. It is applied easily but you have to be careful while applying this shade as any smudge or mistake

================



======= Instance Index 3919 =========
Input Text: If a description of a situation begins like this: [header] How to use argan oil for acne [title] Test argan oil on your skin. [step] Argan oil has a " non-comedogenic " rating of 0 out of 5. This means that argan oil will not clog pores and it is unlikely to cause acne.... Then how
does it continue? 

Ending 1: Nevertheless, it's best to test argan oil on a small area of your face before you use it. [substeps] To test argan oil, put a small amount of argan oil on a small, clear area of your cheek.

Ending 2: Choose a product formulated for treating acne and then test the product on your face. [substeps] Consider getting argan oil from your dermatologist or pharmacist.

Ending 3: Argan oil can dissolve some acne pore reducing compounds, so test it on a small small, unobstructed area of your face. [substeps] That is, make sure you test it on your forehead, under your eyes, around your ears, and on your chest.

Ending 4: It is best to use argan oil alone, in a bowl or on a small object. [title] Know that argan oil works with salicylic acid.

Target Text: Ending 1

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 103.24243
Retrieved Text: Want to get rid of your acne faster?
Start using argan oil for acne treatment now. The use of this oil will not only help you remove your acne but also ensure your healthy skin.
Don’t we all love smooth and flawless skin? The biggest obstacle in the way of having the perfect kind of skin is acne.
When you touch your face, you subconsciously wish for the smoothest texture possible. But alas, you find yourself counting the number of acne you have on your skin that was once smooth.
If you want to know a bit more about how you can get the best out of argan oil for your acne, skin and various other health benefits, then don’t waste any more time and read on.
Why argan oil is good for acne treatment?
How you can use argan oil for relieving acne?
The oil derived from the seeds of argan fruits is what we call argan oil.
The oil derivation process usually takes several days since the nut kernels are removed from the shells first and then the nuts are grounded up by hand to produce the oil from them.
But trust me on this, the wait is definitely worth with what you get in return!
Argan oil is also known as liquid gold or miracle oil, and it gained tremendous popularity over the past few years. As this oil has many uses, it is a favorite of many.
Why Use Argan Oil for Acne?
There are so many beauty products like creams, lotions, serums that you may use for your skin.
Along with the benefits they

########
Rank: 1
Score: 99.77871
Retrieved Text: Argan oil is helping women and men look younger than they have in years. For centuries, women in Morocco have known about argan oil and now the rest of the world is in on this beauty secret.
Argan oil is all natural and has many times the concentration of Vitamin E as olive oil. Combined with the other natural vitamins and nutrients, argan oil can make your skin look and feel better than it has in years.
Argan Oil Natural Anti Aging – Does it work?
Does it work? Absolutely. Women and men around the world are using argan oil as a natural way to stop the aging process. First available only in Morocco and surrounding areas where the argan tree grows, travelers have brought argan oil back to their native countries and introduced its near magical effects to a global market.
The composition of the oil is highly effective in moisturizing, promoting elasticity, erasing fine lines and wrinkles and even diminishing acne scarring and other scar tissue. Pure argan oil is now available in specialty shops, retailers and e-tailers around the world.
Argan Oil Natural Anti-Aging – How does it work?
The secret to the oil’s success is actually its unique combination of nutrients that have evolved over the centuries. This liquid gold is rich with Vitamin E and essential fatty acids among other beneficial nutrients and enzymes. Individually and collectively these nutrients help your skin look radiant while diminishing fine lines and wrinkles.
People are often amazed at how healthy your skin looks – and it should! It will be healthier

########
Rank: 2
Score: 98.51463
Retrieved Text: Acne is often the result of oily skin. Since argan oil is non-greasy, it helps to balance skin by providing natural moisture. Argan oil also contains anti-oxidants which help to heal damaged skin cells and reduce inflammation.
Discover the moisturizing & anti-aging benefits of Argan Oil. Can improve elasticity for healthier-looking skin.
Why Argan Oil Should Be a Staple in Your Beauty Cabinet Moisturizing and soothing, argan oil suits all skin types and provides serious anti-aging benefits.
We asked 20 leading UK beauty bloggers for their top Argan Oil benefits and tips. Our roundup covers how to use Argan Oil for hair, skin, nails and more!. Similar to using a facial oil in your skincare routine even if you have oily skin!
Have ou tried Moroccan Argan Oil? It has so Many Benefits it's like having 5 beauty products in ONE. Discover The Top 20 Argan Oil Benefits Now.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 98.486725
Retrieved Text: If you are one of the many people who suffer from skin related and hair problems, you would be constantly looking for a solution that helps you get rid of these traumatic problems instantly. There are several beauty products that are available in the market to treat skin and hair disorders. However, they contain harsh chemicals and are not beneficial in the long run. Hence, we will discuss here the benefits of argan oil.
Have you ever considered a more natural way to achieve beautiful hair and skin? There are several herbal and natural oils that claim to give beautiful hair and skin. Argan oil is one such oil that stands out as an expedient oil product that promises to give beautiful skin and hair. The benefits of argan oil are plenty and consistent usage delivers glowing skin and beautiful hair.
Wondering what is argan oil and where does it come from? Argan oil is often called as “Liquid gold”. It is extracted from the Argan tree. It is a tree found abundantly in Morocco and immensely known for its beneficial properties. The oil is obtained from the fruit that is highly nutritious and a wholesome value. It is rich in fatty acids and Vitamin E.
Argan oil is extracted by crushing the nut inside the fruit. Argan oil can be used as a diet supplement, hair conditioner and massaging oil. It is also known to be an excellent disinfectant and used commonly in first aid kits. Argan oil can be used to treat insect bites, bug bites, rashes

########
Rank: 4
Score: 95.984436
Retrieved Text: Argan oil is conventionally used as a skin moisturizer to help the skin hydrate and soften. With high vitamin E and fatty acid content, argan oil is an archetype product that addresses several skin problems like eczema, skin inflammation, etc. It absorbs into your skin easily to give it a natural boost. The product is non-greasy and not a skin-irritant.
Argan oil can be used easily all over your body. With just a few drops of the oil in your palm, rub it around your body in gentle motions like you would use any face or body lotion.
Argan oil is a proven hair conditioner that works to make your hair soft, silky and shiny. It can also treat split ends and tame frizzy hair. Argan oil comes in several kinds of applications and products. One can employ argan oil in various ways for different results.
Argan oil is commonly used as a styling agent for it has an ability to tame frizzy hair and to give your manes a shine. It helps making the hair more manageable while adding to it a healthy and attractive shine. Rub a few drops of the product in your palms and comb your hair through your fingers to apply. This is an ideal practice to bring in to your daily routine after blow-drying hair.
Argan oil not only is an effective moisturizer, but also it does give your skin a youthful glow, thereby, culminating the visibility of fine lines and wrinkles. For its’ antioxidant effects, argan oil turns up as an ideal anti-ageing

########
Rank: 5
Score: 95.56491
Retrieved Text: Oil of Argan: What is Argan Oil and Why I Love It!
When In Manila, don’t we all have our daily beauty regimens? Whether it’s a simple powder and gloss to a full make-up, we have that trusted product/brand that we love.
Now let me share with you my new favorite product that is now part of my everyday routine — Oil of Argan.
I’m no beauty blogger but being a disciple of hair coloring, I’ve read a lot already about this Argan oil and the wonders it does to colored hair. So, my curiosity was instantly piqued.
What then, is Oil of Argan?
Argan Oil, dubbed as “LIQUID GOLD” by Europeans, is an all-natural organic oil that has amazing cosmetic properties. This rare oil is extracted from the nuts of the Argan Tree that can be found in Southwest Morocco. Argan Oil’s blend of Omega-6, Vitamin E, and other essential fatty acids makes it a potent moisturizer and antioxidant. When used regularly, Argan Oil restores the natural freshness and tightness of skin and prevents signs of premature ageing. It also nourishes scalp and hair.
You can only get the full cosmetic benefits of Moroccan Argan Oil when the extract is pure and fresh. The best way to identify quality virgin Argan Oil is through its natural nutty scent.
We’ve heard a lot about different oils but why is Argan Oil the best?
Argan oil gives a handful of benefits to the skin and hair. And what I love most is its hair benefits! I’ve been coloring my hair for the past two years

########
Rank: 6
Score: 95.35336
Retrieved Text: We chose argan oil as our main ingredient after experiencing it's amazing skin benefits and learning about the rich history. Argan oil is truly a fantastic, multi-faceted, multi-use, multi-skin-type product which is why we couldn't deny centering an entire natural skin care line around it. As of that weren't enough, it's produced in a way, and by a people that we feel priveleged to support.
The argan oil itself is produced by first picking the fruits and drying them in the sun. Then, the thick skin of the argan fruit is removed, as well as the pulp to reveal the nut in its center. The fantastic argan nut is then hand-cracked with stones and pressed to extract beautiful, beneficial and pure argan oil. The flesh of the fruit and the remainder of the ground seeds are used as animal feed, so there is very little waste. Though there are some large capacity facilities, often these processes are still performed by hand in Morocco using only basic tools, and usually by women. I proudly support those women who perform these arduous tasks to better themselves and their families in a very male-dominated country. Even the large argan oil facilities are located in the production region and comprised of a mostly female workforce.
In Morocco, argan oil is used regularly as a dip for breads and salad dressings due to its nutty flavor and healthy fatty acid content. Much like olive oil, consumption of argan oil has been associated with combating obesity, cardiovascular diseases, and cancer prevention.
Argan oil has so

########
Rank: 7
Score: 95.108826
Retrieved Text: Argan Oil (origin : Morocco) is rich in vitamin E and various essential fatty acids. It is great for a daily moisturizer, skin treatment, treating spilt ends, and softening cuticles among other things. It's gentle enough to use on all skin types and can help with skin conditions including acne. Argan Oil easily absorbs into your skin to give a youthful glow. Argan Oil has amazing healing, conditioning, and anti aging properties to keep the skin and hair nourished and revitalized. A staple ingredient in most anti-aging products, Argan Oil, also known as Moroccan Oil, is made from the kernels of the Argan tree. Traditionally, it is pressed from the pits, the Oil is popular because of the culinary and cosmetic uses.
Argan Oils is very popular Oil for skin and hair in the cosmetic industry. Argan Oil has antioxidizing effects, which make it a fantastic ingredient in various cosmetic products, specifically, hair, skin and nails.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 94.93802
Retrieved Text: Within the past several years argan oil has been introduced to a global market as a beauty elixir. Now, the argan oil industry appears to keep repaying the country from which this amazing oil came from. Argan trees are protected by UNESCO, and many cooperatives share profits of the oil with the local people, which goes back to their community and keeps the industry there sustainable. Argan oil is often referred to as “liquid gold” because of its reputation for treating a variety of physical conditions and as an anti-aging aid.
Argan oil is very rich in beneficial nutrients including vitamin E and fatty acids. Its properties make it particularly beneficial for skin and hair, which makes it a popular cosmetic choice for many people. Here are 15 uses for argan oil.
Since argan oil regulates the production of sebum (1), which causes acne, its use can help reduce further breakouts. The vitamin E present in the oil contains anti-oxidants that help remove dead cells and help new ones grow, therefore fading acne scars. If you are using argan oil as your moisturizer, but are still fighting acne, place a drop in the palm of your hand and lightly dab a bit extra into problem areas.
High temperature is extremely harmful for your hair. You can definitely protect your hair from heat by using argan oil. Apply it regularly on your hair to minimize the harsh effect of heat. It is best to apply 2-3 times a week to condition and repair the hair shaft.
Massage a few drops of

########
Rank: 9
Score: 94.916504
Retrieved Text: Argan Oil A.K.A the “Liquid Gold” is the natural elixir of beauty. Extracted from kernels o the argan tree, it is implicitly found only in Morocco. But what is the hype all about?
“The Liquid Gold” was a term given to Argan oil for its all-rounder beauty benefits. It is the natural way of combating various beauty breakdowns we all go through at some point.
Be it age, excessive stress or just genes related problems, you will find a solution in this natural ingredient.
Where Is Argan Oil Found?
Exclusively found in Morocco, it is an organic product extremely rich is Vitamin E and Essential Fatty acids. It’s being heavily used in cosmetics for its benefits that include skin care and hair nourishing.
With it’s authentic and pure essence, argan oil is a trusted element in any product. From shampoos to creams and serums to body washes, it is used in this industry ever since. You can differentiate between a natural and artificial Argan oil by its fragrance. It leaves behind a nutty, dense and a very strong fragrance that proves it’s quality.
Always buy an authentic 100% Pure and Organic Argan Oil.
Argan oil is rich in Vitamin A, E and Omega-6/ Omega-3 fatty acids and Linoleic acid.
Vitamin A is a strong antioxidant. It fights free radical and oxidation making our skin look healthy. It reduces inflammation and skin reactions. It is also involved with cell regeneration, slowing the process of aging.
It is a fat-soluble Vitamin, that helps maintain neurological processes and organ functioning. It repairs skin tissues and helps them look

########
Rank: 10
Score: 94.89422
Retrieved Text: What Are The Top Benefits of Arganrain Argan Oil For Skin And Your Face?
Arganrain argan oil treatment is highly effective at treating skin complaints, including dry and flaky skin and brittle and lifeless hair. It's even effective against juvenile acne.
This is due to the high content of fatty acids contained within the oil,and it comes to nourishing the face perfectly.
Massaging trough Arganrain argan oil regulalry the stomach, legs, and other problem areas with this mircale Argan oil has been shown to improve the appearance of various skin blemishes.
Rubbing the appropriate area with argan oil deeply nourishes and improves the elasticity of the skin, and can even improve the skin's firmness. The oil can also be used to improve the appearance of acne scars on the face.
Keep using of Moroccan organic Arganrain best argan oil on the skin, for instance through massage, it helps your skin to relax and enables your pores to breathe.
This in turn helps reduce the frequency of spots and pimples and keeps your skin silky smooth.
The rich in vitamin E content of Arganrain argan oil gives your skin the nutrients it needs to stay healthy and can also protect the surface of your skin from harmful outside influences.
Easing the itch means your skin has time to heal and become strong again.
The moisturising properties of Arganrain argan oil can make an itchy and flaky scalp a thing of the past.
Massaging the Arganrain argan oil product-you can find organic oil here- onto the hair and scalp has exactly the same effect as massaging it onto

########
Rank: 11
Score: 94.56831
Retrieved Text: If you stroll through the beauty and cosmetics aisle of any store, you’ll see argan oil listed as a key ingredient in dozens, if not hundreds, of products. Thousands of clinical trials have put the benefits of argan oil on center stage.
Is argan oil good for hair? What can you use argan oil for?
Argan oil, which comes from a small fruit native to Morocco, is known as “liquid gold” because of its many beneficial properties for health and beauty.
The oil is a go-to beauty item to have on hand for healthy hair, skin, and much more. So what are all of the uses and benefits of argan oil?
1. Packed With Nutrients: Argan oil is a rich source of vitamin E, vitamin A, fatty acids, and anti-oxidants. That’s where all of the oil’s diverse benefits come from.
2. Everyday Facial Moisturizer: One or two drops of argan oil applied each day will keep your face moisturized without leaving your skin feeling oily.
3. Hydrating Toner: Argan oil benefits for face? You bet. As a toner, argan oil can help to give your face an even glow while hydrating your skin. Simply add a couple of drops to your daily toner, moisturizer, or liquid foundation.
4. Get Rid of Facial Oil: Regularly applying pure argan oil for skin treatment reduces the oiliness or greasiness of skin by reducing sebum levels, according to a 2007 study.
5. Reduce Acne: Argan oil for skin care can help to fight acne by reducing skin’s oiliness, as shown in the study above.
6. Improve Elasticity In Aging

########
Rank: 12
Score: 93.87294
Retrieved Text: It's seriously magical—especially if you have oily or acne-prone skin.
Here’s what I’m guessing you know about argan oil: It’s an oil, and, uh, people use it for…beauty…stuff. Which, hey, you’re not wrong! Argan oil is one of those ingredients that you see in every product, read about in every article, and yet still have no clue as to why, exactly, it’s so awesome. And I’m here to change that.
Well, me and my buds, Josie Maran (yes, the one-and-only founder of the cult-favorite Josie Maran cosmetics, which uses argan oil as a key ingredient in all of its products) and New York City dermatologist Patricia Wexler, M.D. Together, we’re breaking down everything you need to know about argan oil, and serving up a few of our favorite products, so you can get in on the glow-maker everyone loves.
First up: Not all oils are created equal.
Alright, so you know there’s a major difference between canola oil and motor oil, but what about skin oils? As it turns out, every face oil has a different formulation, weight, and absorption rate, making some better suited for certain skin types and concerns than others. Castor oil and grape-seed oil, for example, decrease excess oil on acne-prone skin, while coconut oil and avocado oil act as incredibly rich moisturizers for dry skin.
Argan oil, however, falls in the middle of the spectrum—it’s not too heavy, not too light—making it perfect to use on all skin types. It’s packed with omega fatty acids, vitamin E, and linoleic acids, all of which work to lightly

########
Rank: 13
Score: 93.71322
Retrieved Text: Make your own natural body scrub from sugar and coconut oil will help getting rid of the dead skin cells, leaving you with smoother skin. External application of argan oil can help in boosting production of cells and result in healthier, thick and good looking hair. Dry hair Argan oil has proven itself for centuries in Morocco. To use Argan oil to treat hair loss, place a few drops of the oil onto your fingertips and massage it into your scalp using a circular motion.While these healthy fatty acids can be found in both plant and fish oils, research has shown that essential fatty acids from plants are twice as effective as from fish oils. My hair gets greasy at the roots, smokes when straightened and despite all the oil, remains dry, brittle and frizzy. GoPure Naturals Organic Argan Oil for hair and skin safely nourishes, moisturizes and heals the natural way.Part hair one section at a time and rub coconut oil into scalp. Add just a couple of drops of Argan oil to any food grade carrier oil such as coconut, almond or jojoba oil and apply the mixture on the entire body. So these are five of the most popular argan oils available in the market which can be used for moisturizing your skin and hair and giving them a new lease of life.I find the Argan oil makes it incredibly soft and silky when it's dry. Take equal measures of olive oil, coconut oil, vitamin E oil, and any other oil you have

########
Rank: 14
Score: 93.652336
Retrieved Text: Heard of argan oil? Want to learn more about its benefits for both beauty and health? Join us as we take a look!
But first … What IS argan oil?
Argan oil is another one of those wondrous beauty oils that seem to be all the craze right now. But while they’re certainly all the craze with women who care about their health and beauty, these oils have been around for thousands of years.
Argan oil – which is also referred to as Liquid Gold or just Moroccan Oil – originates from Morocco, a land of mystery and exotic spices, herbs – and oils. Indeed, Moroccan women have been using argan oil for centuries, as they have long known about its benefits for their skin, hair and overall health.
In 2017, even celebrities are now using this ancient oil!
But what can it do for YOU?!
Well, since it’s rich in antioxidants, essential fatty acids and vitamin E, it can do quite a lot. Let’s take a look at 10 fantastic benefits of argan oil for beauty and health.
Would we go as far as saying that women obsess over their skin? Yes!
Guys don’t get it. Guys – probably because they’re from Mars – don’t have to get it. See, guys are blessed with amazing skin that never seems to stop glowing.
Women, on the other hand, have to work very hard to restore their skin’s healthy glow. Like, really hard.
It’s why you see us stocking up on essential oils from the store, and eating as clean as possible (just pretend those 5 slices

########
Rank: 15
Score: 93.51121
Retrieved Text: Argan oil is produced from the Argan tree which is commonly found in Morocco, hence it's also known by its more popular name - Moroccan Oil. So what's all the hype about?
It's one of the rarest oils because the Argan tree is endangered and under UNESCO protection which explains why argan oil can be so expensive to buy, depending on its purity.
Its no secret that this oil is one of the best natural treatments for most hair and skin conditions such as eczema, and is also used to reduce stretch marks during pregnancy and weight loss. If you suffer from skin conditions like acne, it has been noted that the regular use of argan oil will help reduce skin blemishes and can help fade away acne scars.
Traditionally it has been used for dipping bread, or drizzled on couscous, salads etc.
Some research has shown that the daily consumption of argan oil can be a factor in helping in the prevention of cancer, cardiovascular diseases, and obesity. One study found that a regular intake of argan oil led to reduced levels of cholesterol, when compared to the ingestion of normal animal fat.
It's plant sterols can reduce inflammation and it has been shown to improve symptoms of arthritis and rheumatism.
It can also be used as a disinfectant and can be used to heal and protect skin from cuts and burns.
There are limtless uses for this amazing organic oil, but a word of caution - only buy reputable products which use pure freetrade argan oil so that you can receive

########
Rank: 16
Score: 93.38702
Retrieved Text: This is pure, unadulterated Argan oil is a clear yellow liquid, with a hint of the sweet fragrance of palmarosa and almond. BHP Argan oil, which is rich in vitamin. E, antioxidants, and carotenes are superior to the aging delicate tissues on the face and neck.
Argan oil is considered the best anti-aging product on the market today because it is rich in skin-replenishing components, including flavonoids, oleic acid, linoleic acid and fatty acids.
The Argan tree grows solely in the southwestern part of Morocco. Its oil is obtained from the nut which looks like a cross between a walnut and an almond.
Apply directly to skin after bathing while skin is still moist, this is a wonderful and simple dry or mature skin treatment.
Apply it to your hair and/or scalp for a healing hair treatment.
Soak your nails in this oil to prevent nail or cuticle dryness. Argan oil is recommended for oily skin, eczema, and psoriasis; however, use with care if you're prone to large pores or acne as these may be exacerbated. Because it's so high in vitamin E and phytosterols, this oil is also recommended for scars.
Argan oil is commonly called "liquid gold" in Europe. Our Argan oil has been refined to remove impurities and particulars which is characteristic of organic Argan oil.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 93.1039
Retrieved Text: Here are our Top 3 Reasons We Love Argan OIl - and why you should too!
Argan oil is naturally anti-bacterial, anti-inflammatory and contains powerful anti-oxidants. The natural Vitamin E helps improve cell turnover and nutralize damaging free radicals. As we age, our skin loses elasticity and moisture. Argan oil is gentle enough to use as a daily moisturizer or night cream, and with continued use, you will see a reduction in fine lines and wrinkles.
Acne can be an awful cycle - Oily skin produces excess sebum to combat a lack of true moisture. Argan oil soaks into the skin very quickly and regulates the over-production of sebum which causes acne. And the Vitamin E helps fade scars, too!
For beautiful skin, cleanse with an all-natural soap, like our Detoxifying Charcoal Soap to deep clean pores. Apply a few drops of Argan oil to seal in moisture.
Motherhood is an adventure from the start! As baby grows, the elastin and dermal collagen in your skin can become damaged - resulting in stretch marks. Argan oil’s antioxidants and anti-inflammatory agents help the skin remain supple.
Even better, Argan oil is gentle enough to be used on baby skin, and can help combat baby eczema. After a bath, massage a few drops into baby's skin to reap the rewards!

########
Rank: 18
Score: 92.96948
Retrieved Text: Argan Oil's naturally high concentration in Vitamin E and essential fatty acids work to alleviate dry skin and rough patches.
With regular use, Argan Oil is widely reported to heal existing acne blemishes, and help reduce scarring.
Massage a few drops of Argan Oil onto your cuticles to soften and condition.
Rub oil between your hands and smooth through hair to minimize fly-aways and treat split ends.
Argan Oil easily absorbs into skin to give you a youthful, dewy glow.
100% pure, organic Argan Oil is safe enough to use on your baby's delicate skin to help treat dryness and soothe redness. You can also smooth over your stomach during pregnancy to help prevent stretch marks.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 92.9134
Retrieved Text: Ever heard of Morocco's liquid gold???????????? I am extremely excited to bring to light for the second time the exclusive Argan oils from Formidable London .
We are not talking about your average class Argan oils but rather of a brand that uses the highest quality Argan oils known worldwide. Their Argan oil is extracted naturally free of chemicals in the Sous valley in the south of Morocco.
Remember that when you use high quality Argan oil you will reap all the benefits of using a natural product. All their Argan oils are 100% Organic.
The problem with the mass worldwide market is that most companies try to reduce production costs by diluting their Argan oil. When you buy cheaper Argan oil you will unfortunately be exposed to ingredients that will affect the oil itself.
Formidable London ONLY uses natural Argan oil!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! This is KEY when buying your Argan oil.
Formidable London has developed two further scents of Argan oils : Rose Argan Oil and Oriental Amber Argan Oil.
I can't explain how much I adore their oils. They hold so many uses that are key to effective hair care, nail care and skin care.
BOTH men and women can use the Argan oils for all hair, nails and skin needs.
The Argan oil not only acts as a skin moisturiser but also is known to be effective in those who have acne or rosacea.
You are probably wondering how can an oil be effective on oily skin? Simple, this is mainly because of it's unique property of being lightweight and non-greasy. It has the

########
Rank: 20
Score: 92.863815
Retrieved Text: All you need is a few drops of pure argan oil. If you're worried about looking shiny during the day, though, try applying oils after washing your face at night, instead. If you have dandruff or dry scalp, do an overnight treatment twice per week until dandruff is gone. The VoilaVe Argan oil is a great option for women that decided to go for pure natural products.Extract few drops of the Argan oil and apply it on the shaved skin surface. Lip Exfoliator and Softener - Apply a drop of Argan oil directly to your lips to experience a smoothness or mix a few drops of Argan oil with brown sugar and vanilla extract and massage the lips in circular motion. Because of its greasy nature, oil is the black sheep of the beauty world. Pure organic argan oil is extracted from the kernels of the argan tree: a plant native to Morocco and the Argan Forest.I have been using argan oil for several years for my face (moisturizer) and hair (after drying - use VERY sparingly! Then, faster than you can say "frizz-free," the hair-care aisle started exploding with loads of alternatives like keratin oil, macadamia oil, and almond oil. The price of the argan oil is affordable and is cheaper as compared to other argan oils available in the market. Argan is a dry oil that absorbs quickly and will not clog pores.In contrast to heavier oils such as coconut or olive, which have larger molecular sizes, the relatively small molecules in argan oil

########
Rank: 21
Score: 92.725525
Retrieved Text: Argan oil containing antioxidants, vitamin E and essential fatty acids. It is the nature protective, nourishing superfood for your skin.
It will moisturize even the driest skin.
Not only is the seal in moisture, but also protects the skin against free radicals and other accused of damaging effects of the external environment.
It will not smear oily skin.
It’s great for oily skin, because it works to actually * control * oil. If you are depriving your skin of oil, it often goes into overdrive and it can begin oil production. If you use oil on your skin, balance and neutralize your natural oil.
It will not clog pores.
Yes, we were concerned about putting a pure oil on our faces too. This is because argan oil compensates your natural oil, it can actually help with acne and pimples. In addition, it is particularly soft for people with sensitive skin conditions such as eczema, psoriasis and rosacea.
As if this oil is not enough to do, it can also be used as an anti-aging serum. For it to protect it is a concentrated anti-oxidants, it will be the elasticity of the skin.
It can be used day and night.
Argan oil is a light product which is enough to use as a daily moisturizer and hydrating overnight treatment.
Have the best quality argan oil of Argan Rain and experience the amazing benefits for your skin!
Categories: wrinkles | Tags: anti aging, anti wrinkle, anti-aging serum, anti-oxidant, argan oil, arganrain, arganrain blog, arganrain india, arganrain indian price, arganrain review, arganrain wordpress, eczema, elasticity of the skin, moisturizer, psoriasis,

########
Rank: 22
Score: 92.3976
Retrieved Text: The hottest product on the market today is Argan Oil. You see ads for it everywhere. There are so many different oils out there so which one should you try? I was given the opportunity to try out VoilaVe Organics 100% Pure and Organic Argan Oil. This is the highest quality oil on the market as it is USDA & ECO certified organic Moroccan Argan oil with no fillers or additives in it. The oil is imported from Morocco and bottled in the U.S.A.
What can you do with this oil? It can be used in so many different ways. It's a fabulous multitasking product. I have very dry skin on my legs so that was my first test. A little of this product goes a long way - one to three drops. You rub your palms together then massage it in. I liked how it sunk right into my skin and didn't leave me feeling greasy. That was always a reason for me not to like using any type of oil. I was left with silky, moisturized legs that had a nice, healthy looking sheen to them.
My next test was of some dry patches on my forehead. I have oily skin that is prone to acne so I used very little on the patches. Again, my skin was not oily and shiny after using this. I noticed after a few days that the patches were gone. It did not break me out. If you are prone to acne, it's best to experiment with this product to

########
Rank: 23
Score: 92.25532
Retrieved Text: What Is Argan Oil Used For? Composed of tocopherol (vitamin E), phenolic acid, carotenes, and essential fatty acids, argan oil protects, nourishes, and moisturizes the skin.
The linoleic acid content in argan oil helps to heal damaged skin and reduce inflammation caused by acne, rashes, infections, and bug bites.
It also reduces sebum levels in oily skin types.
Argan oil is also beneficial for hair as a leave-in conditioner to tame frizz and repair damage and split ends.
A drop on each nail can also moisturize cuticles.
Argan oil is also used in cooking for dipping bread and drizzling on couscous, pasta, and salads.
What Is the Definition of Argan Oil? Golden yellow in color, argan oil is obtained from the nut inside the fruit of the argan tree.
What Is the Origin of Argan Oil? For centuries, Berber women (Moroccan natives) have been pressing argan nuts from the trees of the Argan Forest to extract oil. This is why you might see “Moroccan argan oil” on a label.
In fact, since at least 600 BC, the Phoenicians have used argan oil for healing and skincare.
Still today, Argan oil production and trade is a large part of the Moroccan economy, and it is a major source of work and income.
Obtaining the oil has been considered “women’s work” because of the patience and skill required. The grinding and pressing technique has been passed down through generations.
The process is hard work – it can take up to 8 hours to make a 1-liter bottle of oil, which is about 250 pounds of argan fruit.
The Argan Forest

########
Rank: 24
Score: 92.19756
Retrieved Text: Simple Real Mom: 5 things you need to know about Argan oil ?
What is Argan oil ?
Moroccan Argan oil is an oil produced from the kernels of the rare argan tree which grows in the south western part of morocco.
The Argan tree grows wild and is listed as an endangered species under the protection of UNESCO.
There are two types of Argan oil , the edible food grade and the cosmetic grade.both very rich in vitamins and fats , as It has twice as much vitamin E as olive oil and is rich in anti-oxidants ,and contains eight essential fatty acids including Omega 6.
What are the benefits of Argan oil ?
It regenerates the skin by restarting vital functions of cells .
Stop premature aging and fight wrinkles .
Hydrates and absorbs into the skin without leaving a greasy residue .
Helps heal irritant and inflammatory lesions such as acne, eczema, and psoriasis due to its soothing and antimicrobial properties.
Helps balance the skin’s pH and regulate (over) production of sebum (oil) .
It improves the elasticity of the skin which helps preventing and reducing the appearance of stretch marks .
Moisturizes, softens, and protects the hair without leaving greasy build-up, as well as helps it grow.
Strengthen the nails and softens the cuticles .
What are the differences between the culinary and the cosmetic Argan oil ?
To produce the culinary Argan oil , the seeds have to be roasted to give a rich aroma and a delicious nutty smell , where the cosmetic Argan oil is made from seeds in their natural state .
The Culinary

########
Rank: 25
Score: 92.10418
Retrieved Text: This entry was posted in Carrier Oils, cosmetic ingredients, cosmetic recipe, cosmetic supplies, Natures Garden Wholesale, soap ingredients, soap making supplies and tagged Argan Oil, Argan Oil Benefits, argan oil scent, argan oil soap, argan oil supplier, argan oil suppliers, argan oil where to buy, argan oil wholesale suppliers, argan soap recipe, bath and body recipes, bath and body supplies wholesale, bath bomb recipe, best oils for soap making, bulk carrier oil, carrier oils suppliers, carrier oils wholesale, chicken pox home remedies, chicken pox home remedies for child, chicken pox remedies adults, cold process soap, cosmetic bases wholesale, cosmetic ingredients wholesale, cosmetic oil, cosmetic oils, cosmetic products wholesale, cosmetic soap, cosmetic supply, cosmetics supplies, cp soap recipe, diy bath bombs, Happy and Free Fragrance Oil, home made scrubs, homemade soaps, how to make homemade hair conditioner, how to make lotions, Kulu Bay Fragrance Oil, lip balm recipe, lip balm recipes, lip balm supplies, lotion bar supplies, lotion making supplies, lotion making supplies wholesale, lotion supplies, lotion supplies wholesale, making cosmetic, Making Lotion From Scratch, making soap from scratch, Mothers Day Bath Bomb Recipe, natural cosmetic supplies, natures garden, natures garden wholesale oils, naturesgarden, organic argan oil wholesale, organic carrier oils wholesale, shea butter lip balm recipe, soap recipes, Sour Watermelon Candy Fragrance Oil, Sour Watermelon Sugar Scrub Cubes Recipe, spa fragrance, spa fragrances, sugar cookie whipped body butter recipe, whole sale scrubs, wholesale argan oil, wholesale bath and body supplies, wholesale carrier oils, wholesale lotion supplies, wholesale lotions, wholesale oils, wholesale soapmaking on August 7, 2018

########
Rank: 26
Score: 91.94061
Retrieved Text: What is argan oil used for? Throughout history, people have tried and tested many fruits and nuts for their benefits. One such nut that till date stands up to the expectations of the people around the world is the kernels of the Argan tree. The argan tree is a native of Morroco.
The fruit of the argan tree is small, oval, and conical at the ends. The thick peel covers the fleshy pulp of the fruit. One fruit contains from one to three kernel inside the fruit that provides us with the argan oil.
Click Here For Natural Hairfall Remedies.
The process of extracting the oil from the kernels is very important. The people first leave the Argan fruit to dry in the open air. The fleshy pulp of the fruit is then removed. This flesh is usually used as an animal feed.
In the next stage, the Argan nut is cracked open. The kernels are then put to roast for a long time. After roasting them, the kernels are allowed to cool down, then the workers start grinding and pressing the kernels. The kernels turn into a brown colored mash which expels natural, unrefined Argan oil. Finally, the pure argan oil is poured into vessels. The Argan oil in these vessels is left to rest, as the solids get suspended to the bottom of the vessels. Once the argan oil goes through the process of sedimentation, it is further filtered to give a better quality of the oil. Many workers are involved in the production of argan oil as

########
Rank: 27
Score: 91.79522
Retrieved Text: There are different types of oils available in the market that you can use on your hair and skin for moisturizing. One of the most popular of them is Argan oil. In fact, many skin specialists recommend it for application on the skin as they consider it as the ideal oil for skin hydration. Besides, there are endless benefits of Argan oil which is why it is one of the most demand oils in the market. If you are going to buy it for the first time, the following guide will help you a lot. There are many low-quality oils being sold as Argan oil, and that is why we have listed the best Argan oils to buy.
This Argan Oil Shampoo is suitable for teenagers and both females and males. The Argan oil noticeably cures dry, damaged, frizzy and brittle hair. This natural moisturizing shampoo can also heal the flat iron and environmental damages and keeps your hair smooth and soft. The Argan oil shampoo and conditioner set suits all types of hair. The all-natural shampoo also removes the side-effects of heat and styling of your hair.
Moreover, the essential fatty acids and Vitamin E in this Argan oil shampoo helps to promote hair growth. By using this shampoo, you can make your hair look gorgeous and shiny without going to the salon. The hydrating minerals of this shampoo also provide moisture to your scalp and hair. Besides, you can also get rid of the itchy scalp by applying this Argan oil shampoo.
The Argan oil shampoo and

########
Rank: 28
Score: 91.65567
Retrieved Text: Its the last day of the winter 2012 flyer sale at Alive Health Centre, Morning Sun and Supplements Plus. One of our most popular items has been Argan oil. We have had much demand for this product and we brought it in and today is the last day for the flyer sale price.
You’ve been asking for Argan Oil and it’s finally here!!! New Roots 100% pure organic argan oil is striking up quite the popularity in the health industry! The Anti aging properties contained in this pure, cold pressed is extracted from the kernels of the argan tree – a unique tree found only in a small area in Morocco. The amazing Argan oil is rich in natural antioxidants, essential fatty acids, carotenoids, ferulic acid, sterols, polyphenols. It also contains remarkably high levels of vitamin E and Squalene!! Argan Oil does not clog pores and has an amazingly diverse range of cosmetic benefits for the skin, hair and nails. BENIFITS… wrinkles, acne, dry skin, dry scalp, hair growth, diaper rash, cracked feet, eczema and psoriasis. Contrary to what you may think, fighting your oily skin/ACNE with Argan Oil will help! Argan oil is capable of controlling the action of sebum, an oily substance released by the oil glands present under the skin. People with oily skin are extremely bothered by the excessive oiliness caused by sebum. Join other Argan oil users that are happy to be rid of using harsh irritants such as benzoyl peroxide and salicylic acid that just dry out the skin.
As always thank

########
Rank: 29
Score: 90.81372
Retrieved Text: Pure Argan Oil (origin : Morocco) is rich in vitamin E and various essential fatty acids. It is great for a daily moisturizer, skin treatment, treating spilt ends, and softening cuticles among other things. It’s gentle enough to use on all skin types and can help with skin conditions including acne. Argan Oil easily absorbs into your skin to give a youthful glow. Argan oil has amazing healing, conditioning, and antiaging properties to keep the skin and hair nourished and revitalized. A staple ingredient in most anti-aging products.
Argan Oil, also known as Moroccan Oil, is made from the kernels of the Argan tree. Traditionally, it is pressed from the pits, the oil is popular because of the culinary and cosmetic uses.
Argan Oils is a very popular oil for skin and hair in the cosmetic industry. Argan oil has anti-oxidizing effects, which make it a fantastic ingredient in various cosmetic products, specifically, hair, skin and nails.
Facial- The oil can be applied directly to the face to nourish and moisturize.
Wrinkles- Apply to wrinkles to help reduce the appearance of fine lines.
Inflammation- Applied to inflamed areas of the skin, it can help reduce and heal redness and scaring.
Nails- Mix with lemon juice and apply to nails to make them easily workable and create smooth cuticles.
Hair Care- When used in hair care, the oil kills bacteria and creates a beautiful and healthy shine.
Scars- When applied to the skin, the oil can lighten scars and pigmentation.
Sunburn- Apply to sunburn to reduce pain associated with sunburn.
Massage- Use as a massage oil for

================



======= Instance Index 5097 =========
Input Text: If a description of a situation begins like this: [header] How to use grape seed extract [title] Purchase grape seed extract. [step] Grape seed extract is a byproduct of wine making, and can be sold in liquid form and dried form. If you buy the dried extract, you can look for capsules or tablets.... Then how
does it continue? 

Ending 1: Regardless of what you choose, look for an extract that contains at least 40% of proanthocyanidins. [substeps] Most standard doses of grape seed extract contain between 50 and 100 mg of the extract.

Ending 2: [substeps] If you are buying bottled grapes, make sure they are harvested where the dried extract is stored. You can still use the fresh grapes, though this is more expensive.

Ending 3: When buying a single-form extract, you should visit your local farmer's market to see if they sell grapes. [substeps] You can choose to purchase the extract yourself or make your own.

Ending 4: [substeps] Studies have indicated that grape seed extract can be effective at reducing inflammation caused by bacteria and viruses. The dosage is 80 ml once the product is poured in the refrigerator.

Target Text: Ending 1

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 103.09674
Retrieved Text: What comes to mind when you hear the word flavonoids?
Do you think of red wine, green tea, or chocolate? These foods have become famous for their powerful antioxidant and anti-inflammatory effects that come from special plant compounds called flavonoids, a type of phytonutrients (like resveratrol and anthocyanins).
However, there’s one lesser-known functional food that boasts large amounts of flavonoids too: grape seed extract (GSE).
Grape seed extract has been researched for its numerous health benefits including heart disease prevention, antibacterial activity, anti-inflammatory effects, antioxidant properties, and brain protection.
Today you’ll learn everything you need to know about using GSE for optimal health.
Let’s start with a quick look at its history.
Grape by-products have been used for millennia in different civilizations to treat and prevent diseases.
In Africa, the Egyptians used red and white wine to steep healing herbs like mint and sage.
Grape seeds have been a waste product for most of history because there were no known methods for extracting the nutrients inside them, but that changed in 20th century.
In the 1940s, French researcher Jacques Masquelier was the first one to develop techniques for the extraction of grape seeds, and inside them he discovered powerful phytonutrients called oligomeric proanthocyanidin complexes (OPCs). Interestingly, he originally named them vitamin P (for proanthocyanidins), but now they’re simply known as OPCs or condensed tannins.
Modern grape seed extract exists thanks to this invention. Let’s dive into what it is and what it can do for you.
Grape seed extract (GSE) is an industrial derivative of the seeds of multiple common grapes (Vitis vinifera), which carry a potent

########
Rank: 1
Score: 102.751114
Retrieved Text: If you want to know what grape seed extract is, why people take it, and how it can benefit your health, then you want to read this article.
Grape seed extract (GSE) is a cheap and efficient source of potent antioxidants that are otherwise hard to get from food and supplements.
These antioxidants stay in your body longer than most and help improve blood flow, protect blood vessels, and are generally great antioxidants.
Some say that grape seed extract can reduce food intake, improve testosterone levels, and reduce cholesterol levels, but there’s very little evidence for that currently.
Some have called grape seed extract “…one of the most profound and well researched anti-inflammatory compounds…” in existence.
Others claim that it can prevent cancer, heart disease, and Alzheimer’s, and improve bone, blood vessel, and oral health.
Some say that it’s just another unproven fad not worth worrying about.
Well, on the whole, grape seed extract isn’t as effective as it’s often made out to be. It does, however, have several different moderately beneficial effects that make it worth taking.
The short story is that grape seed extract can reliably improve blood flow in the body, which is helpful for a number of reasons. It’s not a panacea, but it works and it’s cheap, which makes it a good choice on the whole.
Before we get into the science, let’s look at exactly what grape seed extract is.
Why Do People Supplement with Grape Seed Extract?
How Is Grape Seed Extract Different from Pycnogenol?
What’s the Clinically Effective Dose of Grape Seed Extract?
Does Grape Seed Extract Have Any Side Effects?
What

########
Rank: 2
Score: 102.6985
Retrieved Text: Suggested Usage: Take one capsule one to two times daily, preferably with food.
"Laboratory studies have shown that grape seed contains antioxidants-substances that prevent cell damage caused by free radicals, which are highly reactive molecules that can damage cell function. However, it is still unclear how grape seed might affect human health.
Grape seed extract has shown some beneficial antioxidant effects in preliminary clinical trials. However, few trials have looked at specific diseases or conditions, and little scientific evidence is available.
A study funded by the National Cancer Institute (NCI) found that grape seed extract did not reduce the hardening of breast tissue that can occur after radiation therapy for breast cancer.
NCI is also funding studies evaluating whether grape seed extract is effective in preventing breast and prostate cancers.
NCCAM is studying whether the action of grape seed extract and its components may benefit the heart or have protective effects in the brain.
Grape seed extract is generally well tolerated when taken by mouth. It has been used safely for up to 8 weeks in clinical trials.
Side effects that have been reported most often include headache; a dry, itchy scalp; dizziness; and nausea.
The interactions between grape seed extract and medicines or other supplements have not been carefully studied.
Grape Seed Extract is standardized to 95% polyphenols (including OPCs) to protect and strengthen collagen, a key component for healthy skin, connective tissue and vascular walls.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 102.40765
Retrieved Text: Having the perfect skincare routine has become a necessity for many people because it allows them to have clear and glowing skin. Although, there are many promising products available, sometimes the combination of the many chemicals within them can cause adverse reactions on the skin. This is why natural methods are the best alternative. Recently, many people have started resorting to white grape seed extract because it is high in vitamins, and antioxidants. Because of this reason, it makes the texture of the skin better and combats the signs of aging.
Many moisturizers, scrubs, cleansers and other beauty products have started using the extract along with other grape ingredients so the results can be even more promising.
White grape seed extract, taken from the flesh of the grapes, is composed of resveratol and proanthocyanidins that are known to be powerful antioxidants. Research has proven that applying white grape seed extract to your skin will make sure your skin is protected from UV ray exposure. When these compounds are used together, they have a strong, sunscreen potency that can eliminate the chances of cell damage and redness.
Throw your sunscreen away is not recommended because it is still your first line of defense that will protect you from sun damage. However, to gain maximum benefits, what you can do is add a few drops of white grape seed extract to your sunscreen and apply it on your skin.
The main issue with UV rays is that it causes sunburns, but these UV rays can also quicken the aging process. The antioxidants

########
Rank: 4
Score: 100.72377
Retrieved Text: The most valuable flavonoids in grape seed extract are procyanidolic oligomers (also known as proanthocyanidins).
cataracts and diabetes.  Thus, grape seed extracts are believed to benefit people with heart disease and cancer.
overviews the potential health benefits of grape seed extract based on research findings.
induced arthritis mice by simultaneously suppressing osteoclast differentiation and promoting osteoblast differentiation.
mg/kg) or saline was given orally three times per week for 4 weeks after the monosodium iodoacetate injection.
antioxidative action.  Thus, grape seed extract may benefit people at risk of cataract.
Grape seed extracts benefits - diabetes, obesity and high cholesterol profiles?
cell numbers and decreased myeloperoxidase levels in the large intestine of IL10-deficient mice (IL10KO).
along the wall of a blood vessel, frequently causing vascular obstruction. We don't want these things in our body.
aortic atherosclerosis.  Thus, grape seed extract may benefit people at risk of these conditions.
 Ariga T The antioxidative function, preventive action on disease and utilization of proanthocyanidins. Biofactors. 2004;21(1-4):197-201.
Park JS et al, Grape-seed proanthocyanidin extract as suppressors of bone destruction in inflammatory autoimmune arthritis. PLoS One.
seed extract prevents H(2)O(2)-induced chromosomal damage in human lymphoblastoid cells. Biol Pharm Bull. 2004 Sep;27(9):1459-61.
antihyperglycemic effect in streptozotocin-induced diabetic rats and insulinomimetic activity in insulin-sensitive cell lines, Endocrinology.
cells via caspases activation accompanied by dissipation of mitochondrial membrane potential and cytochrome c release, Carcinogenesis.
Food Chem. 2002 Mar. 27;50(7):2180-92. Acute and long-term safety evaluation of a novel IH636 grape seed proanthocyanidin extract.
Dietary grape seed extract ameliorates symptoms of inflammatory bowel disease in IL10-deficient mice. Mol Nutr Food Res. 2013 Aug 21.
or a drug product. Finally, please, do

########
Rank: 5
Score: 100.370224
Retrieved Text: Grapes (Vitis vinifera) have been heralded for their medicinal and nutritional value for thousands of years. Egyptians ate grapes at least 6,000 years ago, and several ancient Greek philosophers praised the healing power of grapes -- usually in the form of wine. European folk healers made an ointment from the sap of grapevines to treat skin and eye diseases. Grape leaves were used to stop bleeding, inflammation, and pain, such as the kind brought on by hemorrhoids. Unripe grapes were used to treat sore throats and dried grapes (raisins) were used for constipation and thirst. Round, ripe, sweet grapes were used to treat a range of health problems including cancer, cholera, smallpox, nausea, eye infections, and skin, kidney, and liver diseases.
But grapes -- or the chemicals within them, especially oligomeric proanthocyanidin complexes (OPCs) -- have been touted as powerful antioxidants. Some people believe they could help treat a number of conditions, from heart disease to cancer to aging skin, although scientific evidence is mostly lacking for those conditions. However, there is good evidence that grape seed extract can help treat chronic venous insufficiency and edema.
Grapes are native to Asia near the Caspian Sea, but they were brought to North America and Europe around the 1600s. This plant's climbing vine has large, jagged leaves, and its stem bark tends to peel. The grapes may be green, red, or purple.
Grape Seed Extract (GSE) is a natural plant constituent (bioflavonoid) which strengthens and protects living tissue. The Oligomerc Procyanidolic Complexes (OPC) components in GSE are 50 times stronger than

########
Rank: 6
Score: 100.216484
Retrieved Text: Healthy Origins MegaNatural-BP grape seed extract is a unique formulation that concentrates the isolate clinically studied to benefit blood pressure in two clinical trials at the University of California Davis Medical Center. No other grape seed extract has this effect on blood pressure. Robert E. Kowalski's new book details entirely new, natural approaches to lowering blood pressure. He advocates MegaNatural-BP grape seed extract as an important part of that program.
Adults: take one (1) capsule daily, or as directed by a physician.
Q. What is grape seed extract?
A.Grape seed extract is a naturally occurring plant substance that contains a concentrated source of antioxidant nutrients known as oligomeric proanthocyanidins. These antioxidants can help protect against the effects of internal and external stresses. Scientists have demonstrated that oligomeric proanthocyanidins, more commonly known as OPCs, are more powerful antioxidants than vitamins C, E and beta-carotene.
Q.What is the history of grape seed extract?
A.Scientists first became interested in grape seed extract in the latter part of the 20th Century due to an outgrowth of research about the "French Paradox." The French Paradox shows a low incidence of heart disease (nearly half that of the United States) among the French despite a high incidence of known dietary and other contributing factors to heart disease. Some scientists believe that the secret of the French Paradox is red wine, which is an integral part of the French diet. Further research suggests that OPCs present in red wine can promote cardiovascular health. Grape seeds have been found to be the richest source of OPCs.
Q.How can grape seed

########
Rank: 7
Score: 100.21032
Retrieved Text: Grape Seed Extract is packed with powerful antioxidant support and free radical promoting ingredients that help your bodies natural improvement of damaged cells throughout the body.
It is derived from grape skin and seed extracts and contains protective polyphenols and anthocyanins shown to be beneficial for many aspects of health, including support for blood vessels, brain, and skin.
This formula has a unique combination of whole grape extract (similar to a non-alcoholic wine extract), grape skin powder and a special grape seed extract; all included to help provide the vast array of benefits seen in studies on various grape or wine extracts.
Grape seed extract may help poor circulation and high cholesterol, and can help reduce swelling caused by injury.
Made with non-GMO ingredients. Product is free of gluten, dairy, soy, corn, nuts and artificial sweeteners.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 100.187454
Retrieved Text: According to a study that was published in the October 18, 2006 issue of Clinical Cancer Research, grape seed extract was shown to slow the growth of colorectal tumors on both mice and cell cultures.
The anti-cancer effects of grape seed extract on other types of tumors have been demonstrated in previous studies. Within the skin and seeds of grapes are antioxidant flavonoids that remove harmful free radicals from cells called proanthocyanidins.
Researchers discovered an inhibition of cell growth that was dose and time dependent after the grape seed extract was exposed to two different kinds of human carcinoma cells. For live cancer cells that were exposed for the longest time -which was about two days – a 92 percent decrease was evident when given the highest dose.
Studies on mice were then conducted which showed a reduction of advanced colorectal tumors by 44 percent. The method by which grape seed extract inhibits cancer growth was also demonstrated for the first time during this study. Apparently, a critical protein called Cip1/p21 – which effectively freezes the tumor cell cycle, and can initiate the self destruction of a cancer cell – becomes increased with grape seed extract.
In fact, after 12 hours of treatment, the amount of Cip1/p21 protein within the cells increased 150 times. The longer the treatment time, the more cancer cells were frozen before they had a chance to divide.
Next on the agenda for the researchers is to figure out the lowest effective dose, and the highest non-toxic doses for grape seed extract used on mice.
Grape seed extract

########
Rank: 9
Score: 99.9759
Retrieved Text: newzealandpurehealth Red Grape Seed is a potent antioxidant. Grapes have been consumed for thousands of years for their nutritional and medicinal value. More recently scientists have taken an interest in the seeds for their benefit to human health. nzpurehealth Red Grape Seed extract is a rich source of plant based antioxidants, a crucial substance that helps guard against oxidative stress and free radical damage to the human body.
Take one (1) or two (2) capsules daily as a dietary food supplement or as professionally advised.
People on prescription medicines, especially Warfarin and blood thinner medication, should check with their health professional first.
newzealandpurehealth Grape seed extract is a natural plant substance that has a concentrated source of oligomeric proanthocyanidins (OPC). These anti-oxidants help protect cells from free radical damage and also promotes healthy circulation. Grape Seed Extract is rich in polyphenols, a compound that's high in antioxidants. Studies have shown OPC to have more powerful antioxidants than vitamin C, E, and beta-carotene.
The research done on Grape Seed Extract first came about in the late 20th century from the "french paradox", where the French had very low rates of heart disease, while some of their diet and other factors would contribute to higher incidence of heart diseases. Scientists believed the secret was in their red wine, and further research demonstrated that OPC present in their red wine promotes cardiovascular health, and now, grape seed extract has been found to contain the richest sources of OPCs. It can be said that grape seed extract is one of the most powerful antioxidants

########
Rank: 10
Score: 99.203995
Retrieved Text: Grape Seed Extract Oil Skincare Info	No ratings yet.
One of the less prominent natural supplement ingredients out there, grape seed oil extract is one that probably deserves more attention. You might not be familiar with this ingredient. Many are not. But it is raising its profile as more and more compelling studies and trials illuminate its potential health benefit. Grape seed extract is a relatively common property that you can consume in various ways. It offers potential perks across a variety of wellness measures. But today, we’re honing in on the oil form and its specific advantages for skin. Is grape seed extract oil an anti-aging star?
The grape is a very popular fruit. Easy to pluck and eat on the go, it’s a handy snack. Like most plants, it carries some health benefits, but we certainly don’t see them touted as much as some others. Many different components of grapes and their vines have usage in various medicinal and health-boosting blends. These can include the round fruits themselves as well as grape leaves and sap from the vines. But extraction from the actual seeds didn’t really start happening until the 1970s or so. This led to isolation of some specific properties and nutrients, with a greater focus on their biological impacts. Grape seed extract oil is one of the products that came about through this evolution.
How Does Grape Seed Extract Oil Work?
All types of herbal oils tend to have positive qualities with application to the skin. For its part, grape seed extract oil is a gentle substance

########
Rank: 11
Score: 98.71577
Retrieved Text: Pleasant to the fantastic weblog, Right now you will be looking at Resveratrol Supplement – Potent 1400mg Formula With Trans Resveratrol, Quercetin, Grape Seed, Green Tea, Acai and Red Wine Extract – 60 Veggie Capsules article. One can find any kind of Resveratrol products that maybe you are searching for inside the following. Most people accomplish article a lot of products who has an excellent quality, this also Resveratrol Supplement – Potent 1400mg Formula With Trans Resveratrol, Quercetin, Grape Seed, Green Tea, Acai and Red Wine Extract – 60 Veggie Capsules is mostly a item we highly recommend for you. You need to look into this page cautiously to find some invaluable information on Resveratrol Supplement – Potent 1400mg Formula With Trans Resveratrol, Quercetin, Grape Seed, Green Tea, Acai and Red Wine Extract – 60 Veggie Capsules for you to pay for this.
Want to look and feel younger? Start using the Purest Vantage Resveratrol formula today.
Our Resveratrol formula is specifically designed to give you the best possible results. A potent source of trans resveratrol with added green tea extract, grape seed extract, acai fruit extract, quercetin and red wine extract. Using only natural ingredients, you get the antioxidant benefits from some of the best polyphenols available.
As well as all of the exciting benefits, at Purest Vantage we stand by our products and pride ourselves on offering friendly and helpful customer service. We don’t just deliver quality products, but we also deliver quality customer service – so you can buy with confidence.
The product information earlier could be

########
Rank: 12
Score: 98.58792
Retrieved Text: Designs for Health Grape Seed Supreme 60vcaps is derived from grape skin and seed extracts and contains protective polyphenols and anthocyanins shown to be beneficial for many aspects of health, including support for blood vessels, brain, and skin. This formula has a unique combination of whole grape extract (similar to a non-alcoholic wine extract), grape skin powder and a special grape seed extract (MegaNatural®-BP); all included to help provide the vast array of benefits seen in studies on various grape or wine extracts.
Recommended Use: Take 2 capsules daily with meals or as directed by your health care practitioner.
This product does not contain wheat, yeast, soy protein, gluten, eggs, dairy, corn, artificial colors, flavors, sugars, or preservatives.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 98.3653
Retrieved Text: As a dietary supplement, takes one to two capsules daily.
My doctor originally recommended I take grape seed extract to help prevent me from catching the common cold. I am educator and I am around students all the time that aren't feeling well. I definitely believe that the grape seed extract, along with a few other supplements, helps keep me immune to being sick often and keeps me going on a daily basis. I also believe that it helps with my blood circulation. I notice that I do not get as cold and start freezing in cold weather when I am taking this product, which is now on a daily basis.
Grape Seed extract is arguably the best antioxidant you can buy and slowing aging is something everyone wants! Love the GNC version as I know it's been tested upon tested and its quality is the best you can buy in the marketplace. Everyone is big on the right lotions and they should be, but healthy skin starts from the inside!!! This is a product everyone should take.
I found the production date on the bottle is very easily be removed and the bottom of the bottle seems quite rough, is it a fake product?
GNC Herbal Plus® Standardized Grape Seed Extract - 100 mg?
BEST ANSWER: This grape seed extract is 200 capsules of 100mg each. The standardized bottle is 100 capsules of 300mg each.
what is the expired date of this product?
Should it take before meal or after?
what are the advantages of taking grape seed extract ?
BEST ANSWER: My understanding

########
Rank: 14
Score: 97.88417
Retrieved Text: In response to the growing problem of adulteration of grape seed extract, EuroPharma®, Inc., maker of the Terry Naturally® brand of dietary supplements, has created a verification program to authenticate its scientifically-studied French Grape Seed VX1.
While grape seed extract’s health promoting power has been investigated in over 1000 published studies, archived on the National Institutes of Health (NIH) electronic database, PubMed.gov, reports of adulteration have been reported, including the use of red peanut skins instead of legitimate grape seed extract, without revealing the presence of this top 8 allergen.
“French Grape Seed VX1 is one of the most powerful supplements in the world, and studies have shown the potential for enormous health benefits. In fact, our French Grape Seed VX1, featured in all our Clinical OPC products, has been used in three very successful, published studies at Baylor University, and more are in the works. However, in the presence of widespread adulteration, we sought a way to reassure our customers that all necessary quality checks are happening behind the scenes to assure the authenticity of these products,” states Terry Lemerond, president and founder of EuroPharma, Inc.
“I am pleased to learn that EuroPharma has taken the additional quality control step to help ensure the proper identity and authenticity of its Grape Seed Extract (GSE). As we have confirmed in our peer-reviewed Grape Seed Extract Botanical Adulterants Bulletin, produced under the auspices of the ABC-AHP-NCNPR Botanical Adulterants Prevention Program, some lots of GSE have been confirmed to be adulterated with extracts derived from peanut skins. Both extracts contain some

########
Rank: 15
Score: 97.82344
Retrieved Text: Organic grape seed extract is nature's great multitasker, doing wonders for so many aspects of our health. The secret behind grapes is linked to a class of plant compounds called polyphenols, more specifically to those inside grapes delicate seeds and skins called proanthocyanidins. However, all grape seed extracts are not created equal. As grapes are notorious for pesticide & fungicide contamination, we worked tirelessly to source the finest grapes that are 100% certified organic to create the first SuperPure grape seed extract of its kind in the industry. But we didnt stop there. Our extract is highly concentrated to a full 150 mg of organic proanthocyanidins per capsule, and synergized with organic red wine grape skin for optimal benefits.
The First Certified Organic, Standardized Grape Seed Extract.
Each capsule contains the equivalent of over one pound of freshly-harvested, certified organic grapes!

########
Rank: 16
Score: 96.78963
Retrieved Text: is 100 grams (3.52 oz) Grape Seed Extract 95% OPC (Proanthocyanidins) powder, standardized. There is not any additive or filler inside. Manufacturer assayed as 95% OPC with UV test. It is fresh enough for use.
Appearance: Reddish-Brown fine powder. Taste: Characteristic. Solubility: slightly soluble in water. Store in cool and dry palce, keep away from strong light and heat.
This Grape Seed Extract 95% OPC (Proanthocyanidins) powder is good for direct consumption, formulation, R&D (research and development), cosmetic purpose, or your any other business purpose.
Generally Suggested Use: Take 1/20 teaspoon (about 100mg, it about 95mg potent of polyphenols --proanthocyanidins) in one glass of juice or water, once per day.Or do your own research for proper amount of your desired purpose.
Grape Seed Extract 95% OPC (Proanthocyanidins) powder may benefit improvement antioxidant protection, cardiovascular system, immune system, skin health, scar, elasticity.
Grape seed extract is a natural plant consitituent (ployphenols, including flavanols proanthocyanidin, also know as OPC) which strengthens and protects living tissue. It strengthens blood vessels, improves skin, and aids in circulation. Proanthocyanidins have been sold as nutritional and therapeutic supplements in Europe, it was introduced to the United States market as a dietary supplement. It is the principal vasoactive polyphenols in red wine which is linked to a reduced risk of coronary heart disease and to lower overall mortality. Its antioxidant capabilities are more powerful than Vitamin C and Vitamin E. Poranthocyanidins antioxidant activity plays a role in the stabilization of collagen and maintenance of elastin, two critical proteins in connective tissue that support organs, joins, blood vessels, and

########
Rank: 17
Score: 96.70203
Retrieved Text: Bluebonnets Grape Seed Extract 100 mg Vcaps provide 100% natural grape seed extract derived from champagne grapes imported from France. This patented Leucoselect grape seed extract provides a standardized amount of potent antioxidants (oligomeric proanthocyanidins, monomeric polyphenols and flavonoids) per serving in easy-to-swallow vegetable capsules for maximum assimilation and absorption.
Indena and Leucoselect are registered trademarks of Indena S.p.A.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 96.55423
Retrieved Text: Colorectal cancer is the second biggest cause of death as a result of cancer in the United States. Colorectal cancer is also the third most common form cancer in both men and women.
Colorectal cancer costs the economy billions of dollars every year and robs families of their mothers, fathers, brothers, and sisters. I’ve already written about the 11 steps to reduce your risk of getting colorectal cancer, as well as 10 warning signs of colorectal cancer you shouldn’t ignore. Read on to find out why grape seed extract can outperforms chemo in killing colorectal cancer cells.
Surgery, radiation, and chemotherapy are the mainstream therapies for cancer that medical practitioners offer, but for colorectal cancer patients, a study published in the Technologies in Carcinogenesis and Cancer Chemoprevention journal offers renewed hope and more.
The study highlights the fact that failure in colorectal cancer therapy using chemotherapy often occurs as a result of patients becoming resistant to the effects of the chemotherapy. Chemotherapy resistance occurs frequently in many cancers and is particularly prevalent in colorectal cancer therapy.
Once cancer cells become immune to chemotherapy, doctors have normally run out of answers. This study shows that grape seed extract targets colorectal cancer cells even when the cancer cells are immune to chemotherapy, offering hope to those who have developed chemotherapy resistant and who have been given no hope by mainstream medicine.
There are various stages in cancer development that are important. The start of the tumor is called carcinogenesis. Compounds that cause cancer are therefore called carcinogens. Grape seed extract contains active ingredients

########
Rank: 19
Score: 96.28173
Retrieved Text: Gentle Conditioning Shampoo Is Filled With Natural Conditioning And Active Ingredients. This Shampoo Cleanses, Fortifies And Protects Your Hair, Even Color-Treated. This Extremely Gentle Plant-Based Formula Is Perfect For Frequent Use On Even The Most Sensitive Hair. Grape Vinegar And Grape-Seed Extract Give Your Hair Lightness, Shine And Brilliance. In Case Of Contact With Eyes, Rinse Well With Water.
For Anyone Desiring Ultra-Shiny, Super Soft Hair With The Delicate Scent Of Fleur De Vigne®.
For Anyone Looking For A Sodium Laureth Sulfate Free Shampoo.
Main Ingredients: Grape-Seed Oil, Jojoba Oil, Sunflower Oil Extract, Wheat Proteins, Vine Vinegar..
Our Cosm-Ethics: 0% Parabens, Phenoxyethanol, Sodium Laureth Sulfate, Artificial Colorings, Animal Ingredients? No Animal Testing.
Ideal For Daily Use, Lather Into The Scalp And Rinse Off. This Shampoo Promotes Detangling.
For Those With Very Dry Hair, Apply A Conditioner After Using The Shampoo.
Gentle Conditioning Shampoo is filled with natural conditioning and active ingredients. This shampoo cleanses, fortifies and protects your hair, even color-treated. This extremely gentle plant-based formula is perfect for frequent use on even the most sensitive hair. Grape vinegar and Grape-seed extract give your hair lightness, shine and brilliance. In case of contact with eyes, rinse well with water. Who is it for? For anyone desiring ultra-shiny, super soft hair with the delicate scent of Fleur De Vigne®. For anyone looking for a Sodium Laureth Sulfate free shampoo. Main Ingredients: Grape-Seed Oil, Jojoba Oil, Sunflower Oil Extract, Wheat Proteins, Vine Vinegar.. Our Cosm-Ethics: 0% Parabens, Phenoxyethanol, Sodium Laureth Sulfate, Artificial Colorings, Animal Ingredients? No Animal Testing. When? How? Ideal for daily use, lather

########
Rank: 20
Score: 96.23976
Retrieved Text: Oxiprovin Grape Seed Extract is a Proudly South African product. Our Grape Seed Extract is produced by Brenn-O-Kem in Wolseley, Western Cape.
We are always looking for companies to help distribute our Grape Seed Extract.
Fill out our form and we will contact you with all the information and help you need to get started.
Disclaimer Notice: Oxiprovin does not claim to cure diseases. It is a natural health supplement and antioxidant.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 95.45051
Retrieved Text: Xi'an Rainbow Bio-Tech Co.,Ltd is one of the leading China grape seed extract manufacturers, welcome to wholesale cheap grape seed extract, grape seed, opc grape seed, grape seed extracts powder, proanthocyanidins from our factory.
1.Antioxidation, scavenging free radical, preventing skin aging and UV radiation.
2.Protect the brain and nerve tissue from oxidation.
3.Maintaining capillary and artery vascular health, enhancing the tension of vascular and reducing the risk of cardiovascular disease.
5.Reliefing PMS problems, and alleviating wound, edema from injury or trauma, ,lower limb swelling and retinopathy.
Package: 25 Kg/ fiberboard drum,inner with plastic bag.
Storage: Store in cool & dry area, keep away from the direct light and heat.
Shelf life: Two years if properly stored.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 95.35723
Retrieved Text: Grape Seed (Vitis vinifera) Pure Herbs Liquid Extract used Historically as an Antioxidant, has free radical scavenging properties, seeks out and destroys poisons.
Grape Seed Pure Herbs Liquid Extract is made from organically grown grapes. I know that many of you desire to have a good source of Grape Seed -*pro-antho-cyanidins for their* antioxidant and *free radical scavenging properties. We have that. It is made from the seeds of organically grown grapes. This is important. Grapes are sometimes heavily sprayed with some rather nasty poisons. Some of these poisons wind up inside the grapes and inside the seeds themselves. That presents us with a dilemma. Are we adding to the problem of what makes cells go wild and produce bad cells, or are we, hopefully, doing more good than harm with the protective part of the grape seed? Rather than get into that puzzle, wouldn’t it be better to just use organically raised grapes as a source of our product? We thought so, and that is why we did not have a liquid Grape Seed extract product, like everyone else, right away.
*Proanthocyandins, antioxidants and free radicals scavengers are terms used as, roughly, the same things these day. In common terms, they mean compounds from nature which seek out and destroy poisons which make us age too rapidly or die too soon, or both.
DOSE: 40 drops per meal.Directions on label: For adults, mix 2 ml of extract in 2 oz (60 ml) of water one time daily preferably with a meal.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 95.231674
Retrieved Text: This scrumptious masque uses plant derived hyaluronic acid to visibly plump skin and reduce wrinkles. Your skin will feel softer, more hydrated, and visibly lifted. Amazing in the winter.
The immediate plumping results of this masque make it great to use before an event to really make your skin glow, and your makeup apply smoothly.
Ingredients: Organic Phytonutrient Blend™ [Fragaria Chiloensis (Strawberry) Juice*, Rheum Rhabarbarum (Rhubarb) Juice*, Vitis Vinifera (Grape) Juice*, Aloe Barbadensis (Aloe) Juice*, Althaea Officinalis (Marshmallow) Root Extract*, Vitis Vinifera (Grape) Seed Extract*, Oryza Sativa (Rice)*, Vitis Vinifera (Grape) Seed Oil*, Vegetable Glycerin* and Heptyl Glucoside], Cetearyl Alcohol, Butyrospermum Parkii (Shea Butter)*, Vegetable Glycerin*, Zea Mays (Corn) Germ Oil*, Bolus Alba (Kaolin Clay), Cetyl Palmitate, Helianthus Annuus (Sunflower) Seed Oil*, Glyceryl Stearate, Propanediol, Sempervivum Tectorum (Stone Crop) Extract*, Fragaria Vesca (Strawberry) Juice, Rheum Rhabarbarum (Rhubarb) Leaf Extract*, Vegetable Glycerin, Caesalpinia Spinosa (Tara Tree) Gum, Cera Alba (Beeswax), Vitis Vinifera (Grape) Seed Oil*, Althaea Officinalis (Marshmallow) Root Extract*, Benzyl Alcohol, Salicylic Acid, Sorbic Acid, Corn-Derived Methyl Glucose Sesquistearate, Sodium Cetearyl Sulfate, Beta Vulgaris (Beetroot) Extract, Sodium Benzoate, Potassium Sorbate, Xanthan Gum, Lactic Acid, Ascorbyl Palmitate (Vitamin C Ester), Tocopheryl Acetate (Vitamin E), Soy Lecithin, Biocomplex2™ [Euterpe Oleracea (Acai)*, Citrus Limon (Lemon)*, Malpighia Glabra (Barbados Cherry)*, Emblica Officinalis (Indian Gooseberry)*, Adansonia Digitata (Baobab)*, Myrciaria Dubia (Camu Camu)*, Daucus Carota Sativa (Carrot)*, Cocos Nucifera (Coconut) Water*, Lycium Barbarum (Goji) Berry*, Tapioca Starch (from Cassava Root)*, Thioctic Acid (Alpha Lipoic Acid) and Ubiquinone (Coenzyme Q10)].

########
Rank: 24
Score: 95.17552
Retrieved Text: Vynikající směsice olejů s účinnými regeneračními vlastnostmi, které podporují hydrataci pleti, obnovují její přirozený jas a zář - to je Jasmine Oil Blend od značky Pixi, který pomáhá regenerovat pleť a obnovovat její rovnováhu.
INGREDIENTS: Prunus Dulcis (Almond) Oil, Caprylic/Capric Triglyceride, Simmondsia Chinensis (Jojoba) Seed Oil, Helianthus Annuus (Sunflower) Seed Oil, Persea Gratissima (Avocado) Oil, Vitis Vinifera (Grape) Seed Oil, Rosmarin Us Officialis (Rosemary) Leaf Extract, Oryza Sativa (Rice) Bran Extract, Helianthus Annuus (Sunflower) Extract, Cocos Nucifera (Coconut) Oil, Tocopherol, Rosa Damascena Flower Oil, Punica Granatum Seed Oil, Anthemis Nobilis Flower Oil, Carthamus Tinctorius (Safflower) Seed Oil, Chamomilla Recutita (Matricaria) Flower Extract, Oenothera Blennis (Evening Primrose) Root Extract, Vaccinium Macrocarpon (Cranberry) Seed Oil, Salvia Hispanica Seed Oil, Tanacetum Annuum Flower Oil, Jasminum Officinale (Jasmine) Oil, Jasminum Officinale (Jasmine) Flower/Leaf Extract, Lavandula Angustifolia (Lavender) Flower/Leaf/Stem Extract, Eugenia Caryophyllus (Clove) Flower Extract, Vitis Vinifera (Grape) Fruit Extract, Boswellia Carterii Gum Extract. Made in USA / Fabriqué aux États-Unis.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 94.99626
Retrieved Text: I was recently diagnosed with something called Raynaud’s disease.
A. Dear Meela, Raynaud’s disease is a disorder that affects blood vessels, mostly in the hands and feet. The blood vessels narrow, which decreases the flow of blood. This causes the hands and feet to feel very cold and numb. In most cases, this lasts for a short time when the body overreacts to cold temperatures or stress.
When it comes to Raynaud’s disease, I believe you would benefit greatly by adding mesoglycan and grape seed extract to your daily regimen.
Mesoglycan is a naturally occurring substance found in the body. Mesoglycan is an excellent source of glycosaminoglycans (also known as GAGs) – vital and necessary components that build the walls of our blood vessels and arteries. Other examples of GAGs include chondroitin and hyaluronic acid. Mesoglycan works on the actual formation of blood vessel walls, helping them to be strong, yet flexible, plus it helps keep blood moving through our arteries and blood vessels. I recommend taking mesoglycan from a porcine (pig) source twice daily.
In addition to the mesoglycan, you may also want to consider taking grape seed extract. Grape seed extract has vasodilating– blood vessel relaxing – properties. It also helps to protect the blood vessel walls from damaging free radical activity, which can contribute to circulation issues. I would recommend taking grape seed extract up to three times daily.
When looking for a grape seed extract, it is important to choose one that is standardized to contain only OPCs that are small enough to be absorbed, so you’ll

########
Rank: 26
Score: 94.90806
Retrieved Text: Directions: As a dietary supplement, take 1 capsule daily or as directed by a physician. Warnings: Pregnant or lactating women, diabetics, hypoglycemics, and people with known medical conditions and/or taking drugs, should consult with a licensed physician and/or pharmacist prior to taking dietary supplements.
ZENITH NUTRITION’S Grape Seed boosts antioxidant activity in the body to protect tissues from free-radical damage. It also supports healthy immune function and contributes anti-inflammatory benefits. How does ZENITH NUTRITION’S Grape Seed work? Grape Seed is a dietary supplement that contains 250 mg of grape seed extract in each convenient vegetarian capsule. It contains polyphenols. Polyphenols are flavonoids known for their high-antioxidant activity, helping protect the body against oxidative stress and free radical damage. One phenol in particular found grape seed, procyanidin, promotes healthy vision, joints and circulatory systems while it also supports cardiovascular health. Procyanidins are also bound to collagen, the most abundant protein in the body and a key component of healthy skin, gums, bones, teeth, hair and body tissues. This bond promotes cell health and skin elasticity, making it appear more youthful . Procyanidins also help protect the body from sun damage, which can cause premature aging of the skin .The antioxidant power of proanthocyanidins is 20 times greater than vitamin E and 50 times greater than vitamin C. ZENITH NUTRITION’S Grape Seed is better because it: Contains grape seed extract, from the most concentrated form of the grapes.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 94.898254
Retrieved Text: It's the 5th day of giveaway! So answer the simple question below and stand a chance to win one Rimmel Shock Gloss from me!
Answer this Q : What combination ingredients extract found in Rimmel Shock Gloss that help lips feel moisturized and conditioned?
And the winner will be chosen using http://random.org. And prizes will be only sent out after the giveaway ends.
There will be ONE Rimmel Shock Gloss worth RM23.90 to be given out each day starting 24 December 2010 until 2nd Jan 2011 (for 10 days in total)!
So do come back daily!!!
Read my review of the Rimmel Shock Gloss here to find the answer!
Don't forget to join Rimmel's facebook fans to get more updates and promotion!!!
p/s: Please be reminded that entry comment that joined after the above stated timeframe will not be published.
Answer :The gloss is made from combination of ginseng extract, grape seed oil and Shea butter which help lips feel moisturized and conditioned.
Answer: Ginseng extract, grape seed oil and Shea butter.
Answer : Ginsend extract, grape seed oil and shea butter.
Answer : Ginseng extract ,grape seed oil and Shea Butter.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 94.60326
Retrieved Text: This shaving gel with Aloe Vera and Grape Seed Extract naturally lubricates and protects the skin. Spearmint Leaf, Eucalyptus Leaf and Tea Tree Oils minimize skin irritation with their healing properties. Tea Tree Oil is an anti-bacterial and an anti-inflammatory.
This shaving gel with Aloe Vera and Grape Seed Extract naturally lubricates and protects the skin. Spearmint Leaf, Eucalyptus Leaf and Tea Tree Oils minimize skin irritation with their healing properties. Tea Tree Oil is an anti-bacterial and an anti-inflammatory. Grape Seed Extract is rich in flavonoids and phytochemicals. Eucalyptus Oil is a stimulating antiseptic.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 94.57782
Retrieved Text: Zambroza is made from the valued and exotic-tasting mangosteen and goji berry fruits from the orient, which have been combined with the additional antioxidant power of red and concord grapes, raspberry, blueberry, grape seed and grape skin, apple extract and decaffeinated green tea extract.
This is Nature’s Sunshine’s product - a great tasting, synergistic blend that helps to increase vital energy and replenish the body.
Zambroza formula contains: Mangosteen, Wolfberry, Apple Extract, Raspberry, Concorde Grape, Grape Seed, Grape Skin, Green Tea and Red Berry.
Recommended Usage: Dosage (adults): Take 15 mL (1/2 oz.) daily. A second 15 mL dose may be taken each day if desired.

================



======= Instance Index 2423 =========
Input Text: If a description of a situation begins like this: "knife sharpening using a diamond bench stone" appears. Two men demonstrate sharpening a knife using a honing stone. the man... Then how
does it continue? 

Ending 1: cuts cracks in a cutting board using a wooden block.

Ending 2: rock drys the knife, then shows how to use it to sharpen.

Ending 3: interviewed by the camera turns a sheet on the table.

Ending 4: cuts paper with the knife.

Target Text: Ending 4

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 102.98796
Retrieved Text: Published 04/23/2019 10:11:03 pm at 04/23/2019 10:11:03 pm in Smith Diamond Sharpening Stone.
smith diamond sharpening stone smiths 8 diamond tri hone 3 stone knife sharpener sharpening system tool 50008 smiths stone sharpening system academy.
smiths diamond sharpening stone academy smiths diamond sharpening stone, smiths edgeport sharpening stones fine course lot smiths edgeport sharpening stones fine course, smiths sharpeners diamond sharpening bench stone ac ebay smiths fine diamond sharpening stone new, smiths coarse grit yellow diamond sharpening stone smiths coarse grit yellow diamond sharpening stone dbsc , smiths inch diamond combo bench stone knife sharpener smiths diamond combination sharpener share , smiths yellow coarse diamond bench sharpening stone grit smiths yellow coarse diamond bench sharpening stone grit dbsc, smiths diamond combination bench stone knife sharpener academy smiths diamond combination bench stone knife sharpener, smiths diamond and arkansas stone combination sharpener sm , knives for sale at smkw smiths coarse diamond sharpening stone knives for sale at smkw smiths coarse diamond sharpening stone smoky mountain knife works, smiths coarse diamond sharpening stone red hill cutlery smiths oz honing oil, smiths diamond sharpening stone sharpening stonethe snare shop wiebe diamond knife sharpener.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 102.63624
Retrieved Text: Published 04/24/2019 12:02:16 pm at 04/24/2019 12:02:16 pm in Diamond Sharpening Plate.
diamond sharpening plate atoma diamond sharpener medium 400 grit advantages of and how to use a diamond knife sharpener knife diamond sharpening plates.
diamond honing plate s grit picclick au whetstone plate stone diamond sharpening honing chisel knife sharpener hand tool, detail feedback questions about grit diamond sharpening detail feedback questions about grit diamond sharpening plate knife sharpener set professional kitchen tools stones for sharpening knives , dmt dx inch diasharp continuous diamond extracoarse inch diasharp bench stone sharpening a sports knife, diamond sharpening plate set flat lapping muapp diamond sharpening plate set flat lapping, hand tools does it matter what kind of diamond stone i get inexpensive diamond sharpening , atoma diamond sharpening plates news atoma diamond sharpening plates, shapton diamond lapping plate shave like a boss honing, grit diamond plate whetstone knife sharpening sharpener grit diamond plate whetstone knife sharpening sharpener grinding tool, ezelap mm x mm fine grit single sided diamond sharpening ezelap mm x mm fine grit single sided diamond sharpening plate f, knife diamond plate whetstone rectangular diamond chassis sharpener knife diamond plate whetstone rectangular diamond chassis sharpener for knife polishing tools mm , diamond flattening stone lapping plate doublesided sharpening diamond flattening stone lapping plate doublesided diamond sharpening plate grit fixing stone flattener scottchen.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 97.37582
Retrieved Text: sharpen knife with a stone how to sharpen knives with a whetstone sharpen knife using japanese water stone sharpen knife without sharpening stone.
sharpen knife with a stone sharpening your pocket knife sharpen knife without sharpening stone sharpening knives with arkansas stone.
sharpen knife with a stone repeat this process on the other side of the knife and continue repeating until you have sharpened your knife though all your stone grits japanese knife sharpening water sto.
sharpen knife with a stone lift the handle to maintain contact with the stone towards the tip of the knife sharpen pocket knife wet stone sharpen knife whetstone video.
sharpen knife with a stone video knife sharpening sharpen knife whet stone sharpen knife using japanese water stone.
sharpen knife with a stone how to sharpen a knife with a water stone a camping knife sharpening water stone kit sharpen knife stone or steel.
sharpen knife with a stone oil on an sharpen knife using japanese water stone sharpen buck knife stone.
sharpen knife with a stone how to tutorial sharpening edge of knife with whetstone sharpening stone sharpen knife without stone sharpen knife using japanese water stone.
sharpen knife with a stone image titled sharpen a knife step 1 sharpen knife oil stone sharpen knife using japanese water stone.
sharpen knife with a stone whetstone diamond whetstone grit whetstone sharpening stone double folding knife stone sharpen knife using japanese water stone sharpen buck knife stone.
sharpen knife with a stone double sided grinding roughing wheel green carbon a c stone knives sharpened grinder sharpen knife without wet stone sharpen knife

########
Rank: 3
Score: 95.41688
Retrieved Text: Published 04/20/2019 12:25:40 am at 04/20/2019 12:25:40 am in Smith Diamond Sharpening Stone.
smith diamond sharpening stone smiths 4 inch diamond sharpening stone 50363 smiths abrasives diamond bench stone coarse yellow dbsc more views pkg smiths abrasives diamond bench stone.
on the edge the best knife sharpeners hiconsumption smiths pp pocket pal, ac smiths diamond combination knife and tool sharpener , old smith brand two stages diamond ceramic kitchen knife old smith brand two stages diamond ceramic kitchen knife sharpener sharpening stone, smiths sharpening stone grit diamond blade hq smiths sharpening stone grit diamond , smiths pack pal dual grit diamond stone sharpener simmons smiths pack pal dual grit diamond stone sharpener , how do i use a sharpening stone smith sharpening stone walmart how , smiths sharpener knife depot stone sharpening kit mediumfine, smiths inch natural arkansas sharpening stone youtube smiths inch natural arkansas sharpening stone, smiths yellow coarse diamond bench sharpening stone grit smiths yellow coarse diamond bench sharpening stone grit dbsc, sharpening kit three diamond stones smiths youtube sharpening kit three diamond stones smiths, diamond sharpening stone coarse smiths products diamond sharpening stone coarse .

########
Rank: 4
Score: 87.3435
Retrieved Text: Smith’s – The Edge Experts since 1886!
Smith's® 4” Coarse Diamond Sharpening Stone (item # 50924) features Smith’s patented interrupted diamond surface which speeds the sharpening process by collecting and holding the metal filings removed from the knife or tool edge during sharpening.
This keeps the sharpening surface clean and working effectively. The 4” Coarse Diamond Sharpening Stone (325 Grit) also comes with a Micro-Tool Sharpening Pad™ for sharpening the tips of your knife blade and small tools, a straight-line sharpening groove for fish hooks and pointed objects, and a stone cover that doubles as a base when not covering the stone. It is excellent for sharpening even the hardest steel blades and works best on small to medium hunting knives, tactical knives, and everyday pocket knives.
The 4˝ x 1˝ sized Diamond Hone is mounted on a Plastic Base and has a plastic lid to protect the stone when not in use. During use, the Plastic Lid can be inserted into the bottom of the stone base to extend the height of the base and make sharpening your knife safer. The user’s fingers grip lower on the base and remove any chance of cutting your fingers when pulling or pushing the knife’s cutting edge.
Note: Arkansas Novaculite is an Oil Stone and required Honing Oil.
Note: Knife shown in 2nd picture not included.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 85.53381
Retrieved Text: Being in the lucrative knife and scissor sharpening business for almost 125 years, Smith’s Consumer Products is one of the leaders of innovation in their niche. Ranging from the traditional Arkansas stone sharpener to the latest electric sharpeners, they are putting the interest of the general consumer on its top priority to be able to create the best and the most reliable line of Smith’s knife sharpener. They understand the needs of various group of people whose hobby or occupation depends on cutting tools and they work to provide excellent results to the demands of these industries.Among its latest line of products is the introduction of the brand KitchenIQ that also has established a name among the excellent knife sharpener products. Kitchen IQ has their set of manual and electric sharpeners and sharpening rods that serves diverse users with varying purpose but for the same superior quality. These product names are guarantee that the knives and cutleries are touched only by the carefully crafted and state-of-the-art Smith’s Consumer Products equipment.
The adjustable knob of this hybrid knife sharpener, one that is both electrical and manually operated, can be adjusted to fit various edges of knives. Knives’ blades has its defining angle that determines the sharpness and durability of the structure. Most of the kitchen knives are set at 20° and Asian knives has a more thinner 15° while some thicker blades are ranging from 22° to 30°. Sharpening these various edges requires a pre-set angle on the sharpener for precise and effective sharpening. And if one a

########
Rank: 6
Score: 84.79651
Retrieved Text: A carving knife is one of the best type of kitchen knives. You can use it in many ways for your knifing works. It is used especially for slicing, cutting or splitting food items or preparation of cuisines.
So you must have the idea about the proper using of carving knife. There are variations in carving knives and they are used for different purposes.
For getting the best performance of a knife, you should know some advanced techniques of sharpening along with the uses of the knife. In this article, we have discussed some advanced techniques. Hopefully, this guide will help you sharpen your tool effectively.
How to Sharpen a Carving Knife?
Before knowing the methods of sharpening and using a carving knife we must know what kind of carving knives or kitchen knives are best suited for the kitchen.
A perfect and appropriate kitchen knife is suitable for slicing or cutting any kind of food items. Before purchasing you must know details about the best product.
There are various types of steels of a kitchen knife. There are stainless steel, carbon steel etc. Stainless steels are very durable. You will get it in the market at a reasonable price. It will provide you with long life sharpness.
On the other hand, carbon steels are a little bit expensive. But they are also easy to sharpen. And it can also give you better performance.
You will find various kinds of kitchen knives for various purposes. For peeling any kind of fruit, slicing tomatoes or other vegetables there are flexible classified carving knife in the

########
Rank: 7
Score: 84.284386
Retrieved Text: Smith’s Diamond Precision Knife Sharpening System offers an easy way to sharpen all types of knives . . . INCLUDING SERRATED. The fabric storage pouch makes this kit portable and easy to store, and the 1-inch wide stones makes sharpening safe, fast, and easy. The kit comes with a Coarse Diamond Stone, Fine Diamond Stone, serrated edge stone bars, V-Lock Vise and premium Honing Solution.
Remember - Always apply a few drops of Smith's premium Hone Solution to your stone before you start sharpening. The lubricant floats away metal and stone particles that develop during the sharpening process.
Assembly - Mount T-Bars tightly onto the end of the knife clamp then screw a guide rod into the end of each stone bar.
Position of Blade - Attach the knife blade by loosing the front screw and red thumb screw of the knife clamp in order to accommodate the thinkness of your blade. Attach clamp to back of blade at the midpoint of the blade. Seat the blade in the vise so at least 1/4 inch of the blade's cutting edge extends out beyond the end of the vise unit. Tighten front screw to hold knife in place and to lock knife into place tighten large thumb sccrew on knife clamp. Do not overtighten either screw. Caution, do not attempt to sharpen your knife if it is loose in the clamp.
Angle Selection - After you have securely fastened your knife into the...ife blade near the handle of the knife. With smooth easy motions, push the stone across the cutting edge,

########
Rank: 8
Score: 82.48305
Retrieved Text: Published 04/19/2019 04:22:33 pm at 04/19/2019 04:22:33 pm in How To Sharpen A Knife With A Stone And Oil.
how to sharpen a knife with a stone and oil whetstone knife sharpening stone sh pu is a premium 4 stone sharpening set with diamond combination sharpener smiths products.
knife sharpening how to sharpen a knife easy methods rada blog , how to sharpen a knife with a waterstone serious eats step set up your station, sharpening stone wikipedia ,, how to sharpen a lawn mower blade youtube how to sharpen a lawn mower blade, lansky sharpeners how to get a polished mirror edge using the i used a fine diamond hone to start knife is already sharp notice the scratch pattern on the edge left by the hone, how to sharpen a knife with a whetstone things to know before buying a chinese cleaver, how to sharpen knives and keep them sharp howto finecooking for the tip of the knife set the stone on a damp towel position the blade at an angle to up from the lubricated surface of the stone, kitchen care basics with babish ill show you how to clean and season your cast iron sharpen your knives and more, sharpening with a coticule whetstone coticulestonejpg, sharpening stone walmartcom .

########
Rank: 9
Score: 82.25914
Retrieved Text: Sharpal 107H 10’’ Ceramic Knife Sharpener - Removable rubber cap to protect a support surface from scratch as well as to reduce chipping and nicking when drops. Loop on the handle for hanging. Hones and realigns cutting edge. Soft grip handle for comfort. Oversized hand guard for safety.
Kitchen Knife Sharpener: for Steel & Ceramic Knives, Repair & Restore Kitchen Knife Sharpening System, Course & Fine Grain Blade Sharpening - Knife sharpener for steel and ceramic knives, blunt kitchen knives fail to cut properly and are dangerous, slip easily, and can cause injury keep your kitchen knives nice and sharp with our two stage knife sharpener chef’s choice knife sharpener knife sharpener manual kit best kitchen knives. Repair & restore kitchen knife, this ceramic knife sharpener will resurrect your heirloom blades and get them back into sharp cutting condition keep the world a greener place by sharpening and reusing your old knives made new again no need to waste money buying new knives straight and serrated knives. 2-stage diamond coated wheel system, our stainless steel kitchen knife sharpener features a non-slip rubber base that keeps the sharpener in securely place and keeps you safe while you sharpen your knives. Straight and serrated knives, our kitchen knife sharpener is housed in a sleek stainless steel and hard black plastic design that looks good on your counter top and flatters your kitchen decor complements stainless steel appliances and traditional appliances with its classic design kit professional. Knife sharpening system, our steel knife sharpener is easier to use than a

########
Rank: 10
Score: 81.4854
Retrieved Text: The Tormek knife jigs enable you to restore the knife blade to its original and optimal edge angle. You do not just sharpen or hone at the very tip of the edge, which only temporarily increase the sharpness – you create an even, durable bevel along the full knife blade.
When sharpening and honing with the Tormek knife jigs, you are in full control and get a constant bevel angle for the full knife blade. Since you re-sharpen the knife to the same edge angle, you do not remove any unnecessary amount of steel, making the sharpening efficient. Also, it will cause minimal wear on your knives and you will have the benefit of always working with a real sharp knife, sharpened to the ideal edge angle.
If you are used to touching up the knife edge without leaving the workspace, you can use a sharpening steel in between sharpening on the Tormek system, just keep in mind that the edge angle will unintentionally increase after each time. After a few touch ups using a sharpening steel you come to a point where you need to restore and sharpen the full bevel to its intended edge angle.
(1) A sharp edge. (2) The edge is worn and blunt. (3) After honing on a bench stone or by hand using a sharpening steel the edge is sharp again, but with an increased edge angle.
(4) After another period of use the edge is blunt again. (5) Another honing sharpens the edge to a still larger angle. (6) The edge is now

########
Rank: 11
Score: 81.362114
Retrieved Text: At first glance the Fällkniven FS4 appears to be a folding knife, complete with a handle and a ‘blade’. Instead of a cutting tool the ‘blade’ is actually the sharpening stone. This is protected inside a Zytel handle and with the press of a button the stone automatically flips out. The stone can then be locked in the open position, much like a traditional folding knife blade. The handle has grooves to aid grip and a dry slightly textured finish.
The Fällkniven FS4 is very easy to transport and put to use due to its compact size and folding stone design. As the FS4 has a handle it allows you to keep your fingers clear and use the entire area of the stone. This makes sharpening easier when compared to holding a stone directly. The lock prevents accidental deployment or closure of the stone too.
The whole FS4 is very compact and has a durable feel to it. Supplied is a repair kit with utility tool and spare parts, this is a very nice touch.
Fällkniven FS4 Sharpener with a collection of its supplied repair kit and utility tool.
The stone is a combination of two sides, one diamond and one ceramic. These are strongly glued together with 3M tape. One is coated with Titanium Alumina Nitride and has a hardness of 10 on the Mohs scale. The other half is made of synthetic Sapphires and has a hardness of 8 Mohs. More important is the grit size, the diamond section comes in at 25 microns and the ceramic at

########
Rank: 12
Score: 81.32057
Retrieved Text: It is more important to keep the blade sharp, than whether your knives are inexpensive or very costly, so you need a high quality sharpening stone and proper instruction.
The BLUESUN Sharpening Stone is made of natural corundum, It has excellent features of self-sharpening, particle distribution is consistent and precise hardness, every Sharpening Stone is produced with 17 processes, which is grinded precisely and has three inspection procedures to guarantee the quality.
A: Dominate hand is to maintain the proper angle of the blade, the opposite hand use 3 or 4 fingers to apply pressure, have the back of the blade lead the knife across the entire whetstone surface.
B: works with one side at a time, once you feel a slight burr on the opposite side of the edge, then change side until you feel slight burr too, using short upward motion remove the burrs.
C: when looking directly at the blade, you should see blade line.
Step3:2000 grit is for honing, repeat the same way as above.
*The cutting of knife tends to fold over with use, which make it dull, so honing is used, honing straightens the cutting edge of knife, and keeps knife working well before it is necessary to grind away material and re-profile the blade of cutting knife.
*as you sharpening on 600 grit side, there will be small scratches and still burr ,so you can smoothing out scratches and remove burr with 2000 grit side, create a more polished, sharper edge.
2 GRIT SIDES ENSURE BEST SHARPENING: The BLUESUN Sharpening Stone Device has excellent features of self-sharpening,

########
Rank: 13
Score: 81.23049
Retrieved Text: A sharp knife is important in order to preserve the true flavours of fresh ingredients. Cutting with a dull knife will damage food on a cellular level and alter it’s taste and appearance. The quality of the cut is becoming an increasingly important issue in professional cooking.
A sharp knife is also important for safety. A dull knife is more prone to slip on food and may result in bodily injury. Sharp knives are also important for kitchen efficiency. It will take more time and effort to cut with a dull knife than a sharp knife.
Using a sharp knife is also undoubtedly much more enjoyable.
Sharpening, or honing on a steel is a good in between measure. Steeling your knives will put tiny micro grooves along the blade that act like teeth to give it some traction during cutting. The steel will also realign any burrs that have formed. This method is widely used by chefs and butchers. However at some stage a stone is required in order to return a knife to a razor sharp edge.
Hold the knife by the handle with your cutting hand and the steel pointing upwards at a 75 degree angle from the horizon with the other hand.
Hold the handle end of the blade against the steel approximately 2cm from the tip of the steel. Set up the blade with a 15° to degree angle to the steel (20° for German or thicker knives and 15° degrees for Japanese or thinner knives).
Draw the knife down the steel and towards the tip of the

########
Rank: 14
Score: 81.13766
Retrieved Text: Published 04/24/2019 12:44:48 pm at 04/24/2019 12:44:48 pm in Diamond Sharpening Plate.
diamond sharpening plate atoma diamond sharpening plate 140 close up professional thin diamond sharpening stone knives diamond professional thin diamond sharpening stone knives diamond plate whetstone knife sharpener grinder.
costco living room furniture australia small house interior design diamond plate sharpener diamond plate sharpening station, diamond knife sharpening plate polishing plate sharpener whetstone useful diamond plate grit sharpening sharpener whetstone carving tool, grit diamond plate whetstone knife sharpening sharpener grit diamond plate whetstone knife sharpening sharpener grinding tool, dmt dc diamond sharpening plate coarse , detail feedback questions about grit diamond sharpening detail feedback questions about grit diamond sharpening plate knife sharpener set professional kitchen tools stones for sharpening knives , sharpening stone image diamond plate ebay use webuzz diamond sharpening plate knife stone professional thin whetstone disc abrasive plates australia sh diamond sharpening plate , diamond sharpening plate ozhigochicom diamond sharpening plate workbench accessories by woodworking community diamond sharpening plates nz, ezelap diamond sharpening stones fine tools ezelap diamond sharpener, atoma diamond sharpening plate youtube atoma diamond sharpening plate, in search of the best diamond sharpening stone sharpen up dmt diamond, atoma diamond lapped sharpening plate for knives coarse mtc atoma diamond lapped sharpening plate for knives coarse.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 81.06657
Retrieved Text: Question: What is better to sharpen Samura steel knives with?
Answer: Samura's Japanese whetstones are ideal for sharpening high-grade steel knives.
For a very blunt knife, whetstones with grain size of 400 to 800 grit will be just fine.
For standard sharpening (not very blunt knife, but it feels like it is time to sharpen), pick up the whetstone with grain size of 1000 to 3000 grit.
However, for polishing and bringing the knife to razor sharpness you will need whetstones with grain size of 5000 to 8000 grit.
Question: What is the difference between a honing rod and a knife sharpener?
Answer: Knife sharpeners and whetstones are needed to sharpen extremely blunted or damaged blades. On the contrary, honing rods are designed for frequent use. It is a gentle mode for rapid recovery of the cutting edge. It is noteworthy that Japanese chefs do not use honing rods as they sharpen only the edge, whereas the whetstone covers the entire knife surface.
Question: What does the 3000# sharpening mean?
Answer: It means that the knife was ground with a 3000 grit whetstone. The greater the grain size, the sharper the knife. More details on the grain size can be found here.
Question: Do ceramic knives need sharpening?
Answer: Ceramic knives can maintain their sharpness incredibly long and do not require that frequent sharpening. However, they do need sharpening, and for this purpose the Samura NEC-2000 electric sharpener or Diamond combination sharpening stone will come perfect.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 80.5532
Retrieved Text: How to Build a Knife - Instructables- Smith Knife grinding Equipment ,I'm not here to dissuade you (rather, I'd like to encourage you), but let me first get this out of the way: knife making , a knife blade recently at a gun show and have been looking for a decent set of instructions for how to gri.Precision Ground Carbide Replacement Blades | Smith's - Knife ,50185, 50364, 50411, 50170, 50270 -Carbide Replacement Blades - Precision Grind , Pocket Pal X2 Sharpener and Survival Tool (item # 50364 & 50411), and Smith's JIFF-V-Sharp Knife & Scissors Sharpener (item # 50170 & 50270),.
23 Jan 2009 , The Rendena Valley where he grew up has been the home of knife grinders for years, and the starting point for immigrants who have , at 4249 N Kedzie Ave, where he maintained grinding equipment to sharpen knives from thro.
Find articles on knife grinding, shaper knives, chatter and snipe, moulder head vibration, grinding your own moulder knives, cutting steel blanks, , Advice on choosing and using equipment for cutting off moulder and planer knife blanks,.
31 Mar 2013 , This shows one way to hollow grind a knife Hopefully it will offer you , +Mr Smith The hollow grind is not the final grind for the edge Your edge grind is a secondary bevel that you can do either with a machine or stone.
24 Nov 2003 , Most 'experienced' hobby smiths on the internet forums are unanimous in pushing the beginner to start with a , Grinding and sanding equipment plays a

########
Rank: 17
Score: 80.32345
Retrieved Text: india stone sharpening red india sharpening stone round india stone for knife sharpening.
india stone sharpening combination sharpening stone in wooden box india stone for knife sharpening fine india sharpening stone.
india stone sharpening get quotations a combination stone sharpener x 1 3 x 5 red india sharpening stone round fine india sharpening stone.
india stone sharpening reamer stones abrasives abrasives reamers sharpening stones t medium fine india dental sharpening stone fine india sharpening stone.
india stone sharpening 2 of 3 abrasives 8 medium sharpening stone w wood base holder india sharpening stone wiki red india sharpening stone.
india stone sharpening combination course fine bench stone 6 india oil stone knife sharpening india stone for knife sharpening.
india stone sharpening 8 combination coarse fine sharpening stone overall dimensions are 8 x 1 x 2 sold out india oil stone knife sharpening india sharpening stone norton.
india stone sharpening stones india sharpening stone norton red india sharpening stone.
india stone sharpening stone round combo fine india sharpening stone red india sharpening stone.
india stone sharpening red india sharpening stone indian stone knife sharpening.
india stone sharpening tap to expand india sharpening stone norton india sharpening stone wiki.
india stone sharpening fine india sharpening stone red india sharpening stone.
india stone sharpening sharpening stones and accessories 6 wedge shape indian stone knife sharpening india dental sharpening stone.
india stone sharpening combination oil coarse fine grit indian stone knife sharpening india dental sharpening stone.
india stone sharpening red india sharpening stone india oil stone knife sharpening.
india stone sharpening 1 2 x 2 1 2 x 1 2 fine stone grit inc the leading

########
Rank: 18
Score: 80.30393
Retrieved Text: We're pleased to be carrying these sharpening tools from the respected Swedish knife maker, Fallkniven. Their sharpening stones feature durable diamond and ceramic abrasives specifically designed for working with the hard steels found in today's top end knives.
The DC521 stone offers a generous 8-1/4" (210mm) x 2-1/4" (55mm) size, making it suitable for almost any knife. This bench stone is double sided, with diamond and ceramic surfaces that will sharpen well and maintain their flatness even when working with the premium steels found in many of today's top shelf knives. Both abrasive surfaces are to be used dry, with no oil or water. Upkeep of this stone is straight forward, with both the diamond and the ceramic sides requiring only an occasional cleaning with soap and water to keep them free of waste material and working optimally.
The gold colored side of this stone is covered with 25 micron (about 600 grit) monocrystalline diamonds, then coated in titanium alumina nitride to make a fast cutting, durable sharpening surface. This diamond side is used to quickly restore the shape of your knife's edge.
The dark gray side of the stone is a ceramic material composed of synthetic sapphires. Finer than the diamond surface, the ceramic side is used to refine the edge after shaping. Ceramic stones don't have abrasive particles in the traditional sense, so it isn't really practical to apply a grit number to them, but the feel of using the dark ceramic side is similar to using a hard Arkansas stone. It leaves a refined edge with

########
Rank: 19
Score: 80.08044
Retrieved Text: Home Tags Posts tagged with "5 stone knife sharpener"
A 17 to 20 degree angle covers most kitchen knives. Some knives (typically Japanese manufacturers) will sharpen their knives to roughly 17 degrees. 5 stone knife sharpener – sharpener. Cheap models under $20 get a lot of complaints about sharpening performance, ergonomics, and durability. The advantage of stones and jigs is that, properly used, they can produce exceptional edges, the sort that generate viral videos. They are as important to me as creating extremely sharp edges, without the joy that I experience sharpening every knife by hand, Best knife sharpener – 5 stone knife sharpener.. \”Who needs a knife sharpener. I don’t believe I can say what is a better method of sharpening knives, at least not with an answer that covers all the bases. (The brown block in the opening shot is a waterstone.) Because most “complete” knife sets come with a honing steel, it’s easy to think that’s all you need. I don’t think we should even wonder what is better for sharpening knives. Manual sharpeners fall into two basic categories: those that use a V-shaped cutting notch, often made of ultrahard tungsten carbide, to carve a new edge onto a blade, and those that use fixed or rotating abrasive elements (either an abrasive ceramic or diamond-impregnated steel) to grind a new edge. I have seen the edges off of these machines and I can agree that they have the ability to sharpen a knife. With a total angle of 20 to 34 degrees, this is

########
Rank: 20
Score: 79.929146
Retrieved Text: Now, when it comes to using sharpening stones or bench stones the person doing the sharpening must consider if he/she will sharpen the knife with or without the use of an angle guide. The age-old question of freehand sharpening or guided sharpening. I myself prefer freehand sharpening on a bench stone as this is the true art of sharpening a knife by the seat of your pants.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 79.74393
Retrieved Text: DMT Duo-Sharp – innovative diamond bench stones with two grits in one large surface bench stone. The large precision-flat surface allows long and even strokes. Ideal for sharpening and honing woodworking tools, chef and kitchen knives and other industrial equipment where flatness counts.
DMT Duo-Sharp® - double-sided diamond bench stone.
Innovative, multi-patented DuoSharp Bench Stone is a precision flat, two diamond surfaced sharpener guaranteed to provide consistent, even sharpening every time.
8" DuoSharp Bench Stone with non-skid mat, an excellent counter and bench sharpener, with a larger, wider diamond surface for sharpening a variety of edges.
Easy counter or bench use; larger, wider diamond surface for sharpening a variety of knives and edges.
Sharpening with diamonds is fast and easy. No messy oils needed sharpen dry or with water.
Two sided: Coarse diamond to transform a dull edge and Fine diamond for a razor sharp edge.
Coarse diamond (45 micron / 325 mesh) to quickly restore a neglected edge. Extra-Coarse diamond (60 micron / 220 mesh) when significant removal of material is needed for a damaged edge.
DMT DuoSharpPlus™ double-sided stone with continuous diamond zone.
8" DuoSharp plus Bench Stone with non-skid mat provides excellent counter and bench sharpening, features two sides of 6" x 2 5/8" interrupted diamond surface sharpening perfect for knives, scissors, tools PLUS the benefits of a continuous zone for small and pointed tools.
Innovative, precision flat two grit diamond sharpener featuring both interrupted and continuous diamond sharpening.
Two sided, two different diamond with Fine diamond for a razor sharp edge and Extra-Fine to polish and refine an edge.
10" DuoSharp Bench Stone with

########
Rank: 22
Score: 78.336395
Retrieved Text: The original and still the best knife sharpening system you can buy. The 3 sharpening stones come with the knife clamp, the guide rods, honing oil and instructions all in its own case.
This is probably the only system that is still made in the US, everything else has been farmed out to China. It is simple to use and comes with 3 stages of stone - Coarse, Medium and Fine.
It really will sharpen any knife to a shaving sharp finnish in minutes. I have been using one for years and haven't even had to replace the bottle of honing oil yet. A real winner.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 77.677734
Retrieved Text: ceramic knife sharpener ceramic knife sharpener with blue handle made of.
ceramic knife sharpener diamond ceramic knife sharpener k.
ceramic knife sharpener 1 of electric ceramic knife sharpener sharpening stone sharpening grindstone tool.
ceramic knife sharpener short ceramic knife sharpener.
ceramic knife sharpener mini knife sharpener ceramic knife sharpeners outdoor tool kits portable camping hiking tools.
ceramic knife sharpener ceramic knife sharpener red.
ceramic knife sharpener sharpener double sided diamond sharpener sharpener sharpener auxiliary knife holder ceramic knife fixed angle sharpener.
ceramic knife sharpener mini electric ceramic knife sharpener at knife shop click image to zoom.
ceramic knife sharpener ceramic knife sharpener.
ceramic knife sharpener mercer culinary ceramic knife sharpener with black nylon handle.
ceramic knife sharpener kitchen knife sharpener steel ceramic knife stone tungsten steel diamond gadgets kitchen accessories tools kitchen accessories.
ceramic knife sharpener ceramic knife sharpener honer pop up system by the makers of.
ceramic knife sharpener grit double side diamond ceramic knife sharpening stone.
ceramic knife sharpener ceramic diamond knife sharpeners ceramic knife sharpener it is used in high hardness.
ceramic knife sharpener stellar diamond ceramic knife sharpener click to enlarge.
ceramic knife sharpener sharpener ceramic v sharpener.
ceramic knife sharpener mini portable ceramic carbide knife sharpener kitchen blade 2 stages pocket knives sharpening tool with rope kitchen home sharpener mini knife sharpener.
ceramic knife sharpener army knife kitchen knife series ceramic knife sharpener whetstone originating in japan.
ceramic knife sharpener ceramic knife sharpener professional knives sharpener 3 stage sharpening system for knives.
ceramic knife sharpener ceramic knife sharpener with handle.
ceramic knife sharpener ceramic knife sharpener w wooden handle.
ceramic knife sharpener grooved ceramic knife sharpener red.
ceramic knife sharpener premium ceramic knife

########
Rank: 24
Score: 77.60506
Retrieved Text: A solid knife is essential for every hunter, but any blade is worthless if you don’t have an equally effective sharpener. All blades dull over time and a good knife sharpener not only gives you the best function of your tool but also extends the lifespan of your knife and saves money long term.
In this review, we will review the best knife sharpeners for hunting and give you pointers on how to choose the right one for your hunting adventures.
Are All Hunting Knife Sharpeners the Same?
Each knife sharpener offers a perfect solution to a different situation. The main distinction can be made between hand sharpeners and mechanic sharpeners.
The first is a more classic approach which can give hunters maximum control and can be used in a multitude of locations including out in the field. A mechanized blade sharpener decreases the room for human error and can be less daunting to use for those new to sharpening.
Each type of product uses a different method of sharpening and is also made from a different material. Whetstone sharpening offers a traditional method using aluminum oxide grit, while plates, rods, and strops can be diamond, ceramic, or leather respectively. Some use carbide instead of steel for example, which provides a much quicker finish by literally shaving the edges. Mechanized sharpeners tend to use grit belts for sharpening.
What Makes a Great Sharpener?
The usefulness of a sharpener is determined by its compatibility with your needs. Here are a few things to consider before investing in a hunting blade sharpener.
If you are new

########
Rank: 25
Score: 77.39952
Retrieved Text: serrated knife sharpening tool gear 4 in 1 pocket knife sharpener carbide ceramic diamond tapered serrated serrated knife sharpening tool.
serrated knife sharpening tool dmt fskf diafold serrated knife sharpener fine by dmt diamond machining technology serrated knife sharpening tools.
serrated knife sharpening tool image titled sharpen serrated knives step 8 serrated knife sharpening tools.
serrated knife sharpening tool knife sharpener blade medic pocket size sharpening kit lansky serrated ceramic ceramic knife sharpening tool.
serrated knife sharpening tool dmt fskf tapering serrated knife sharpener fine serrated knife sharpening tool.
serrated knife sharpening tool smiths pocket pal ceramic knife sharpening tool.
serrated knife sharpening tool lansky crock stick cold steel serrated knife sharpener serrated knife sharpening tools.
serrated knife sharpening tool dmt diafold serrated knife sharpener extra fine 1200 grit smoky mountain knife works best knife sharpening tool.
serrated knife sharpening tool image titled sharpen serrated knives step 3 new smiths pp pocket pal compact all pocket knife sharpener all new smiths pp pocket pal multifunction diamond knife sharpener rod serrated.
serrated knife sharpening tool serrated knife sharpening tools.
serrated knife sharpening tool brod and taylor smooth serrated knife sharpener serrated knife sharpening tools.
serrated knife sharpening tool blade medic knife sharpener ceramic knife sharpening tool.
serrated knife sharpening tool professional knife sharpener stainless steel detachable ceramic knife sharpening stone tungsten steel diamond sharpener kitchen tools sharpeners kitchen ceramic knife sharpening tool.
serrated knife sharpening tool image titled sharpen serrated knives step 2 ceramic knife sharpening tool.
serrated knife sharpening tool 5 serrated tomato knife ceramic knife sharpening tool.
serrated knife sharpening tool kitcheniq 5009 ceramic knife sharpening tool.
serrated knife sharpening tool

########
Rank: 26
Score: 77.17051
Retrieved Text: electric knife sharpening kit best knife sharpening stone smiths.
electric knife sharpening kit best knife sharpeners for your kitchen.
electric knife sharpening kit smiths pocket pal.
electric knife sharpening kit knife sharpener electric knife sharpener best knife sharpener sharpening stone chefs choice.
electric knife sharpening kit electric knife sharpener suit butcher hunter fishing home.
electric knife sharpening kit knife sharpener amazon knife sharpener easiest manual and electric knife sharpeners amazon knife.
electric knife sharpening kit best professional sharpener knife sharpener deluxe 5 stones sharpening system extra coarse knife sharpener kit top electric knife sharpeners top.
electric knife sharpening kit professional electric knife sharpener kit products knife sharpeners electric knife sharpeners.
electric knife sharpening kit 1.
electric knife sharpening kit sharpening for hunting outdoors.
electric knife sharpening kit close up of an i o electric knife sharpener on a wooden chopping board.
electric knife sharpening kit smiths sharpeners diamond knife sharpening system.
electric knife sharpening kit sharpener food tool this 9 idiot proof knife sharpener gets amazing results knife sharpening kit.
electric knife sharpening kit mower.
electric knife sharpening kit this photo is of a knife that is difficult to sharpen freehand the edge pro.
electric knife sharpening kit kitchen knife sharpener knife sharpener reviews kitchen knife sharpening kit reviews.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 76.81753
Retrieved Text: Yes this knife sharpener is expensive but it works really well. I bought it specifically to keep a sharp edge on my Global knives and it does exactly that. If you take proper care of your knives and sharpen them every so often they should last a lifetime. I do not use a fine grit whetstone in conjunction with this medium whetstone and my knives have been fine. This whetstone is worth the money.... This is the knife sharpener they recommend for Global knives if you are incompetent with a ceramic hone or sharpening stones. I tried out my new MinoSharp and now my nice slices through paper easily and did a great job on my carrots. It is probably not factory sharp but this sharpener is great for upkeep!
Made in Japan, the Global Minosharp Water Sharpener is a water sharpener that is very fast and very safe to use. NEW Global Knives Katana 6pcs Cutlery Block Set with MinoSharp Knife Sharpener. White ceramic wheel is coarse while the pink wheel is fine to suit your knife type and needs. how to use a combination square set This pink ceramic replacement sharpening wheel is designed for exclusive use with Global MinoSharp Knife Sharpeners (220/GB and 220/BR). It features a medium grit for sharpening dull knives. It features a medium grit for sharpening dull knives.
Global MinoSharp Knife Sharpener 2 Wheel. 2 Reviews . or 4 payments of $ 10.74 with Afterpay This 2 wheel ceramic water sharpener from Global gives you razor sharp blades quickly and effectively.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 76.32504
Retrieved Text: Retailers can be found using the link in the top menu.
This set will go for a perfect gift for people who are keen on woodcarving.
Knife Sharpening Kit includes knife clamp, angle guides, guide rods, roll pouch and a Superfine, Fine and Medium Diamond sharpening stone.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 75.952934
Retrieved Text: Smith’s TRI-6 Arkansas TRI-HONE Sharpening Stone System, is the companies foray into Arkansas stone sharpening.
For those not in the know, Arkansas stone is a superior form of sharpening stone that are quarried from geological formations of Novaculite. The name comes from the fact that the only known deposits of Novaculite come from the Ouachita Mountains, in Arkansas.
Novaculite is composed of microcrystalline quartz.
The unique crystalline structure of the quartz gives Arkansas stones their superior honing abilities.
Well that’s the short geology lesson over with, what about the knife sharpener?
The Smith’s TRI-6 system features 2 types of Arkansas stone; a medium stone for sharpening (600 grit), a fine stone for honing (100 – 1200 grit) and a third coarse synthetic stone for more aggressive maintenance, (400 grit).
To complete the functional design the tool is held upon a sturdy molded plastic base, that is weighted well enough to hold position on the work counter. Non skid rubber feet fasten the sharpener when in use.
Being a whetstone knife sharpener the Smith’s TRI-6 Arkansas TRI-HONE does require lubrication to avoid friction burs when sharpening. The system does come complete with Smith’s premium honing solution, and is easily available should you run out.
Albeit oil lubricated, the tool is still very easy to clean, with a “V” trough built into the system to collect the oil drippings. A simple wipe with the rag after use will help keep the sharpener in tip-top condition.
Those used to whetstone sharpening will have no problems operating the Smith’s TRI-6 Arkansas TRI-HONE sharpener. The system comes complete with sharpening

================



======= Instance Index 8965 =========
Input Text: If a description of a situation begins like this: [header] How to create wavy hair with a curling iron [title] Get a ceramic tourmaline 1 " barrel curling iron. [step] This is a high quality styling tool, and so it should work better than the alternative and also protect your hair better. The 1 " barrel will allow you to create large curls that you can then shake out and scrunch up to create a wavy look.... Then how
does it continue? 

Ending 1: You can also use a curling iron with a larger barrel or a smaller barrel, though it may be more difficult to achieve the wavy look. [substeps] You can buy curling irons from a beauty supply shop or online.

Ending 2: [substeps] Hold the curling iron at hip-height. Holding it at hip level towards you minimizes the risk of damaging your bottom strand of hair and will reduce frizz.

Ending 3: [title] Take a small amount of water in your chosen iron. [step] Take a compact 4 " barrel curling iron.

Ending 4: [title] Find a curling iron with a round barrel. [step] This is it, curling with a barrel.

Target Text: Ending 1

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 102.729256
Retrieved Text: Are you in the market for quality and reliable 3 barrel curling irons so you can add volume and gorgeous-looking waves to your hair? If you are, check out the best hair-styling tools of this kind for 2018 in our triple barrel curling iron reviews and buying guide.
Equipped with a locking switch to ensure the safety of the barrels.
Comes with an LED indicator + swivel cord.
Features LCD display and 360˚ rotatable swivel + skid proof mat.
Teflon body reaches max temperature in 60 secs.
Ceramic technology helps protect your hair from excess heat with 25 heat settings that heats max temperature in 60 secs.
Suitable for all hair types & lengths.
A 3 barrel curling iron is also known as the wave iron because it creates the wavy curls in your hair. These waves are perfect for special occasions such as parties and marriages and give you altogether a unique look and leave the guests appreciative of your style.
To achieve the wavy curls, this type of curling iron is the most suitable hair equipment. As the name suggests, they have three barrels unlike regular curling iron which has a clamp or a curling wand which has no clamp to hold the hair down.
There are different metals, which are used in the barrels, such as metallic, ceramic, and tourmaline. The metallic barrels are not recommended for extended use of the triple barrel curling irons because these metals can damage the hair as they produce the positive ions, which may harm your hair. Ceramic and tourmaline irons are the most favorable triple

########
Rank: 1
Score: 100.15499
Retrieved Text: Published 04/22/2019 07:37:43 pm at 04/22/2019 07:37:43 pm in Curling Wand Ceramic.
curling wand ceramic tourmaline ceramic 1 inch to inch curling wand the twist conical curling wand with tourmaline ceramic barrel the twist conical curling wand with tourmaline ceramic barrel.
best ceramic curling irons for your hair hairsaurus ceramic curling irons, , interchangeable curling iron in curling iron set with interchangeable curling iron in curling iron set with interchangeable curling wand ceramic barrels and a heat protective glove interchangeable curling , in ceramic curling wand hair curler set pro interchangeable in ceramic curling wand hair curler set pro interchangeable barrel mmmm tourmaline , chi air tourmaline ceramic curling wand onyx black target about this item, best curling wands rank style remington ci t studio salon collection pearl digital ceramic curling wand, rotating hair curling wand ceramic hair curler curling iron with array new rotating hair curling wand ceramic hair curler curling iron with clip degree, the best ceramic curling irons , remington tstudio silk ceramic wide curling wand cixa remington tstudio silk ceramic wide curling wand cixa inch wide walgreens, professional in hair curler wand ceramic curling wand p professional in hair curler wand ceramic curling wand p clipless curling iron the magic wand interchangeable hair style tool v v iron hair hair , vav automatic curling wand ceramic professional hair iron pink ebay automatic curling wand ceramic professional auto hair curling iron.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 96.01086
Retrieved Text: curling iron cricket ultra smooth curling iron.
curling iron baby curls pink curling wand.
curling iron curling iron inch with tourmaline ceramic coating hair curling.
curling iron hot tools 1 salon curling iron wand extra long barrel gold.
curling iron image alt text.
curling iron pro 1 1 4 inch rainbow curling iron titanium.
curling iron chi curling iron chi tools.
curling iron 2 way rotating curling iron.
curling iron topic curling irons.
curling iron 3 in 1 bold curling iron set.
curling iron best curling irons.
curling iron chi air texture tourmaline ceramic curling iron 1 1 2 chi tools.
curling iron product image moisturizing hair curling iron.
curling iron chi air texture tourmaline ceramic 1 curling iron fire red angle zoom.
curling iron volt curling iron.
curling iron gold spring curling iron inch.
curling iron icon interchangeable curling iron.
curling iron 1 inch curling iron.
curling iron of troy chrome spring curling iron 5 8 midi.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 94.268364
Retrieved Text: bed head curling iron bed head curler hot tools professional curling iron review bed head foxy curls mousse how to use bed head curling wand video bed head curling iron auto shut off.
bed head curling iron other resolutions a pixels bed head rock and roller curling iron.
bed head curling iron bed head crimping iron bed head curling iron bed head rock and roller curling iron.
bed head curling iron product girl bed head curling iron target.
bed head curling iron bed head curling wand lee chopstick curling wand iron ceramic hair curler for professional tight spiral bed head curling iron reviews.
bed head curling iron bed head tools bed head styling tools hair dryers direct from bed bed head vs hot tools curling iron bed head waver vs hot tools waver bed head curling iron rock n roller.
bed head curling iron bed head curling iron bed head hair dryer bed head rock n roller curling wand bed head curling iron bed head curling iron target.
bed head curling iron bed head spiral curling wand review bed head curling iron 15 inch.
bed head curling iron perfect heat 3 4 hair curling iron 6 of 6 bed head waver bed head curling iron target.
bed head curling iron bed head curler bed head rock and roller curling iron.
bed head curling iron bed head curling irons bed head curling iron photo 1 of 5 beauty delightful bed head bed head curling irons how to use bed head wave curling iron.
bed head curling iron bed head curling wand bed head curler bed head curling iron

########
Rank: 4
Score: 93.49383
Retrieved Text: Tourmaline Ceramic Technology: This set provides the best styling results by producing negative ions to seal moisture, protect cuticles and reduce hair static and frizz. The ceramic coating provides a shinier, healthier finish to reduce hair loss and damage, without pulling on the hair.
Works On All Hair Types: Whether you have short or long locks; thick or thin, this three curling iron works like a charm. The tourmaline ceramic negatively produces charged ions that create soft, shiny waves without any frizz. And unlike single barrel styling irons that take ages to curl hair, this 3 barrel curling iron does it in a matter of minutes.
Feature: Feel like you get in a gruesome arm workout dealing with bulky hair styling accessories? Our beach wave curling iron is surprisingly lightweight and comes with 360 degrees rotatable and tangle-free cord, non-slip handle, and insulated barrel tips to provide added safety. Curling your hair doesn't have to be a stressful affair anymore!

########
Rank: 5
Score: 92.85197
Retrieved Text: One of the most innovative hairstyling tools to be introduced to the hair industry, Karmin presents the new G3 Salon Pro Clipless Tourmaline Curling Wand.
The clipless curling wand allows you to create flawless, natural looking curls and waves effortlessly and in less time than a conventional spring curling iron. When you wrap your hair around the exclusive ultra polished barrel of this curling wand you will be amazed with the results. Ceramic and tourmaline technology leave hair smooth, shiny and full of bounce, creating curly and wavy hairstyles that last all day.
The temperature of 410F (210c) makes the Karmin Clipless Curling Wand perfect for all hair types and with features such as heat resistant grip, 3 meter swivel cord and PTC heater for quick and steady heat, it is the perfect curling wand for both the professional and home user.
Start creating your natural looking waves and curls today with the Karmin G3 Salon Pro Tourmaline Clipless Curling Wand.
The tapered barrel allows you to choose the size of your curls; wrap hair closely and tightly for smaller curls or loosely for larger curls. For voluminous waves, simply brush out the curls or use your fingers to break them up. One curling iron, endless options!
Worldwide Voltage 100-240V – Use your curling wand in any country.
At my house there are 3 other girls who love styling their hairs, and each one of us has a different hair tool to share with the others. I bought this curler and we all love it because it is perfect to use no

########
Rank: 6
Score: 91.696846
Retrieved Text: It’s not easy to find the right styling tools for short hair. Straighteners are usually too wide and popular large barrel curling irons just aren’t going to cut it. If you’re looking for a curling iron for short hair, never fear. We researched some of the best brands and top rated products to put together this review so you can find the perfect styling tool for you. Here are some of the main things to consider when you shop.
Material: Most of these products are made using a ceramic barrel which is one of the best materials out there. Not only does it create a style that holds, but it also leaves your curls smooth and shiny.
Barrel Size: For short hair, smaller barrels are better because they give you a little more control over the style. These curling irons vary in size from 0.35 to 1.25 inches which still gives you a lot of variety.
Highest Heat: Some of these products get pretty hot, as high as 450 degrees. If you have thick or very textured hair, you need a high temperature but something that hot isn’t necessary for thin, fine hair.
Auto Shut-Off: If you’re someone who can’t always remember whether or not you turned off your curling iron before you left the house, automatic shut off is for you. The peace of mind it brings is worth it.
Heat Settings: Most of our picks have adjustable heat settings. Some have 2 or 5 while others let you choose a specific temperature from 50 different options. Different hair textures

########
Rank: 7
Score: 91.69511
Retrieved Text: There are really two main designs of roof-rack, horizontal and vertical shelves. As a general rule, horizontal racks support more weight, as they have a far lower centre of gravity so are let alone likely to topple over. However, they take up far more floor area, which is in high demand if you just have a limited space to working out in. Vertical racks occupy a far smaller footprint, but make sure that you put your heaviest dumb bells towards the bottom of the rack to lower its centre of gravity. One of the important considerations of buying a stand is how much you are prepared to spend on it. Larger shelves with greater carrying capacities tend to be more expensive than smaller sized ones, but you can pick up a good deal by looking for a high quality second-hand dumbbell rack, particularly by an old gym or exercise centre that is closing down.
Victoriajacksonshow - Vidal sassoon 1 2 inch chrome curling iron, vsir1530. Buy vidal sassoon 1 2 inch chrome curling iron, vsir1530 at the vidal sassoon 1 2 inch chrome curling iron is perfect for tight ringlet curls it has high heat for thick hair and low heat for fine hair it features a high low off switch with on indicator light, a soft touch rubber handle for added control and grip with a cool. : customer reviews: vidal sassoon vsir1530. Find helpful customer reviews and review ratings for vidal sassoon vsir1530 chrome curling iron, 1 2 inch, black at read honest and unbiased

########
Rank: 8
Score: 89.322655
Retrieved Text: curling iron gloves silicone heat resistant glove for hair curling wand straightening iron.
curling iron gloves pro hair makeup accessories heat resistant gloves hair styling curling perming curling wand flat iron 3.
curling iron gloves free glove included with curling wand products.
curling iron gloves if you handle the curling iron on regular basis and sometimes its better to protect your fingers with some heat resistant gloves like the.
curling iron gloves aqua ice ceramic curling iron glove.
curling iron gloves hair curling wand ceramic curling iron hair curler styling tools dual voltage free glove free shipping in curling irons from home.
curling iron gloves tote bag and two curling iron gloves.
curling iron gloves pretty curling iron galaxy tourmaline clip free curling iron curling.
curling iron gloves get quotations a iron male combat tactical commando half finger gloves outdoor climbing riding ll finger.
curling iron gloves heat resistant glove for hair styling anti scald heat resistance blocking gloves for flat iron curling wand and hair styling tools.
curling iron gloves professional thermal hair gloves for flat or curling iron.
curling iron gloves hot hair salon perm clip hair curling straight iron gloves fashion warm got gloves are.
curling iron gloves barber hairdressing straighteners curling tongs wands curling iron styling accessories heat resistant protective glove.
curling iron gloves hot 5 part hair curling iron machine ceramic hair curler set 5 sizes curling wand rollers with glove and box curl wands a curling wand from.
curling iron gloves hair curling iron machine ceramic hair curler set wand rollers hair styling tool with glove.
curling iron gloves brilliance new curling iron.
curling iron gloves

########
Rank: 9
Score: 88.95814
Retrieved Text: 1. Size matters. Choose the barrel size based on the curls you want. The bigger the curling iron barrel, the looser the waves. For tighter curls, choose a smaller barrel.
Well here's the deal: It's a curling iron without the clamp. So in order to use it, you must wrap the hair around the barrel with your fingers because there is nothing . The 3-Day Bender 1" Barrel Digital Curling Iron . .
A rotating barrel also makes it easy to create curls using the clamp, but you can also wrap your hair around the outside of the barrel for quick and easy styles. The ceramic tourmaline coating will keep your fine strands safe even at high temperatures, and it features like a 360 degree swivel cord and 60 minute auto shut-off function give this iron the leg up on some of its cheaper competitors.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 88.75643
Retrieved Text: Have you ever thought of buying the best curling iron for long hair to compliment your hair styling? It’s a critical buy I feel, because your long hair is the part of your immaculate beauty, and they need sensitive treatment while you style your locks. So the curling wand/iron has to be the best.
Long hair like the fairy princess Rapunzel is indeed your asset. But don’t you think that managing and styling long hair is quite a bit tough? Suppose you want to style your hair in lustrous waves and curls, do you know how to get the best of it?
Worry not! Salon-like hairstyle, especially soft wavy curls for your long hair is an easy hair-do if you know how to curl long hair with a wand or an iron. With the right curling wand in the hair styling tool-box, you can do it in the home, all by yourself. But for that you need to learn the standard features of the best curling wand for long hair…it will help you to put your fingers on the best bait as it happened to me.
Buying a curling wand or a wave iron for long hair from the best curling wand brand is not the sole solution that you will get to buy the best curling wand for long hair. What I felt, it is a customized choice, and the suitability of the curling wand should be dependent on your hair type, preferred curl, and your level of skill set.
Before we start reviewing the best curling iron for

########
Rank: 11
Score: 88.00422
Retrieved Text: The collection of five barrels in different shapes and sizes included in the set allows you to create a number of styles to suit your mood.
Designed to create voluminous curls, waves and body, the Lustrum Interchangeable Curling Wand Black is a must-have styling tool.
If you are looking for loose waves, the best curling wand will be a thicker barrel.
At the end of reading the NuMe wand reviews, you will get everything you need to know about them.
Nume Curling Wand is one of the top curling wands in the market.Remington T Studio Salon Collection Pearl Digital Ceramic Curling Wand.
See more of Nume curling wand on Facebook. Log In. or. Create New Account.We welcome NuMe success stories, product reviews, suggestions, tutorials, customer images, deal requests and questions.Remington is a well known brand in the realm of beauty products, and has been manufacturing beauty and personal care products for many years.The set comes with the 19mm, 25mm, 32mm barrels, a heat-resistant styling glove,.It is always recommended that you use the glove until you are comfortable with using the wand.Perfect for creating glam effortless curls or coveted beach waves, this 100% tourmaline ceramic wand distributes heat evenly throughout the barrel, making it gentler than traditional wands.
The bonus features include infrared technology and swivel cord.
Remington Studio Pearl Wand is a popular option on the lower end of the price range.
But try telling my friend and editor Jihan Forbes that, because she is always coming to me with irons that are exactly that: strange.You can ensure product safety by selecting from certified

########
Rank: 12
Score: 87.24918
Retrieved Text: One of our top sellers - the PYT Lola Set has everything you need to create Hollywood styles on your own!
The PYT Lola Set includes a 1.25" Ceramic Flat Iron, a 19mm Clip Free Curling Wand, and a Mini Ceramic Hair Straightener. All in the great Galaxy Design.
The Ceramic Flat Iron features floating, 100% ceramic plates for smooth, even heating. This iron has an adjustable temperature setting from 140 - 450 degrees allowing you to select the right amount of heat for any hair type (without using excess heat which causes damage).
The 19mm Clip Free Curling Wand prevents the creases, lines, and breakage caused by traditional curling irons. This wand heats up to 410 degrees in seconds and features a high grade tourmaline barrel. The curling barrel is great for spirals, curls, and waves.
The mini flat iron has all of the benefits of the larger, but in a great compact travel size!
All of the tools feature negative ions and far infrared heat to seal in moisture and create frizz free styles that last. Also, these tools are dual voltage (110-240) so they can be used worldwide (USA style plugs).
All items feature a 1 year manufacturer's warranty.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 87.14519
Retrieved Text: The easiest-to-use Curling Ironon the market: achieve Voluminous Curls in the click of a button Curls your hair 5 0% quicker than a manual curling iron Creates different hairstyles : Beachy, Voluminous, Retro, Messy waves...... Curling Iron Tips Rotating Curling Iron Curling Iron Holder Good Curling Irons Curling Iron Hairstyles Loose Waves Fine Hair Hair Type Your Hair Forwards Which is the best and easiest to use rotating curling iron?
The Patented Beachwaver® Pro is an innovative professional rotating curling iron invented by celebrity hairstylist Sarah Potempa. This curling iron rotates in both directions to give you glamorous, red carpet waves with the touch of a button!... Shop for "rotating curling iron" in our Health, Household & Baby Care Store (1,942) There's a problem loading this menu right now. Learn more about Amazon Prime.
Compare Rotating hair curling iron price and read Rotating hair curling iron reviews before you buy. Find the best deal on Getprice.com.au Use the Curl Secret Multi Curls on thick or thin hair to create tight, medium or loose curls, choosing from left, right or alternate rotation. Quickly and effortlessly achieve beautiful and long-lasting curls! $ 129.99 + Shipping Go to shop. VS Sassoon... The 2-Way Rotating Curling Iron delivers maximum straightening results while offering the ultimate styling versatility to create body, loose curls, and beachy waves. With a tourmaline ceramic smoothing plate, dual rotating barrel and ionic bristles, it straightens, curls and styles hair perfectly and effortlessly.
How To Shop For The Perfect Curling Iron. There IS a high-quality curling iron out there that

########
Rank: 14
Score: 86.87517
Retrieved Text: Do you want to create the fabulous, soft beachy waves, and looking for the best curling iron for beachy waves? Below are some practical skills we highly recommend you follow to learn how to get beach waves!
Beachy waves are all the rage. Though they may take some practice to get the hang of, they always look effortless, as if you didn’t even have to try to look beautiful. It’ll be your little secret.
There is a lot to consider when choosing how to do beach waves.
Do you want to invest a little extra money in a higher end model?
Or perhaps you want to try the newest and greatest inventions that will practically do the beach waves for you.
Even if there’s a small learning curve with how to use a new curling iron, are you willing to put in the time to learn how to create your awesome new hairstyle?
Maximum Heat : Turbo heat boost temperature.
11 How to Get Beachy Waves?
12 Four Easy Ways to Get Beachy Waves!
You don’t have to spend a lot of money on getting beautiful beach waves. You can do it from the comfort of your home with the Paul Mitchell Neuro Unclipped rod. Now we all know that curling can be tedious if you have long hair, often the wand is too short. Well with this extra-long curling rod you can easily curl past shoulder length hair .the curling wand heats up to a maximum of 450f.
The digital display is clear and shows the exact temperature. You can then adjust the heat according

########
Rank: 15
Score: 86.42274
Retrieved Text: Getting curls to stick in thick hair can be a major challenge. But according to Joseph Maine, artistic director at Color Wow, even the thickest hair can hold its style when you use one of the best curling irons for thick hair.
When he wants a curling iron that works well with thick hair, Maine reaches for an iron with multiple heat settings. "Some hair, including thick hair, needs high heat," says Maine, "so I want to be able to turn the iron up.” He recommends choosing an iron with temperatures that can reach at least 400 degrees Fahrenheit — some irons even go up to 450.
Minimizing damage is a major concern when it comes to using hot tools, especially when you'll be cranking them up to 400 degrees. Maine notes that an iron with a coated barrel "prevents the hair from sticking to the metal," which helps protect strands from snagging. He also believes that "teflon-coated and ceramic irons tend to be less damaging," compared to a chrome iron, for example.
These seven curling irons offer high heat, coated barrels, and are super easy to use. You'll be creating curls that stick in no time.
This curling iron set comes with five interchangeable barrels of various sizes. The barrels are all coated in ceramic tourmaline to protect your hair — one of Maine's chief concerns. You can heat this iron up to 410 degrees Fahrenheit, and the set includes a heat-resistant glove and travel case.
This much-loved curling wand has everything your thick hair needs: high heat, a small

########
Rank: 16
Score: 86.104675
Retrieved Text: Do you want to curl your hair but cannot find a good hair curler machine?
Curled hairstyles look absolutely great if you have the right length of hair but it is the regular salon visits to get your hair curled that can make you miss a great hairstyle.
Having a hair curler machine at home makes the whole process so easy as you can get professional hairstyles within minutes without spending a lot of time and money on salon appointments.
A curling iron that is designed to give professional results, the Beachwaver curling iron comes with a 1.25-inch barrel and curls your hair in just a few minutes. It has an ergonomic handle and gives you voluminous waves. The body of the machine comes with an LED display which shows the temperature you are curling at. The length of the ceramic tourmaline rod is 6.5 inches and the curler has a heat range of 310 degrees Fahrenheit to 450 degrees Fahrenheit. The price of the curler is high.
it heats up in 30 seconds and has a long curling handle to prevent burns.
The ceramic tourmaline rod heats evenly and does not damage the hair.
The LED display screen helps you keep a control of the temperature.
The price of the curling machine is higher than other models.
The rotate button on the iron is difficult to operate because of its location.
This hair curler machine is a great investment if you want to get beachy voluminous waves. It heats evenly and protects your hair from heat-related damages.
If you are looking for an affordable hair

########
Rank: 17
Score: 86.02159
Retrieved Text: We all know the best curling iron is the one that does not damage your hair, keeps an even temperature, leads to long-lasting curls and is ceramic/tourmaline. Today we want to present you with our top ten best curling irons on the market this year. We tested plenty and we managed to create a short list containing what we think there are the best curling irons you can get your hands on.
There are many ways your curling efforts can fail you. This is why, before we get to our top ten list, we have to summarize the best strategies to use to get the curls you want without endangering your hair.
The first thing you need to do is pick a ceramic curler. The best ceramic curling iron conducts heat more evenly than metal. Ceramic and tourmaline irons also lead to less frizzing and damage because they emit negative ions, which keep your hair from getting frizzy and charged with static energy.
Another issue you need to concern yourself with is the use of styling products to keep your hair healthy and protected and your curls in perfect shape.
Do not forget about a thermal protector to spray and comb through your damp hair before using the iron. Also, take into account a de-frizz serum if your hair tends to be frizzy. Make sure you put a few drops of a de-frizz serum in the palms of your hands and then lightly massage it through your curls once you finished the curling process.
Styling spray and volumizing mousse are also

########
Rank: 18
Score: 85.89479
Retrieved Text: Anyone who loves to make flexible waves with lots of hair volume, choose the curling styles for hairs. Lots of hairs styling tools are there for you to make gorgeous curls. Curling Iron can be a better solution to make perfect curls at home quickly.
Titanium Curling Irons are good curling irons as a hair styling tool. They have the professional touch which makes hairstyle easy, inexpensive and time rescuer while you are at home!
Titanium is an excellent metal that has outstanding steady infrared heat, temperature transmission and also it reduces heat damages. Now a day’s it’s used in the different hair styling tools as well as curling iron. It emits lots of negatives ions, transfer heat quicker and heats very quickly which are really helpful for styling hairs.
Titanium is lighter, strong and has super smooth surface which makes the curling iron best for as a hair styling tool. Hair does not get snagged because of its level surface which protects the hair from breakages or damages. It’s even far infrared heat distribution and negative ions from surface make the thick-coarse hair frizz free and make nice bouncy curls.
Titanium Curling Iron distributes even heats which makes the very thick and coarse hair frizz free.
By emitting negative ions, titanium curling iron protects the cuticles from damages and preserves the natural moisture of the hair.
Curling irons of Titanium are light in weight and tough as steel.
Titanium technology ensures no chipping or flaking during hair curling.
Titanium technology has the capabilities as like as the beauty experts or saloon type styling.
Titanium

########
Rank: 19
Score: 85.65862
Retrieved Text: But, while some people easily learn their way around a curling iron at a young age. When it comes to the Inifiti Pro by Conair Curl Secret, the tool intrigued us, but then surprised us when it.
Apr 02, 2017 · A review of the Infiniti Pro flat irons with rainbow titanium plates by CONAIR IG: d.co_ FB: Davania Cousins SC: chicago_doll Beat: Krissio- "Good As Gold". Infiniti Pro by CONAIR Flat Iron.
May 13, 2013 · Thanks for watching loves. Don’t forget to subscribe. The skinny: If you need high heat with low price this is for you. I have naturally straight hair so I can’t guarantee it will work on hard to.
Consumer testers thought the Bio Ionic One Pass flat iron did a better job of straightening long thick hair, so it may be worth the high price tag if you have hair that is harder to straighten. This.
If you just want a straight-forward flat-iron without spending a quarter of your rent, a Conair Titanium Flat Iron is always a. and Olivia Palermo swear by this nano-ceramic, tourmaline flat iron.
Oct 16, 2018 · BaBylissPRO Nano Titanium Spring Curling Iron Beachwaver Co. Pro Beachwaver Co. S1 CHI ARC 1-Inch Curling Iron Conair Infiniti Pro Nano Tourmaline Ceramic Curling Iron Drybar The 3-Day Bender Digital Curling Iron Hot Tools 24k Gold Curling Iron Hot Tools CurlBar Hot Tools HT1108 Professional Marcel Iron Infiniti Pro by Conair Tourmaline Ceramic.
Still, the endless ways that you can use a flat iron is what makes it a must-have for pros and at-home

########
Rank: 20
Score: 85.634285
Retrieved Text: Create long-lasting, luxurious waves and curls with the CHI AIR Texture Tourmaline Ceramic Curling Iron. Visit our iStudio Salons’ Facebook page to enter our Valentine’s Day giveaway!
The CHI Air Texture Tourmaline Ceramic Curling Iron uses innovative technology with even heat distribution to produce perfect hair. The curling iron reduces fizz, leaves hair smooth and adds exceptional shine.
Entering our giveaway is easy! Make sure to like our Facebook page, like the CHI AIR Texture Tourmaline Ceramic Curling Iron Facebook Giveaway post, and comment “Curls!” on the post.
Official Rules: Entrants can only enter via the iStudio Salons Facebook page. Entrants must like the iStudio Salons’ Facebook page, like the CHI AIR Texture Tourmaline Ceramic Curling Iron Facebook Giveaway post, and comment “Curls!” on the post. Giveaway contest begins on February 7, 2019, and ends on February 13, 2019. Drawing Date: Winner will be randomly selected and announced on February 14, 2019. Entry Limit: one entry per person + bonus entries for sharing the post. Prize Details: one winner will receive a CHI Texture 1.5″ Tourmaline Ceramic Curling Iron and Thermal Mat.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 85.54686
Retrieved Text: This report studies the global market size of Curling Irons in key regions like North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, Central South America and Middle East Africa, focuses on the consumption of Curling Irons in these regions.
Hi Guys, I have a Babyliss Curling Iron which I want to sell. Never been used I bought it a while ago but then got a babyliss straightner which can curl as well, so I never got the chance to use the curling iron.
Best Curling Irons: Hot Tools Deep Waver Claire Benoist Resembling a giant crimper, this ceramic tourmaline iron gets the job done fast by curling big chunks of hair all at once.
Hi Guys,I have a Babyliss Curling Iron which I want to sell.Never been used I bought it a while ago but then got a babyliss straightner which can curl as well, so I never got the chance to use the curling iron.price is negotiable.
best curling iron in south africa 10 Best Curling Irons for 2018 Curling Iron Reviews Total BeautyThere are a few factors to consider when buying a curling iron shape, size, temperature and, of course, price.
BaByliss Nano Curlinges with a 2 year guarantee. It has excellent glide and heat transfer qualities and helps ensure the protection, softness and shine of your hair.
We are excited to bring South Africa online shoppers a professional range of the very latest hair products fragrances. Free courier delivery on orders over R800.
For perfect heat styling, use professional quality straightening and curling irons from Paul Mitchell. Several widths available. Shop online.
South Africa's

########
Rank: 22
Score: 84.77486
Retrieved Text: 1 What is the best curling iron on the market?
3 What are these factors which you need to know about curling irons?
6 Why use a curling iron at all?
7 How to use a hair curler?
8 How to Use a Curling Iron without Damaging Your Hair?
12 What is the Difference between the Types of Tools?
What is the best curling iron for you?
I hope my advice will be very helpful to you!
Hm, it’a good question but we all different and sometimes it just doesn’t work. I bought two curling irons before I got the right one. First one was not convenient for use because of the handle, another one was too long.
So, the best seller on the market might be not the best curling iron for you.
Yes, of course, I know that the reviews from customers play the huge role in determining what to buy. A customer tries the product and if he likes it, he leaves a good review. I do not want to be boring, but sometimes it can be fake. It’s a pity but it is life.
The best hair curlers on the market can be used even by someone with no experience, and you can get beautiful hair and the curls you want within the brief quantity of your energy and effort at all. A number of different types have now been designed and are available to help make the process faster and simpler, such as color brushes, flat irons, cordless irons and much more.
What are these factors which you need to know about curling

########
Rank: 23
Score: 84.70313
Retrieved Text: There is huge best professional hair styling tools of wand out there and the best hair styling tools cleaning give various curls. When used for a curling iron you must continue synonym see for a dryer which will be curling the hair without harm it in any way. Hot tools curling iron is the best for styling hair use to easily and the iron machine to be easy to take on, viable enough to counteract the strain of constantly dealing over long orderly of time. Among a difference of hair curlers available on the market, inclusive tourmaline and titanium dioxide ideal, pottery curling irons are many over low on hair than others.
They always classify The best curling iron on yourself with a flat iron, pretty long best flat iron to curl hair review woman’s hairstyles with curl’s, celebrating hairstyle for girl’s beautiful looking braided hairstyle for healthy hair, pretty much youthful style for school, makeup wear blesses hairstyles men.
In this regard, best hair styling tools may come down with a personal preference for above mentioned all more, till that time curling iron observe all the technical support like this a device should be in this day and age. The heat and work high on any hair type, give the smoothest slide and giving you shiny and healthy watching curls. Stop sizzle your hair and create long-lasting bouncy locks with one of the most ceramic curling irons from our review.
This ceramic curling iron is perfect for smooth and shiny hair and it has natural watching waves there

########
Rank: 24
Score: 84.54754
Retrieved Text: Make Hairstyle Magic with a Curling Wand!
If you like full, beautiful curls and you’re finding your curling iron to be a bit of a challenge, you might consider a curling wand. The wand is a little easier to manage if you’re still developing your curling skills. And, the results you get will be just as satisfying.
So, what’s the real difference between a curling iron and a curling wand? It’s pretty simple, actually. A curling iron has a clamp, and a curling wand does not. A curling iron creates a more structured curl, while the curling wand makes more natural-looking waves. Some curling wands have a tapered barrel that produces a curl that’s loose at the top and more curly toward the end. Other curling wands have a straight barrel, just like a curling iron, allowing you to create a more uniform curl from top to bottom. Also, some curling iron clamps can leave dents, kinks and creases in your hair, especially if your curling technique still needs a little work. With a curling wand, that’s nothing to worry about.
But which one should I use, you ask? Well, remember that a clamp iron is better for creating more structured, classic curls and is also great for shorter hair. The clamp holds the hair on the barrel and helps keeps shorter hair sections in place. If your hair is fine and very straight, the gentle grip of the clamp can be useful to help control hair that tends to slip off the barrel.
If you have longer hair, prefer

########
Rank: 25
Score: 84.29091
Retrieved Text: bed head styling wand bed head curling wand 1 14.
bed head styling wand bed head rock n roller curling wand for tousled waves and texture healthy beauty bed head curling wand ulta beauty.
bed head styling wand bed head bed head curling wand walmart near.
bed head styling wand curling iron bed head curling wand reviews.
bed head styling wand bed head curlipops textured curling wand iron bed head curling wand target wow.
bed head styling wand best curling irons bed head curling wand target wow.
bed head styling wand bed head curling wand used the bed head curling wand bed head curlipops 1 curling iron bed head curling wand reviews.
bed head styling wand bed head curling wands bed head curling wand tutorial fail.
bed head styling wand bed head curling iron right now you can score this rock n roller 2 in 1 bed head curling bed head curling wand walmart pharmacy.
bed head styling wand bed head bh313 orange crush bed head curling wand tutorial short.
bed head styling wand if you want your hair to look salon quality you should hear about remingtons pink ceramic curling wand bed head curling wand target.
bed head styling wand 1 2 tools accessories hair styling tools bed head curling wand ulta beauty.
bed head styling wand 1 more bed head curling wand tutorials.
bed head styling wand bed head bh308cn1 foxy curls tourmaline ceramic styling iron 1 14 bed head curling wand ulta beauty.
bed head styling wand bed head curlipops spiral wand bed head spiral curling wand creates spiral curls 1 bed head bed head curling wand

########
Rank: 26
Score: 83.95292
Retrieved Text: I suppose everyone has read the saying ” the hair is a lady’s crowning glory”. I certainly agree with this saying. The truth is, your hair can actually express your face. In a world where clothing fashion and hairstyles are not constant, owning a curling iron is really a necessity.
Curls are deemed trendy nowadays and most women are desperate to enjoy the best genuine looking waves they can get. The answer to that problem is simple. Find the ideal curling iron.
A curling wand is a very simple device used to curl somebody’s hair. Go look at visit the following website to get a nice illustration. Such as other hair devices including hair dryers and flat irons, these kinds of wands are also getting common. There are different models of curling wands however the main ones are the spring as well as the clipless curling iron. The spring type is very straightforward to use and it’ll not consume a lot of your time. Hold the ends of the hair you then roll the barrel up and let it go; really quick, right? The only problem using this is that you will only be restricted in making very similar types of waves. However, the clipless kind does that job. All you should do is get a section of your hair, wrap it around the barrel and just slide the iron out and you will get a fantastic bouncy curl! All you really need is the best curling wand and a few guidelines and you are ready to go.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 83.847855
Retrieved Text: The Infiniti professional by Conair curl evolution curling iron with rotating clip has a 1-inch tourmaline ceramic barrel.
Tourmaline technology is helping the hair cuticle lie flat for luminous shine and soft, frizz-free, manageable hair.
Ceramic technology creates upper, frivolously distributed warmth that penetrates the hair rapid and adds smoothness in seconds! It also features 400 degrees Fahrenheit top warmth with 30-second instant warmth option; also includes skilled swivel cord and auto shutoff.
Clamp holds hair and spins around to create the very best curl.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 83.08506
Retrieved Text: We all seem to want what we don't have. Those with curls want straight hair, and those with straight hair just want pretty curls. It's not so easy, though: You spend all that time and energy only to have your hair frizz and fro up like a clown's or fall after just an hour or two. Sure, there are bazillions of tutorials available, but they can be involved and require tools and products you don't have.
Never mind all that: We're here with some truly useful, practical, real-world tips that will help you curl your hair like a professional—and keep the look.
The size of the barrel on your curling iron will make a big difference in the results. As you might expect, small-diameter curling irons (1 inch or smaller) create small curls. Obviously, small curls take longer because you must wind less hair at a time on the small barrel; winding hair over itself creates problems because the last hair to get on there is exposed to less heat and therefore curls less. Larger curling irons (1.5 inches or larger) create larger curls that are more like waves.
The length of your hair in relation to the size of the curling iron makes a big difference in the amount of curl you achieve, too. The more times you can wrap your hair around the barrel without overlapping, the more curl you will achieve.
Curling irons come in a variety of materials including ceramic, tourmaline, gold, titanium, and chrome. Ceramic and tourmaline irons are the best choice. You'll get even

########
Rank: 29
Score: 82.93957
Retrieved Text: The perfect curled hair can be hard to achieve, particularly without the right tools. There are a number of hair curling appliances on the market now – but which is the best for you? We’ve examined some of the best selling hair curlers so you can have the hair of dreams without the fuss!
Curling Irons contain one heated barrel that can be tapered or cylindrical. Hair curlers with a tapered end allow you to create a number of sized curls by other using the small end for tight curls, or the large end for loose curls. This can be achieved with a standard barrelled curler by wrapping the hair tightly (tight curls) or more loosely for loose curls. The best method to using a hair curler is to separate hair into 2-3cm sections (depending on thickness of hair) and wrapping hair around the barrel in the direction away from the face. Using a curling iron is normally more time effective than a hot roller but can be tricky to master the wrist action. Watch here for tips on hair curling for beginners.
The large 38mm barrel on the Babyliss Pro Ceramic Curling Iron is great for loose, flowing waves, with a spring lever to keep hair secure while styling – this is a great hair curler for beginners.
With a similarly large barrel, this hair curler has all the features from Babyliss you love – plus a convenient spoon lever that’s ideal for quick styling and an ultra smooth barrel with constant heat distribution and instant recovery for

================



======= Instance Index 4023 =========
Input Text: If a description of a situation begins like this: [header] How to fold a pocket square [title] Choose a pocket square or handkerchief. [step] Your pocket square or handkerchief doesn't have to be the same pattern as your tie, or even match depending on the look you are going for. For a great complement to your outfit however, it should be a complementary color or pattern.... Then how
does it continue? 

Ending 1: For example, you could dress up a pair of dark jeans and a long sleeved button-down shirt and pair the handkerchief with a classic polo, or a bright plaid or dress blouse. Simply choosing a pocket square can make or break your entire outfit.

Ending 2: Look for standard colors (most neutral colors will be block colors) and mostly solid colors (dark colors will tone down the scheme in the store). Match the pocket square or handkerchief and square up or down in this pattern.

Ending 3: [substeps] Some ties come with a pocket square, which you can wear together, or you can mix it up depending on your style preference. If you don't have a pocket square, both a handkerchief or bandana can also be used.

Ending 4: [title] Pin an square square to your lapel. [step] Both square and handkerchief squares can be easily pinned and ironed together.

Target Text: Ending 3

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 102.47682
Retrieved Text: For more than 20 years, RT Welter and Associates has assisted independent physicians and practices with the business side of medicine. With sound business operations and reimbursement systems, we believe independent physician practices are still viable!... Used in this way, they are referred to as a pocket handkerchief or pocket square. A traditional pocket square will have the hem rolled, contrary to handkerchiefs. The trend of pocket squares as a fashion accessory really started during the 1920s, and continued until the 1960s.
1-16 of over 4,000 results for "handkerchief set" Amazon's Choice for "handkerchief set" 26 Piece Assorted Mens Silk Satin Pocket Square Handkerchief Plain Hanky Set... Natasha, throwing a clean pocket handkerchief over her hair and holding an end of it in each hand, went out into the street. He looked attentively at the carts in the yard and while going up to the porch took out a clean pocket handkerchief and tied a knot in it.
Without attending to this invocation, we stood by, until he put up his pocket-handkerchief, pulled up his shirt-collar, and, to delude any person in the neighbourhood who might have been observing him, hummed a tune with his hat very much on one side.... As the third item, you want to choose the tie because that defines what color accents you set and as a fourth, choose the pocket square which complements the tie. Last but not the least, you can opt for a boutonniere or the cuff links.
Natasha, throwing a clean pocket handkerchief over her hair and holding an end

########
Rank: 1
Score: 96.39639
Retrieved Text: The pocket square is one of the easiest and most stylish ways a man can accessorise. Not only does it make you look elegant and sophisticated, a pocket square also injects a dash of personality and individual style to your outfit. It’s the perfect way to finish off your suit with a flourish, or add a splash of colour to your jacket.
Here are our five favourite ways to fold a pocket square. Use a pure silk handkerchief for the smartest effect.
This is the easiest way to fold a pocket square.
Fold your handkerchief in half twice so it forms a square, then in half again via the points so it forms a triangle.
Next fold in the two long opposite points of the triangle.
Tuck the pointed end into your jacket pocket so only the straight edge shows.
This is a variation on the square pocket square.
Simply fold your handkerchief in half twice to form a square, then half again as above so it forms a triangle.
Again, fold in the two long opposite points of the triangle.
Instead of leaving the straight edge showing from your jacket pocket, simply turn it around so only the top of the triangle is showing.
Fold your pocket square in half twice so that it forms a four and one-half inch square.
Lay it on a flat surface with one corner pointing up and one corner pointing down, like a diamond shape.
Fold the bottom corner up so it sits on the left of the top corner, to form what looks like two mountain peaks sitting side by

########
Rank: 2
Score: 94.27232
Retrieved Text: Browse our collection of cotton and silk handkerchiefs for the perfect pairing to any outfit.
Under the dictionary entry for ‘dapper’ there’s surely a silk pocket-square. Our pure silk handkerchiefs will up your suit’s game. Printed onto 100% woven silk, each one makes a stylish statement – and our diverse range carries something for everyone. If you’re seeking sartorial excitement, nothing compares with a delightfully flamboyant printed handkerchief. Experimenting with silk handkerchiefs can be the first step along the road to colour adventure. If your look is characteristically sleek and minimal then a pocket square or handkerchief is an excuse for self-expression. Try a calming burst of sky-blue or an inspiring parade of parrots (for your inner explorer). Wear it pouring out of the pocket if you like; or fold it neatly to have just a peep of silk handkerchief from the chest pocket. There are numerous ways to fold the handkerchief. For the old-fashioned gentleman, a mere hint of hank is adequate, linking your accent colours with dignity. For the modern influencer, a fountain of colour might make a statement. There is no meek way to wear the silk handkerchief. So let your inner stylist rock.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 86.51174
Retrieved Text: We aim to despatch quickly.
Ideal accessory to give your suit that retro 60`s look. We aim to despatch quickly.
Ⓒ 2018 DQT Ltd. Plain Royal Blue Satin Handkerchief / Pocket Square. Fabric: Satin Polyester (Smooth, Glossy Finish). Colour: Royal Blue. Wash Care: Dry Clean Only. Size: 29cm x 29cm.
Ⓒ 2018 DQT Ltd. Paisley Purple Handkerchief / Pocket Square. Fabric: Woven Microfibre. Colour: Purple. Wash Care: Dry Clean Only. Size: 27cm x 27cm.
Ⓒ 2018 DQT Ltd. Polka Dot Navy Blue Handkerchief / Pocket Square. Fabric: Woven Microfibre. Colour: Navy Blue. Wash Care: Dry Clean Only. Size: 27cm x 27cm.
1 - 1/4" Red/White Gingham and 1 - 1/8" Red/White Gingham Pocket Square / Handkerchief. Ideal accessory to give your suit that retro 60`s look. We aim to despatch quickly.
Hand printed pocket square handkerchief or neckerchief. Made from 70% wool 30% silk. Hand printed in England. Green background with large spot pattern print in brown and pink. Purple border. Hand rolled edges.
Two white with embroidered Shamrock Motif, 100% cotton.Handkerchiefs.
1 quality 100% cotton pink polka dot handkerchief / pocket square. We aim to despatch quickly.
1 quality 100% cotton aqua blue polka dot handkerchief / pocket square. We aim to despatch quickly.
Pocket square, depicting Terrier Dogs. Burgundy brown colour with blue border.Hand rolled. Made from 70% wool 30% silk. Printed in England.
Ideal accessory to give your suit a Scottish touch. We aim to despatch quickly.
Ideal accessory to give your suit that retro 60`s look. Colour - Pink Check. We aim to despatch quickly.
Ideal accessory to give your suit that retro 60`s look.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 86.25337
Retrieved Text: Opt for a great look and adopt Hanky 1, our vintage cotton handkerchief with a blue and green pattern made in Italy and designed in Belgium. Make it a useful accessory!
Hanky 2 is a cotton handkerchief with a unique orange geometric pattern! Designed in Belgium and made in Italy, our hanky 2 is also perfect for a pocket square ! Wear it every day to add a colour touch to your outfit !
Adopt this turquoise 100% cotton handkerchief, a fun, retro and sustainable accessory, that will bring colours to your outfit! Use it as a hankie to blow your nose, but also, as a pocket square in a suit, around your wrist or in your hair around a bun or a ponytail. Be trendy in every situation with your Caro!
Graphic and retro, this yellow cotton handkerchief made in Italy is a stylish and practical solution to your everyday needs. This colourful hanky will be sure to make you smile!
Opt for a great look and adopt Hanky 13, our vintage cotton handkerchief with a blue and red pattern. Use it as a hankie to blow your nose, but also, as a pocket square in a suit, around your wrist or in your hair around a bun or a ponytail. Be trendy in every situation with your Caro!
This 100% cotton pink hanky will be sure to make you smile! Wear it every day to add a little style to your suit or wardrobe!
Opt for a great look and adopt Hanky 6 – our vintage cotton handkerchief with a

########
Rank: 5
Score: 84.71757
Retrieved Text: Kingsquare Pocket Square White with Red & Blue Paisely Handkerchief is a high-quality, premium 100% Silk handkerchief that is the perfect choice for people that like to stay classy and stylish. As a value-added service and for the customer's convenience we include an exquisite gift box with the handkerchief that perfectly compliments the accessory. The gift box also doubles as an ideal storage box for the handkerchief - this can come in quite handy for when you need to carry around the pocket square without it getting dirty or lost.
PAISLEY DESIGN: This Pocket Square features a beautiful red & blue paisley design.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 83.84837
Retrieved Text: In the old days, people often wear perfume on the handkerchief, and to cover up the nose, to avoid inhalation of the streets of smoke and dust. With the passage of time, and all other fast moving consumer goods, the birth of the towel completely replaced the functionality of the handkerchief, its decorative in a very long time seems to be only for the woman, the old film that dignified and beautiful lady will In the chest with a fresh and elegant handkerchief.
Today, when the women have little thought and patience to play with a handkerchief, the man's pocket square is more new and unique, color and design after another, the style is to meet the needs of a variety of occasions, or the traditional gentleman or young fancy , Suit left chest pocket has become the men's decorative space, a small corner reflects the man's taste and fun. Basic materialThe traditional pocket square is usually white, made of fine flax or cotton cloth. Now the pocket square can be any color and material, no longer as in the past must be solemnly to use white cotton texture. In fact, many of the upstart after 80 like to break the conventional way of dressing, pocket square may no longer match with suit, even if a cool full of jackets can also match the color of the pocket square, which in the past two years Prada Men Show the field there are many ready-made reference template. But in the more formal occasions, you should use silk or

########
Rank: 7
Score: 83.83595
Retrieved Text: Click the button below to add the Mens Spotted Silk Handkerchief NEW to your wish list.
High quality men's spotted silk handkerchief / pocket square.
Silver, black and purple spotted design.
Add a bold statement to your top pocket to bring an outfit from ordinary to extraordinary!
Luxury 100% silk handkerchief / spotted silk pocket square with hand rolled hems.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 83.22808
Retrieved Text: Our solid silver pocket squares are a perfect color match to all of our Romario Manzini ties in the same color and provide added style and elegance.
Silver pocket squares match our collection of solid silver ties.
This is a silver colored hanky. The material is satin finished with a medium amount of sheen, which means it does have some shine, which creates variation in the exact shade/brightness that is shown at any given moment, depending on the amount, type and angle of the light hitting the tie. If the exact shade of this bow tie is a concern, please read our color matching section to help.
This silver handkerchief is a satin finished, 10 inch by 10 inch square with finished edges. Depending on your tastes, it can easily be folded into a 1, 2, 3 or 4 point handkerchief fold that would then slip into your pocket, with just the tips of the fold sticking out of your pocket.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 83.128746
Retrieved Text: Perfectly complete your look with a stylish pocket square from Ties R Us. Add a dapper edge to your formal ensemble with a sophisticated black or white pocket square, or use pink, yellow or patterned pocket squares to add a playful pop of colour to your outfit.
Here at Ties R Us we believe the little touches can make all the difference. A handkerchief or pocket square is the ideal way to add an extra special edge to your look, pulling your outfit together and adding a stylish finishing touch that will ensure you stand out from the crowd.
For a special occasion such as a wedding, christening or party, why not go all out in a suit, tie and pocket square? A pocket square adds an instant touch of elegance to your look - choose from plain pocket squares in simple, sophisticated shades, or opt for a floral pocket square or paisley pocket square to add a fashionable edge.
To inject a touch of class into a more casual look for an evening out, try folding a statement pocket square into the pocket of a blazer or jacket. A patterned pocket square, such as an eye catching polka dot pattern, is the ideal choice for showing your sense of style and eye for detail.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 82.685234
Retrieved Text: The pocket square (aka pochette) is one of those ceremonial accessories, which highlight the originality of the gentleman - each of its crease talks about degrees of self-control and self-confidence. Usually shy and insecure men avoid wearing this accessories, because they find it excessive or at least frivolous. And that's how they miss one incredible pleasure... It's a work of art to choose a pocket square, harmonizing with the rest of the attire, which is not too intrusive and can be worn with confidence.
This is the element, which brings life to the suit coat, removing the sense of administrative boredom or business case.
A pocket square can be added to both sport coat or blazer, even when you wear jeans. Even if you don't wear ties, pocket squares bring that whiff of casual elegance and nobles a sporty outfit.
A pochette's pattern should match the rest of the attire, but you will make the best decisions, if you use your intuition. A pocket square can be made of linen or silk with hand-sewn edgings. A gentleman always brings and a white linen or cotton handkerchief, which to lend to a lady in certain cases. This type of tissues is more elegant to be monochromatic and it's very chic to be embroidered with man's initials. The rule says that gentleman's tie or bowtie and the pochette should not be in the same pattern - they must have a pleasant disagreement of shades and this gives endless options to experiment with colors and patterns.
It's considered very chic to wear a

########
Rank: 11
Score: 82.50004
Retrieved Text: Below, Wietz is sharing 9 things you need to know about pocket squares before adding them to your repertoire.
1. There are many styles of pocket squares. Most commonly they are made of linen, cotton, wool, and silk — with an average size of a 12” by 12” piece of fabric. However, any fabric can be used as a pocket square as long as it is thin enough to fit in the breast pocket when folded and not bulge out of your blazer.Todd Snyder White LabelWindowpane Plaid Linen Pocket Square, $49.50, available at Nordstrom.
2. Not all pocket sqaures are square in shape. There are pocket squares that are, in fact, not square, but round. Ultimately it doesn’t matter because it’s all in how you fold and place the square in your breast pocket.Alexander Olch The Classic Pocket Round, $60, available at East Dane.
3.Solid colors are easiest for most men, because they don’t have to worry about matching a pattered square with their outfit. On the other hand, a patterned square gives a lot more life to a man’s look.1901 Gingham Cotton Pocket Square $19.50, available at Nordstrom.
4. Basic white or blue squares are ideal for beginners.Lavender, pink, and grey tend to pair nicely with almost anything as well. When you are feeling a little more adventurous, try a white or colored squared with contrasting edges.The Tie Bar Woven Silk Solid Twill Pocket Square, $11.99, available at Amazon.
5. The fabrics of pocket squares are seasonal. Silk is appropriate year-round and all times of day but linen and cotton

########
Rank: 12
Score: 82.19653
Retrieved Text: Our solid pear green pocket squares are a perfect color match to all of our Romario Manzini ties in the same color and provide added style and elegance.
Pear Green pocket squares match our collection of solid pear green ties.
This pear green hanky is lighter green with a hint of yellow. The material is satin finished with a medium amount of sheen, which means it does have some shine, which creates variation in the exact shade/brightness that is shown at any given moment, depending on the amount, type and angle of the light hitting the tie. If the exact shade of this bow tie is a concern, please read our color matching section to help.
This pear green handkerchief is a satin finished, 10 inch by 10 inch square with finished edges. Depending on your tastes, it can easily be folded into a 1, 2, 3 or 4 point handkerchief fold that would then slip into your pocket, with just the tips of the fold sticking out of your pocket.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 81.43711
Retrieved Text: Plain Magic Mint Pocket Square Handkerchief. Lovely hanky/pocket square in a stunning mint green/aqua shade to complement your wedding day attire. Hanky size: 12" x 12" (30cm x 30cm). Designer: Folkespeare 100%. Polyester Satin Handkerchief.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 78.83771
Retrieved Text: Have you also thought that the only handkerchief that can match your outfit is the cotton or silky pocket square that men wear in their breast pocket? Wrong. You can also match paper handkerchiefs with your clothes, thanks to their interesting pattern on their packs.
Fashion is not just a woman’s whim, it´s a way of communication for both men and women. Well-groomed appearance is a must. Therefore, it is no longer exceptional if men have an overview of fashion trends and their own shelf for hair and skin products in the bathroom. A fashion accessory that every gentleman had once was a pocket square in their jacket breast pocket. Not only did it make the outfit more formal, but at the same time it served its original purpose – a cloth handkerchief that a gentleman offered to a lady for wiping tears (not for sniffling).
A square pocket is still an essential accessory to both formal and informal outfits for many men today. It can be lined with dots, strips or flowered patterns. By the way, a square pocket made of the same material as a tie should be the first thing to avoid. A square pocket should complete an overall impression and match harmoniously with a tie or a shirt, jacket, boots or even socks.
But what if a gentleman isn’t carrying a classic cloth handkerchief with him? He can replace it with disposable paper handkerchiefs – of course not for the jacket :-). The Gentlemen’s Light Perfumed collection is specific with its discreet men’s scent and

########
Rank: 15
Score: 78.51638
Retrieved Text: Plain Lemon Yellow Pocket Square Handkerchief Luxury satin pocket hanky / pocket square to add a dash of colour to your wedding day attire. Hanky size: 12" x 12" (30cm x 30cm). Material: 100% Polyester Satin. Matching items available.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 77.16219
Retrieved Text: It’s the best time in recent memory to be a dandy. Mens duds are all in the details, and a handful of oldies but goodies have finally made a comeback. Our personal favorite is the pocket square.
Though it has humble origins (it’s just a handkerchief, right?), the pocket square alone can take you from ‘put together’ or ‘well dressed’ to impeccable. And isn’t that exactly what you want?
Start by looking at the jackets in your collection, and get yourself a corresponding variety of squares. Vary the patterns and fabrics. Get a brightly colored, polka-dotted silk, cotton gingham in brown or navy or something a bit more vibrant, like lime green, and the staple, a starched white linen. That’s just for starters.
Next, figure out the folds and pairings. Dark suit, white shirt and bright tie? Fold the white linen at right angles (the Presidential fold) and slip it into your pocket with just a fine, clean line showing.
For a lightweight summer suit, try that bright cotton gingham tucked haphazardly into your pocket in a Puff or Cooper fold. And with a conservative pair of khakis and navy blazer, throw in that flashy silk in a Reverse Puff (the points will poke casually out the top) for a little attitude.
The key is not to try anything too fancy. None of this Three- or Four-Point fold stuff. That’s not what you’re about. This only works when it looks like you didn’t. Perfection always seems easy.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 77.09445
Retrieved Text: Tresanti Lemons Silk Pocket Square Handkerchief. A luxury plain blue hanky with yellow whole & half lemons. A fruity hanky, Perfect to dress up a pocket for any occasion. Hanky size: 25cm x 25cm - 10" x 10". Handkerchief Material:100% Silk.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 77.035255
Retrieved Text: Tresanti Thumbs up Silk Pocket Square Handkerchief. A luxury red & navy blue hanky with hands with thumbs up. Show A like for any event. Perfect to dress up a pocket for any occasion. Hanky size: 25cm x 25cm - 10" x 10". Handkerchief Material:100% Silk.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 76.19581
Retrieved Text: Like it or not, details matter. So this season freshen up your formalwear and dress to impress with this handsome and versatile men's pocket square. Handcrafted wi... read more Like it or not, details matter. So this season freshen up your formalwear and dress to impress with this handsome and versatile men's pocket square. Handcrafted with choice silks and rendered in a stunning maroon weave, this classy handkerchief is the smart choice for the well-dressed man.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 76.09519
Retrieved Text: Click the button below to add the Pink Silk Pocket Square Shooting NEW to your wish list.
Superb quality men's pink shooting themed silk pocket square / handkerchief.
Woven shotgun and cartridge shooting design.
Dapper accessory and great gift idea for any country gentleman!

########
Rank: 21
Score: 75.9663
Retrieved Text: Black & Fuchsia Pink Polka Dot Pocket Square Handkerchief. A fashionable men's spotty handkerchief. Looks stunning teamed up with a coordinating bow tie, cravat or tie. Hanky size: 11" x 11" (30cm x 30cm). Material: 100%. Polyester.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 75.525475
Retrieved Text: Plain Lime Green Men's Satin Tie & Pocket Square Handkerchief Set. A stunning satin smooth bright green tie with a matching hanky,perfect for any occasion. A high quality tie ideal for weddings and staff uniforms. Tie Width at Widest Point: 8cm. Length from Tip to Tip: 147cm. Pocket Handkerchief Size: 30cm x 30cm. Tie Fabric: 100% Polyester.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 75.51052
Retrieved Text: Introducing our most popular men's pocket square ever, the Electric Yellow Stripe Jacket Square by Fox and Luther. This beautiful cotton handkerchief for men quite simply looks and feels the part, casually poking out of your most favourite jackets. Striped with yellow and blue, a wonderful pattern emerges, setting your style comprehensively for any occasion. Fox and Luther pride themselves on the finest pocket squares and this pure masterpiece really raises the bar. Stylish and versatile, allowing for a great variety of folds and features, add this absolute must have today to your growing pocket square collection.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 75.15446
Retrieved Text: Plain Ivory silk handkerchief. Super Quality satin smooth hanky/pocket square to add a dash of colour to your wedding day attire. Hanky size: 12" x 12"- 30cm x 30cm. 100% Silk Handkerchief.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 75.019775
Retrieved Text: Want it by Monday 22nd April? Order within 2 hours, 20 minutes and choose UK Next Day Delivery at checkout.
This mans handkerchief / pocket square is perfect for weddings, christenings, birthdays or any other special occasion.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 74.76408
Retrieved Text: Purple & SilverWhite Polka Dot Pocket Square Handkerchief. An ultra fashionable men's handkerchief in a polka dot spot pattern. Looks stunning teamed up with a coordinating bow tie, cravat or tie. Hanky size: 10" x 10" (26cm x 26cm). Material: 100%. Polyester. Designer: Lloyd Attree & Smith.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 74.71059
Retrieved Text: OTAA's brushed handkerchief has a contemporaneous bold look which makes it a no-brainer as far as we're concerned. The navy blue check only adds to this piece's versatility. Wear yours tucked out of a trim shirt on casual days at the office, or try wearing it during the weekend over a black shirt for a more laid-back feel.
Designed by OTAA in Australia, the Navy Blue Gingham Pocket Square has patterns of midnight blue and white, striped throughout the design. The gingham Pocket Square displays thick and thin faded navy lines making for a distinctive pattern suited for any gentleman.
Navy Blue Gingham Pocket Square has a rating of 4.5 stars based on 2 reviews.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 74.07799
Retrieved Text: When designing animal print Pocket Squares, we do a quick trip to the Amazon rainforest. It tends to help with our design process. Upon going, we discover that American Brown Bears don’t even exist in the Amazon rainforest and instead, we get a plane ticket home and hit the books.
Our hand-sewn method allows the American Brown Bear Handkerchief to exhibit extraordinary detail as there is little machinery used in the crafting of this Pocket Square. Touches such as these make all the difference. Bears have an excellent sense of smell, better than dogs or possibly any other mammal. The American Brown Bear Pocket Square exudes sophistication and is hand cut and sewn on a classic navy backing. Designed exclusively by The Brothers at OTAA.
American Brown Bear Pocket Square has a rating of 5.0 stars based on 1 reviews.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 73.94466
Retrieved Text: OTAA’s Belle Danser Floral Bow Tie will imbue your tailored looks with timeless elegance. Beautifully detailed with a floral pattern, the Delle Danser Floral Pre-tied Bowtie adds an artistic accent to sophisticated formal looks. The medley of yellow, pink, green, orange and blue hues sit atop a white canvas in an intricate floral design. The outlandish style of this Pre-tied bowtie is met with a high-quality presence through its handcrafted plush cotton features. Wear the Belle Danser Floral Bow Tie to bring an aspect of flamboyance to your evening wardrobe.
Bring a noble statement to your formal styles with the Gold Striped Pocket Square by OTAA. Elegantly decorated with white diagonal stripes, this handkerchief is finished with a rich gold hue to give an extravagant appeal. The fine satin cloth and incredulous hand-stitched tailoring means this Gold Striped Pocket Square brings a high-quality perspective to all your suit arrangements. Subtly textured, this handkerchief features vertical striped embellishments for an artisanal feature. Wear the Gold Striped Handkerchief to make an elegant statement at formal occasions; alternately wear it to the boardroom for an accomplished look.

================



======= Instance Index 6727 =========
Input Text: If a description of a situation begins like this: [header] How to identify simmental cattle [title] Note simmental cattle's weight and size. [step] Simmental cattle are quite large, and notably rugged in physical composition. They have a heavy bone structure, with visibly strong feet and legs.... Then how
does it continue? 

Ending 1: [title] Look for simmental cattle's antlers and mane. [step] Simmental cattle are known for their shiny, pearly fur and headbands.

Ending 2: [substeps] Mature simmental cows will weigh from 1 , 100 to 1 , 500 pounds or more. Mature simmental bulls, which will show more muscle mass over their shoulders and hindquarters, usually weigh somewhere between 2 , 200 and 2 , 800 pounds.

Ending 3: Simmental cattle can stand around 7-8 pounds, and their bodies have such large hooves and powerful hind legs. Simmental cattle, however, have muscle that is often difficult to sustain.

Ending 4: Simmental cattle are more calcified than docile dogs. They can shed their fat without pain, and can learn to walk on grass, brush, dirt, and other hard surfaces.

Target Text: Ending 2

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 102.36212
Retrieved Text: French Simmental (also known as Eastern red pied or pie rouge de l’est)are French cattle that originated from the Simmental cattle breed from Switzerland. They are raised for both milk and meat production. Simmental cattle were imported from Switzerland to France at the beginning of the 20th century. The stud book for the breed was opened in 1930. The French authorities tried to cross this breed with Montbeliard during the 1970s, but Montbeliard’s breeders refused. The breed was also crossed with Fleckvieh and Swiss Simmental cattle, and named French Simmental at that time. The French Simmental cattle breed was first bred in Franche-Comte, but now they are found in the Auvergne. Currently there are about 35,000 French Simmental cattle available.
French Simmental are medium to large cattle. They are usually red pied colored with a white head and legs and the red is a clear tan. They can be either horned or polled, depending on the genetic breeding history. Generally they have pigment around thier eyes, which is good for preventing problems in heavily sunny regions. Udders of the cows are well developed and also remain in good health conditions with few common problems. Mature cows are about 140 cm tall at the withers. And average body height of the mature bulls is around 150 cm. The mature cows on average weight around 700 kg. And average live body weight of the mature bulls is around 1100 kg.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 94.424805
Retrieved Text: Nalpa Simmental Stud specialises in breeding commercial cattle. This stud basically breeds cattle of the Simmental breed. The Simmental cattle breed possesses qualities such as a well muscled body, quiet temperament and nature, easy calving ability, adaptability to diverse conditions and good milking ability. These cattle are high yielding animals that require minimal maintenance. Simmental breed of cattle also possess early to medium maturing features.
Nalpa Simmental Stud commenced its operations by about 1972 and located in South Australia. The early herd of Nalpa Simmental Stud includes graded Simmentals. This stud also houses Poll Shorthorn commercial herd consisting of about 300 cows. Nalpa Simmental Stud emphasises basically on production of beef cattle as well as cross breeding techniques. This stud cross breeds Simmental bull with Poll Shorthorn cows that provide cost effective as well as hardy cattle.
Nalpa Simmental Stud employs sophisticated management practices for efficient breeding of cattle. These include supply of low level grain and roughage supplement to the bulls, professional handling techniques employed as well as ensure to provide minimum supplementary feeding to the cattle. Nalpa Simmental Stud also focuses on maternal traits and structural soundness of the cattle. These efficient management practices produce easy doing and fertile cattle.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 85.72549
Retrieved Text: Chris and Leslie began Polzin Cattle in 2008. Chris grew up raising Simmental cattle with his family. After graduating from college Chris started raising Charolais cattle. Leslie, as a child grew up in Southern California and moved to Minnesota. She has enjoyed every minute of the "farm life." We have two daughters, Brooke and Desirae, and a son Colton who have enjoyed being around the cattle.
Along with raising Charolais we also have Hereford, Red Angus, and Simmental donors. Polzin Cattle prides itself on making high quality females and industry leading bulls.
We welcome the opportunity to provide your program with progressive genetics.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 84.55132
Retrieved Text: Next Step Cattle Company is owned by 14 progressive Sim-Angus and Simmental breeders throughout the state of Alabama with over 150 years of experience breeding superior seed stock for beef producers. The goal of Next Step Cattle Company is to produce bulls that sire calves which calve easy, wean heavy, demand top market prices, and make top replacement females. The calves produced by our bulls are bred to be profitable in the feedyard, and to produce a top quality carcass which will provide the consumer an enjoyable eating experience.
The bulls produced and offered by Next Step Cattle Company represent the top production from a 600+ cow herd . These bulls and their dams result from generations of selection pressure for fertility, calving ease, udder quality, disposition, structural soundness, performance, and carcass merit. A complete data base is utilized to include birth weights, weaning weights, yearling weights, ultrasound carcass measurements, frame scores, calving ease, and soundness.
EPD’s are provided by the American Angus Association and the American Simmental Association. These are used to develop the finest genetic lines in the business to simplify our customers selection process .
We blend science and technology with Cowboy Common Sense at NSCC!
If you desire the best in Angus, Sim-Angus, and Simmental genetics you will find them in quantity at Next Step Cattle Company. Compare our cattle to any in America for EPD profile, performance, pedigree, phenotype , and overall genetic merit and you will agree these cattle will roll to the top of your selection process!
Our genetic goals are to produce bulls

########
Rank: 4
Score: 84.06163
Retrieved Text: Grand Champion Jr. Limousin female, shown by Memphis Peterson.
Grand Champion Limousin bull, shown by Biedenfeld Big B cattle, Peterson, Iowa.
Grand Champion Shorthorn Plus female, shown by Ashlynne Beninga, Sioux Falls, South Dakota.
Grand Champion Gelbvieh bull, shown by Beastrom Ranch/ Forbes Livestock, Pierre, South Dakota.
Grand Champion Simmental Low Percentage bull shown by Austin Dockter, Milbank, South Dakota.
Grand Champion Charolais female, shown by CK Cattle Co, Highmore, South Dakota.
Grand Champion Simmental Low Percentage shown by Dikoff's 3 D cattle, Faulkton, South Dakota.
Grand Champion Balancer bull, shown by Murphy Farms, Arlington, South Dakota.
Grand Champion Gelbvieh female, shown by Volek Ranch, Highmore, South Dakota.
Grand Champion Maine Anjou female, Caffee Ranch, Wessington Springs, South Dakota.
Grand Champion Red Angus bull, shown by Namken Red Angus, Lake Norden, South Dakota.
Grand Champion Balancer female, shown by Volek Ranch/Beastrom Ranch, Highmore, South Dakota.
Grand Champion Simmental bull, shown by Austin Dockter, MIlbank, South Dakota.
Grand Champion Chi bull, shown by Justin Holt.
Grand Champion MaineTainer female, shown by Albrecht Livestock, Howard, South Dakota.
Grand Champion Chi female, shown by Becking Farms, Florence, South Dakota.
Grand Champion Shortwon Female, shown by Allyson Beninga, Sioux Falls, South Dakota.
Grang Champion Angus female, shown by Kroupa Genetics, White Lake, South Dakota.
Grand Champion Simmental female shown by CK Cattle Co., Highmore, South Dakota.
Grand Champion Charolais Bull, shown by CK Cattle Co, Highmore, South Dakota.
Grand Champion Maine Anjou bull shown by DeJong Ranch, Kennebec, South Dakota.
Grand Champion Hereford female, shown by CK Cattle Co., Highmore, South Dakota.
Grand Champion Hereford bull, shown by Hanson's Polled Herefords, Conde, South Dakota.
Grand Champion Shorthorn bull, shown by Castle Hill Show

########
Rank: 5
Score: 79.74442
Retrieved Text: After learning about animals through text and in class, we were finally able to go see the actual animals! Fortunately, on Friday morning rain wasn’t falling. First, we went straight to the horses. A friendly brown mare named Brownie greeted us when we first arrived, and we learned about how horses foaled. We continued our animal adventure, and were greeted by an unpleasant odor as we opened the van doors; the next animals on the agenda were pigs. We split up into two groups as we visited the pens of the sows, barrows, and the nurseries where piglets were kept. The first group was very lucky to see the birth of some piglets! We learned that baby pigs are born with very little fat, so they have to be kept warm by a heat lamp.
Next, we drove to go see some cattle. We saw different breeds of cattle including Angus, Charolais, and Simmental. They often breed Simmental and Angus cows to give Simmental cows the black hide that consumers prefer over white or smoky brown. Our last trip was to the sheep center, and the demonstration of herding sheep was very interesting as sheep are very timid animals and are easily frightened. The animal adventures were entertaining as well as informative, and we learned so much more than sitting in a classroom and learning about animals on Powerpoint slides!

########
Rank: 6
Score: 79.71092
Retrieved Text: Smith Genetics, Giddings, Texas will once again hold their annual cow camp, May 18-19 at the ranch. The two-day camp will be a Sullivan’s Stock Show U event for the fitting, grooming and showmanship portions. The camp will also cover material and be interactive for the educational contests featured at the Texas Junior Simmental/Simbrah Association Futurity, American Junior Simbrah Roundup and American Junior Simmental Association’s Regional Classics. To learn more and sign up, visit smithgenetics.com.
Junior Simbrah breeder, Robert Stavinoha, recently won the Houston Livestock Show and Rodeo Commercial Steer Contest. The contest is a multi-faceted event that focuses on the feeding of the steers, their quality and grade, as well as the contestant’s score on a written test, meats identification quiz, two interviews and record book. He won a $1,000 scholarship, buckle, banner and a 2019 Ford pick-up. Congratulations Robert.
Robert Stavinoha (center) and his parents, Tina and Leroy are pictured after Robert’s big win.
Steer feedout planned at August Simbrah Summit in San Antonio in conjunction with the ASA Simbrah Committee has 78 steers on feed at Graham Land & Cattle and are about to finish up the test. A similar group of heifers fed out from North Texas all graded Choice or Prime with no yield grade 4's or 5's. After these tests are done, including the upcoming one in West Texas, ASA will have received genomic and carcass data on 275 head, which is the largest influx of genomic and carcass data for Simbrah ASA has received.
Possible talks of holding 2019 Simbrah Summit at Graham

########
Rank: 7
Score: 78.498375
Retrieved Text: We are members of the Premium Cattle Health Scheme and aim to continually improve the E.B.V.s (Estimated Breeding Values) of our herd. Young Simmentals Bulls usually for sale together with a selection of females. Check out our Stock For Sale Pages.
Following the sale of the Trewardreva dairy herd we purchased 4 Abbey Chase Simmental cows, bred by the Gregorys at St Columb, from Andrew Pellowe (Chicken George) at Porthtowan. At the offical Bristol society sale the following month we added our stock bull Winford Storm by Blackford Harvester and three more females Atlow Petruska with a calf at foot (Atlow Petruka Star), Beanhill Penny and Grangewood Paris. These 7 females produced 17 heifer calves in three years!!
In 2007 we returned to Bristol and purchased Sabre Satin and Dinton Henrietta 5th and in 2009 returned with Brigstock Venus and Sterling Noontime's Wanda. We were also fortunate in securing Hockenhull Natalie 48th at the 2009 historic dispersal sale. In 2010 we added Bolankin Anita puchased at Truro market.
Atlow Petruska was awarded Elite Cow status in 2009 and has produced 9 calves to date (2013) with an average calving interval of 370 days.
In 2011 we travelled to Scotland and secured Skerrington Armada to replace our original stock bull. With 99 registered calves and now trait leader for 400 day weights his progeny is represented in commercial and pedigree herds across the British Isles. Our last acquistion was purchased in Northern Ireland. We were delighted that we were fortunate to secure the stylish heifer Ballinalare Courtney, d.o.b. 08.07.2011 at the

########
Rank: 8
Score: 78.434784
Retrieved Text: Harrison & Hetherington Ltd had forward 693 head at their Weekly Wednesday Sale of cattle at Borderway, consisting of 537 catalogued store cattle, un-entered store bulls and stirks and 191 calves.
A quieter day in Borderway, however with grass beginning to green up trade improved for smaller, longer keep cattle, forward cattle continue to sell well.
STORE CATTLE – At the weekly sale of 346 store cattle all classes of cattle seemed to be sharper on the week with vendors highly satisfied with their returns. Topping the sale at £1400 was an outstanding Limousin x heifer from Messrs Barnes, Hutton Roof, Penrith who’s run of cattle averaged £1378 a head, also part of this consignment was the leading priced bullock which sold for £1365. Messrs Watson, Howrigg, Wigton sold a fantastic pen of black and white bullocks at £1120 a head.
Steers: Limousin £1365 Hutton Roof, £1190 (x2) Ratlinggate Farm, £1185 Tarn Lodge Farm, £1180 (x2) Lairdlaugh, £1140 Brackenhill Rigg, £1135 Briggle Farm, £1130 £1105 High Moat, £1110 Barton Dale, Aberdeen Angus £1255 £1025 Tarn Lodge Farm, £1095 £1025 Briggle Farm, £1095 Brackenhill Rigg, £1085 Mill Farm, £1065 (x2) Stoneraise Place, Charolais £1195, £1150, £1100 Old Silloth Farm, British Blue £1185 Fishergill, £1155 £1105 Sandbed Farm, £1125 Brackenhill Rigg, £1110 High Moat, £1105 (x2) Castle Mains Farm, £1105 Crown Point Farm, £1100 Barton Dale, Simmental £1150 Brisco Hall, Holstein Friesian £1120 (x3) Howrigg Farm, Shorthorn £935, £930, £905 Brisco Hall.
Heifers: Limousin £1400, £1370 Hutton Roof, £1240 Carleton Hill Farm, £1205 £1185 (x2) £1120 (x2) Ratlinggate Farm, £1198 Kirkhouse Farm

########
Rank: 9
Score: 77.84887
Retrieved Text: MARC scientists believe DNA tests will allow cattle breeders to increase the speed and accuracy of traditional assessment methods. Photo: Angus cattle on pasture. Click the image for more information about it.
Geneticists with the Agricultural Research Service (ARS) in Clay Center, Neb., are improving traditional cattle breeding methods with marker-assisted selection, a process that incorporates DNA tests into traditional genetic evaluation systems.
Traditionally, breeders have used visual appraisal to estimate cows genetic merit. By carefully recording the characteristics of herd members and their descendents, animal breeders can calculate an animals Expected Progeny Difference, or EPD. This is a figure estimating the average performance of specific traits for an individuals offspring.
More recently, geneticists have developed DNA tests associated with important traits in cattle. These tests might someday be incorporated into the established selection process.
According to ARS geneticist R. Mark Thallman, incorporating DNA tests in breeders calculations could improve the accuracy of their EPDs and place the appropriate degree of emphasis on the DNA tests.
The twinning experiment is simply one example of marker-assisted selections potential. In similar work, researchers from Cornell University, ARS and Iowa State University incorporated DNA test results into a genetic evaluation of Simmental cattle for tenderness, allowing Simmental breeders to use marker-assisted selection for tenderness.
In the future the technique could be used to improve other desirable traits, such as efficiency, fertility and growth rate.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 77.63518
Retrieved Text: This paper presents the results of a study on the effects of crossing domestic Simmental with French fattening breeds, Charolais and Limousin, on carcass and meat quality. The quality of carcasses from domestic Simmental cattle and its crosses (N = 30) was analysed by total dissection for the proportion of retail cuts in the carcass and carcass tissues. Traits of meat sensory and technological quality were investigated using standard methods on a total of 96 carcasses. The results showed that crossing did not have a significant effect on the proportion of retail cuts except the proportion of tenderloin steak, which was significantly higher (P (lt) 0.01) in crosses with Charolais (1.87%) and Limousin (1.85%) compared to the domestic Simmental breed (1.38%). However, highly significant differences (P (lt) 0.01) were established for the level of tissue content in the whole carcass. The highest proportion of muscle tissue (81.5%) was determined in carcasses obtained from Limousin crosses, ...whereas the highest content of bone (16.45%) and fat tissue (5.26%) was recorded in carcasses of domestic Simmentals. Crossing had positive effects on the sensory quality of meat except for marbling, which scored very low in the crosses. In general, comparison of the parameters of sensory and technological quality of meat from the studied genotypes showed that the most desirable quality properties of the meat were obtained from crosses of domestic Simmental and Limousin breeds.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 76.76553
Retrieved Text: Harrison & Hetherington had forward 1139 head of cattle at their weekly Wednesday sale comprising of 747 Catalogued Store Cattle, un-entered Store Bulls and Stirks, 331 Calves together with 61 Dairy Cattle which included 51 in the Border and Lakeland Club sale.
STORE CATTLE – A good catalogued entry of 586 was entered for the weekly store sale with trade slightly dearer on the week. Topping the sale at £1325 was a Simmental bullock consigned by JH & RM Lloyd, Fishergill, Aikton, Wigton. In the heifer section Mr R Ashley, Chapel Hill, Crackenthorpe, Appleby topped at £1185 for a Limousin heifer. Many more could have been sold to satisfy demand.
Steers: Simmental £1325 Fishergill, £1185 Hill Head Farm, Limousin £1275 £1225 Bolton Wood lane, £1260 Swallowdene, £1205 Beckhall Farm, £1200 £1190 £1175 £1150 (x2) Lowergate Farm, £1190 (x2) £1165 Lairdlaugh, £1190 Kirkhouse Farm, £1185 £1155 (x2) Arkleby House Farm, £1185 (x2) £1160 Meadowcroft, £1185 Ash View, £1180 £1165 Rye Close, £1175 Longrow Farm, Charolais £1225 Old Silloth Farm, £1110 Byers Green, £1085 Clappers Farm, £1065 Laversdale Farm, British Blue £1215 Holmecroft Farm, £1145 Beckhall Farm, £1095 Stainton House Farm, £1080 £1040 £1000 Ingledene, £1035 The Howes, Aberdeen Angus £1200 Rye Close £1115 (x4) Yew Tree Farm, £1065 (x3) £1025 (x2) Stainton House Farm, £1015 Bankend, £1005 Town Foot Farm, £1000 Wood Head, Friesian £1035 £875 North Doddington, £870 Rye Close, £800 Laversdale Farm, Beef Shorthorn £940 Rye Close, £840 (x2) Croft Ends, Fleckvieh £875 Wardpark.
Heifers: Limousin £1185 Chapel Hill, £1165 (x2) Lairdlaugh £1145, £1135 £1115 Stubbsgill Farm, £1130

########
Rank: 12
Score: 75.026184
Retrieved Text: The Simmental cattle are versatile animals. There are many breed-type variation and each type is used for specific purpose. But in most cases they are used for both milk and meat production.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 73.84514
Retrieved Text: I was concerned that the Midland Club had had a very quiet year and that my report would be very short and sweet but when I look back and reflect on the year it’s actually been quite a busy one.
January the Midland Breeders Club quiz teams travelled away to visit Moreton Hall where the Centre West Club hosted a quiz night. Giles’ Midland Club 1 team (Mandy, Richard, Chris & Kath) triumphed over the remaining sub standard twenty other teams!
Nice to see the Simmentals winning the first inter breed competition of the year, and not a blue tongue in sight! In March it was our turn to host a quiz night at the Greyhound in Yarlet. Thanks must go to our ‘quiz master’ Chris and ‘scores on the doors’ Kath Martindale who kept order. They also managed to ask all the right questions for the Centre West Team, led by David Bell and his fellow egg heads, retained their Champions trophy for the third year in a row!
May saw the youngsters gather at Wroxall for a Stock judging practice to steer them in the right direction for the main event at the Royal Show. Master judge David Bell tutored the youngsters with his fountain of knowledge.
June another busy month for the various club members involved with entertaining the international visitors attending the 17th World Simmental Congress. This was a great chance for the breeders to make friends and business contacts on the World Simmental Stage. It was a shame more members did not take advantage of

########
Rank: 14
Score: 73.810555
Retrieved Text: Christensen familes and NLC ranch again combined forces to hold their annual sale at the ranch near Wessington. The weather was beautiful, giving cattlemen and women the chance to look over these Simmental and predominatly Sim Angus bulls closely. John Christensen was one of the first people to use Simmentals and has built an outsanding cowherd with help from his with daughter and son in law Rick and Melanie.
These cattle are medium in frame. They are not overfed but have muscle, length, good feet and are large testicled. The large active crowd proved that the bulls are in demand.
Lot 3, $14,000 – to Scott Bradac, North Dakota. This half-blood SimAngus is sired by WC United, out of a Titan Female. The bull posted these EPDs – BW 89, WW 823, YW 1,385. This guy was the number one weaning weight, number five yearling weight bull of the calf crop.
Lot 8, $13,500 to Dan Leo, Nebraska. Another United son, out of a Right on daughter, this half blood bull started out at 89 pounds, weaned off at 675 pounds and posted a 1,384 pound yearling weight. He was homozygous black.
Lot 1, $13,000 to Kaelberer Ranch, N.D., and SHS Simmentals, N.D. This Leachman Right Time son was an ET out of Upgrade's mother he had EPDs of BW .8 birth, WW 63.8 weaning, YW 101.
Lot 102, $12,000 to Chris Heim, South Dakota. Out of Canadian herdsire Tess Black 144Y and a T N T Tanker daughter, this homozygous polled purebred Simmental weaned off at 650 pounds and had

########
Rank: 15
Score: 73.42555
Retrieved Text: Harrison & Hetherington had forward over 1100 head of cattle at their weekly Wednesday sale comprising of 862 Catalogued Store Cattle, Suckled Calves and un-entered Store Bulls and Stirks, 201 Calves together with 123 Dairy Cattle forward in the Borderway Month Day Sale.
Borderway was buzzing with activity as 4 rings were in operation catering for over 200 vendors and 180 active buyers, once again cementing Carlisle as the place to market all classes of rearing, store, finishing and dairy cattle in the North of England.
Please keep numbers coming forward to satisfy the high demand in this centre.
Steers: Simmental £1270, £1200 Merryshield, £1075 Riggshields, £1000 Wardpark, £1000 (x2) The Howes, Charolais £1255, £1175 £1155 (x2) Stenries, £1175 How Cottage, £1145 (x2) Whiteside Farm, £1145 Hawkrigg Farm, £1135 Clappers Farm, £1125 (x2), £1090 (x2) Spout Bank, £1085 Whiteside Farm, Limousin £1245 Whiteside Farm, £1235 £1200 (x2) Beckhall Farm, £1225 £1215 Thackwood, £1215 Kilnknowe, £1205 (x2) £1190 (x2) £1155 Lairdlaugh, £1200 Rye Close, £1200 Midtown Farm, £1175 £1165 Stenries, £1165 North Doddington, £1155 Gallowberry, £1145 Hargill House, British Blue £1205 (x2) £1115 (x3) £1075 (x3) Flothers, £1185 (x2) £1155 Lawrence Holme, £1150 £1055 Town Foot Farm, £1140 £1055 Sandbed Farm, £1105 (x2) North Doddington, £1100 (x3) The Howes, £1095 £1065 Woodhouse, £1075 Riggshields, £1050 Kilnknowe, Aberdeen Angus £1175 How Cottage, £1035 Swordwellrigg, £1005 Raughton Head, Fleckvieh £1075 Stenries, £1070 Wardpark, Beef Shorthorn £1075 Rye Close, Montbelairde £1020 North Doddington Hereford £1005, £1000 Rye Close, Friesian £905 (x2) Rye Close, £875 (x4) North Doddington, £845 (x2) Wellington Farm £800 (x2)

########
Rank: 16
Score: 73.3336
Retrieved Text: Bob Lanting was born and raised on a family farm on Hollister, ID, located in South Central Idaho, only 20 miles north of Nevada. The family farm started in the 1940’s and has since tripled in size with the help of two brothers. This high-desert region gets approximately 9 inches of annual rainfall, and is dependent on reservoir and deep wells for irrigation.
Lanting attended the University of Idaho and graduated with a B.S. degree in Animal Science. Bob is well-known on local, regional and national levels, having served many boards including school boards, state and local cattle organizations, Farm Service Agency, and the Cattlemen’s Beef Board. Lanting was elected for two, three-year terms as a Trustee with the American Simmental Association and is currently serving as Chairman of the Board.
Lanting Enterprises LLC has been a member of the ASA since 1974. The operation consists of 330 Simmental and SimAngusTM cows, and they market approximately 90 bulls annually through private treaty. The Lanting herd has been developed to fit their desert environment with emphasis on calving ease, performance, carcass, and mature cow size.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 73.323364
Retrieved Text: Ground beef from grass-fed and grain-fed cattle: Does it matter?
Does cold weather contribute to pneumonia in calves?
A featured image from our gallery.
Now is time for some "defensive driving"
Where are we going with genomics and genetic improvement?
Can you compare EPDs across breeds?
American Simmental Association launches large-scale carcass data effort.
Southernlivestock.com is your source for the latest news and information pertaining to beef, cattle and beef cattle production. Thousand s of articles are archived on topics such as animal health, artificial insemination, pastures, forage and rangeland, livestock feed & nutrition, livestock and cattle reproduction, beef cattle genetics, cattle production feature stories and the latest on cattle breed news.
It includes features like customizing your local weather forecast, the latest market updates, as well as the latest from the AP news wire. And don’t forget our ever popular pages like the Cattle Sale Calendar page, the Cattle Sale Reports page and the Cattle Market Reports page.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 73.287605
Retrieved Text: 2019 CSA - Coming Soon!
Catskill Cattle is a farm located in Deposit, NY, selling natural beef, pork, and fresh produce (fruits & vegetables). Catskill Cattle also specializes in affordable, high quality registered & commercial cattle - Simmental, Angus, Sim-Angus, Sim-Hereford.
We focus on the best management practices, livestock nutrition, and overall health of the environment and the animals that we manage. All of the cattle at Catskill are kept naturally healthy in a hormone and antibiotic free environment. With healthy animals and good grazing practices, Catskill Cattle Company produces some of the best beef and seed stock in the Northeast.
Click through the website to see more about us, our cattle, and our produce.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 72.98334
Retrieved Text: Harrison & Hetherington Ltd had forward 757 head at their Weekly Wednesday Sale of Cattle comprising of 580 catalogued Store Cattle, un-entered Store bulls and Stirks and 177 Calves.
A smaller entry in all departments saw a sharper trade all round, many more could have been sold to advantage, contact any of the team at Borderway to enter stock for next week.
Heifers: Limousin £1340 (x2), £1300 £1290 Niven Hill, £1300 £1230 Lawrence Holme, £1250 Flimby Hall Farm, £1250 £1190, £1170 Newby Farm, £1230 Newfield Farm, £1135 Croft House, £1100 Hawkrigg Farm, Charolais £1300 New House Farm, £970 (x2) Clappers, £940 Sideway Bank, British Blue £1140 £1000 Fishergill, £1135 New House Farm, £1070 Lawrence Holme, Saler £1105 (x2) Colstons, Simmental £890 Briggle, £885 Underhelm, Montbelairde £810 Moor Park Farm, Blonde £800 £775 Brackenthwaite Farm.
Steers: British Blue £1300 Fishergill, £1205 (x2) New House Farm, £1180 Wham Head Farm, £1125 Grange Grassing, £1125 Whinney Hill Farm, £1120 (x4) Briggle Farm, £1100 Woodfoot, £1080 (x2) £1055 (x2) Stenries, £1075 (x2) Dry Evers, £1040 Old Silloth Farm, Limousin £1240 Wham Head Farm, £1240 (x2) £1110 Sideway Bank, £1230 Newfield Farm, £1185 Newby Farm, £1170 Hawkrigg Farm, £1145 £1100 Haresceugh Castle, £1140 £1130, £1100 (x3) Beech House, £1140 £1110 West Farm, £1100 Harper Hill Farm, £1100 Longrow, Charolais £1185 £1145 Stenries, £1130, £1080 Clappers, Simmental £1180 (x2) £1120 New House Farm, £1115 (x2) £1035 (x2) Horsegills, £1035 (x2) Stenries, Montbelairde £1120 Briggle Farm, Aberdeen Angus £1070 Midtown Farm, £1060 (x5) Briggle Farm, £1030 (x7) Whinney Hill Farm, Blonde £1055 Grange Grassing, Beef Shorthorn

########
Rank: 20
Score: 71.956566
Retrieved Text: Walnut Hill Farm is a family run horse and cattle breeding farm owned and operated by Rick and Marjorie Haus.
We breed top quality Hanoverian horses for both the dressage and jumper ring.
We also run a commercial herd of Simmental X Angus cattle.
We extend the best to you this year in your competitive and breeding endeavours. We offer a warm welcome to visit us either at our farm, or any of the various agricultural functions we attend.
We are located in Paisley, Ontario, two hours north west of Toronto. Please feel free to contact us with any inquiries you may have.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 71.589096
Retrieved Text: The Cumberland & Dumfriesshire Farmers Mart held their fortnightly sale of store cattle at Longtown on Tuesday 13th September, 2011.
A good show of 164 store cattle forward saw trade as dear as ever and topping the sale at £1055 for a Limousin heifer from Messrs Irving, Stoneholm. Limousin bullocks topped at £900 (2) from Shaw of Dryffe Farming.
Angus - £830 West Craigs, £750, £710 Wilseydown.
Simmental - £910 Sutton Close, £750 Wilseydown.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 71.42832
Retrieved Text: Keywords: Holstein and Simmental cattle , Alternating morning-evening milkings , Daily (24 h) milk yields , 305-day lactation milk yields , Estimation.
The aim of this study was to compare different statistical methods for the estimation of daily and 305-day lactation milk, fat and protein yields of Holstein and Simmental cattle breeds using an alternative milk recording scheme. Data included 6,824 individual test-day milk yield records collected according to the A4 milk recording method on 668 cows reared on 15 family farms. Daily milk, fat and protein yields were estimated using several statistical methods with regard to breed. The 305-day lactation yields were calculated from estimated daily yields using the Test Interval Method. The correlation between estimated and true yields, as well as the mean difference among estimated and true yield were used as the evaluation criteria for estimation methods. The linear regression of daily to partial milk, fat and protein yields while taking into account the interval between successive milkings was shown to be the most accurate model for estimating daily values, either from morning or evening records. The simple doubling of morning or evening records overestimated and underestimated the daily yields, respectively. When 305-day lactation milk, fat and protein yields were compared no difference between evaluated methods were found. Also, a separate estimation of daily and 305-day lactation yields according to breeds did not result in increased estimation accuracy.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 70.19685
Retrieved Text: The best seedstock producers in the region, and across the country, exhibit cattle at the Arizona National Livestock Show. The open cattle show provides divisions for Angus, Brahman, Brangus, Hereford, Red Angus, Shorthorn, Simmental, Other Percentage Breeds and All Other Breeds. The winners of each breed then compete for the most prestigious awards a cattle exhibitor can receive – the titles of Supreme Champion Bull, Supreme Champion Female, and Supreme Champion Cow-Calf of the show.
The Club Calf Show (formerly the Feeder Steer Show) has been an event cornerstone since the Arizona National Livestock Show’s inception. At it’s heart, this open show and sale were developed to provide an avenue for junior exhibitors to view and purchase quality cattle from reputable consignors, to take to other shows or bring back to the Arizona National Livestock Show the following year.
Club Calves of prospect age and less than 900 pounds are divided into weight classes for each division. Consignments are accepted on an individual basis, as well as per pen of 3. See rules for details.
The show will follow the Sun Classic Heifer Show.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 69.7591
Retrieved Text: We always have cattle for sale at RB Angus and show cattle. We are proud to say that our 2016 cattle are some of the best we have ever offered. Please let us know if you woud like more information.
Online Pasture Sale hosted by Show Circuit Online Sales.
Click here to view the online sale!
Calves are available on a first come first served basis at the ranch. These calves will include a few Steers and Angus, Simmental, Hereford, and Commercial Breeding Heifers. We also attend many sales throughout the year so we can take orders as well to find the right calf for you. Please let us know if you have any questions by calling 402-640-2486.
want more information? Thank you for visiting our site and learning more about our program. If we can assist you with learning more about our cattle please contact RB Angus and Show Cattle at cdy_rasmussen@yahoo.com.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 69.47341
Retrieved Text: From what I gathered the ASA would register anything bred to a Simmental or Simmental cross bull. I've been to Bozeman and ate supper in the ASA new building, their in it for the money. But the same can sorta of be said about the AAA also money wise.
True Grit Farms wrote: From what I gathered the ASA would register anything bred to a Simmental or Simmental cross bull. I've been to Bozeman and ate supper in the ASA new building, their in it for the money. But the same can sorta of be said about the AAA also money wise.
Yes, bred to a REGISTERED cow or bull - offspring can be registered as a percentage. If you want a registered offspring, why wouldn't a breed association take your money?????? Well, duh - they are all a "for profit" business.
Jeanne - Simme Valley wrote: elkwc - I totally understand being docked! That's why ALL my steers sell private treaty direct to a feedlot - sight unseen. That dock for color is just "because they can" - not because the cattle are inferior.
But, I was referring to the fact that an Angus bull bred to "black" cows, does not mean the white is coming from the bull, the COW might be the contributor.
But, I also understand the bull may also be a white carrier (more white than acceptable from an Angus). No one wants to admit that there MAY be some "diluted genes" in the gene pool!
VA Ctl - ASA will record a REGISTERED animal as a

########
Rank: 26
Score: 69.39895
Retrieved Text: A complex material such as fiberglass in which two or more distinct, structurally complimentary substances combine to provide some properties not present in any individual component.
A carefully planned combination of complimentary breeds designed to produce a uniform offspring.
Having uniform offspring is a goal of every beef producer and using composite bulls on crossbred cows gives you a MORE uniform calf crop compared to using purebred bulls. Composite (some people still use the word crossbred, which is different) is a step beyond crossbreeding. An example of a composite is a Beefmaster. A Beefmaster is 1/2 Brahman, 1/4 Shorthorn, and 1/4 Hereford. The Stabilizer or the MARC II is a composite that is 1/4 each of Red Angus, Hereford, Simmental, and Gelbvieh. There are many other composites now emerging as we find that these are ideal for many situations. The American Gelbvieh Association has trademarked the term “Balancer” for their composite of Angus and Gelbvieh (must be ¼ – ¾ of each breed). The main reason composites have become more popular is that you can maintain a fairly consistent percentage of breeds that fit your environment. You can buy a composite bull of genetics that you have found that fit your herd year after year instead of vacillating between more extremes. So instead of a two, three or four breed rotation, you simply buy a bull that’s exactly what you want in the end. My prediction is that 20 years from now, you’ll see more composite bulls sold than purebreds. The swine industry has gone that way in

########
Rank: 27
Score: 69.22719
Retrieved Text: I am a 1971 graduate of The Ohio State College of Veterinary Medicine and have been practicing in my hometown of Marietta, Ohio since my graduation.
My wife Nancy and I started accumulating our farm land in 1973 with a purchase of 90 acres to add to our home farm, totaling 140 acres. Since then, we added my father’s farm that had been in the Spindler family for over 100 years, as well as a portion of my parents’ farm to total approximately 350 acres.
In the 1990s, we started with a Hereford/dairy cross, then to Charolais, to Simmental, and most recently to Red Angus. We have gone from Leachman to Beckton, and for the last 15+ years, have been using Pharo Cattle Company genetics.
Pharo genetics have been the most useful in reducing my cow size and improving their efficiency.
We are not registered breeders, but concentrate on good functional commercial cattle and aim to follow the Pharo philosophies.
Our goal is to produce efficient cattle that will marble and finish on grass.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 69.144035
Retrieved Text: Using molecular markers, number and position of valuable alleles for somequantitative loci can be identified. An ideal genetic marker must be: polymorphic,multiallelic, codominant and environmentally not sensitive. These conditions areaccomplished by RFLP markers. Pit 1 and k-casein gene have been shown to beinvolved in milk yield/quality (protein, fat content) in cattle. The alleles favourablefor selection are B for k-casein and A for Pit1, both being associated with higherprotein content and superior milk yield for Pit-1.The present study was carried outto establish the genotype and allele frequencies for k-casein and Pit-1 genes usingPCR-RFLP/HinfI technique in 76 Romanian Simmental cattle.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 69.08044
Retrieved Text: SVF :: It's not just a prefix. It's a program.
Thank you for stopping by our home on the web. For years Sunset View Farms has been producing quality Simmental Cattle. We invite you to join the tradition.
Take a moment to browse through the pages of our site to learn about our donors, sires, sales, showstring and successes.
Please feel free to contact us if you have any questions or are interested in SVF.

================



======= Instance Index 4116 =========
Input Text: If a description of a situation begins like this: [header] How to clean pergo floor [title] Clean the floor regularly with a damp dust mop. [step] Pergo floors will attract dust, so you'll want to make sure you wipe it clean regularly with a dust mop to remove the most obvious particles. A regular wipe with a dry mop or static cloth should get most of the dust.... Then how
does it continue? 

Ending 1: [substeps] Place it flat on the floor with the dust mop facing up from below. If you don't have access to a dust mop, a broom can be used instead.

Ending 2: [substeps] Before wiping down the floor, wet your dust mop slightly. A bucket of water nearby should be enough to keep the mop moist.

Ending 3: [substeps] Don't just wipe the floor down. Do too much and you risk damaging the floor-you can sweep up any dust now.

Ending 4: [substeps] Pergo flooring will also come in handy if you run out of spare space in your home or if you're moving furniture in your home that needs cleaning. [title] Clear a lot of dust from the floor with a soft cloth.

Target Text: Ending 2

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 102.08227
Retrieved Text: how to clean floors your laminate floor cleaning best way pergo wood with vinegar and water polish.
clean laminate floors cleaning best way to pergo how wash without streaks floor care mop for within cleaner design.
best cleaner for floors way to clean floor laminate cleaning endearing washing pergo with vi.
floor cleaner best flooring laminate recipe genius kitchen installation instructions cost installed lamina way to clean pergo floors cleaning wood with.
image titled clean laminate floors step 1 best way to pergo cleaning wood with vinegar and water floor.
flooring sale installation ideas how to install on stairs colors cleaning installing discontinued laminate floors best way clean pergo with steam installa.
floor cleaner floors how to clean laminate wood make shine best cleaning machines way pergo swiffer.
floor care most blue ribbon laminate wood flooring best product to clean floors way pergo cleaning with vinegar and water top fab be.
floor cleaner home depot flooring best way to clean pergo floors cleaning laminate with ammonia presto.
cleaning floors best ways to clean vinyl plank flooring laminate wet way pergo wood with vinegar and water.
gold image best way to clean pergo floors cleaning swiffer floor care maintenance.
best way to clean floors medium size of what use laminate pergo cleaning.
er best way to clean floors with steam pergo can i laminate vinegar and water.
floor cleaner best way to clean pergo floors cleaning laminate with vinegar and water flooring review hardwood pros vs cons tips.
best way to clean floors most beautiful laminate vacuum cleaner for pergo can i with vinegar and water wa.
furniture captivating floor cleaner your

########
Rank: 1
Score: 99.89137
Retrieved Text: Pergo commercial vinyl floors and skirting boards are very easy to clean thanks to their sealed, hygienic surface layer. They are completely waterproof so you can clean them with a wet cloth. Pergo Vinyl Clean for Pergo is specifically developed for Pergo floors. One single cleaning product takes care of the daily maintenance of your vinyl floor. It protects the Pergo scratch resistant coating and helps to preserve the original matt look of your floor.
Clean the floor on a regular basis with cleaner diluted in water. Measurement: 2 capfuls of cleaner (use the cap of the bottle) of cleaning product in a bucketful of water. Wipe the floor with a slightly damp, non-fluffy cloth or mop which has been dipped in the cleaning product.
ALWAYS wipe off with a dry cloth until no moisture is visible on the floor.
TIP: regularly rinse and wring out.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 85.298164
Retrieved Text: Vinyl floors are easy to live with, but as with most things, it needs regular cleaning to stay beautiful. The innovative surface layer with TitanV™ makes a specific treatment after installation unnecessary, and your floor can easily be cleaned with a broom, vacuum cleaner, or a damp mop. We recommend that you always use a non-aggressive maintenance product, like Pergo vinyl cleaner that maintains the original look of your floor. Do not poor water over the floor or leave a puddle of water on the floor.
Clean the floor routinely by sweeping, vacuum cleaning or damp wiping. Always remove immediately grit, sharp objects, staining agents, moisture or aggressive substances from the floor.
PLEASE NOTE: Never use aggressive cleaning agents, soap or abrasive cleaners or cleaners containing oil or waxes.
Remove stains as fast as possible. The longer spilled materials are left on the floor, the greater the risk of permanently staining. Persistent stains may be removed using Pergo vinyl cleaner.
In order to increase resistance and enhance cleaning properties of the flooring for commercial application, an appropriate sealer can be applied according to the instructions of the manufacturer of this product.
How to remove stains from a vinyl floor?
How To Remove Scuff Marks From A Vinyl Floor?
How To Clean A Vinyl Floor?

########
Rank: 3
Score: 83.77024
Retrieved Text: Ah, dogs. What would life be like without them? They’re always so thrilled to see you when you get home from work, and they’re right there in the morning with a sad look that guilts you into 6 a.m. walks no matter the weather. But it’s worth it. It’s safe to say that people will never stop having dogs as their loyal companions. Yet, it’s also safe to say that dogs always find a way to create chaos in any room of the house.
Dogs can be a beast on your floors. How do you balance your puppy love with your need to keep your floors presentable? At some point, your four-legged friend is going to leave his mark in some way on your floor. Maybe he comes barreling into the house, covered in mud, after it’s been pouring. Sometimes he’s determined to scratch and claw until he retrieves his tennis ball from under the couch. Or maybe gets so excited for a treat that he knocks over his water bowl. Every now and then, he may get confused and do something more unspeakable like mistake your kitchen floor for his favorite dog park.
So what’s a canine lover to do? You are in luck. There are plenty of flooring options that can withstand anything and everything your dog might do to it. PERGO laminate is built to lock out dirt, dust and just about any normal wear and tear that happens with heavy use – by dogs or people. All of the laminate flooring options PERGO offers

########
Rank: 4
Score: 77.62363
Retrieved Text: laminate floor care cleaning las vegas laminate floor cleaning vinyl floor care and cleaning.
laminate floor care cleaning bruce laminate floor cleaner laminate floor care and cleaning.
laminate floor care cleaning pergo floor cleaner hardwood floor cleaning floor care wet jet wet jet pads wet refills pergo pergo floor cleaner laminate wood floor care cleaning.
laminate floor care cleaning bona stone tile and laminate floor cleaner refill 256 ounce vinyl floor care and cleaning.
laminate floor care cleaning did you know that cleaning your hardwood or laminate floors is almost as easy as cleaning a mirror when done with the right product it is hardwood floor care and cleaning.
laminate floor care cleaning can hardwood floor care and cleaning.
laminate floor care cleaning pergo or any laminate floor cleaner recipe diy and such pinterest cleaning diy cleaners and laminate flooring cleaner laminate wood floor care cleaning.
laminate floor care cleaning laminate floor cleaner laminate wood floor cleaner homemade vinyl floor care and cleaning.
laminate floor care cleaning a beautiful clean home starts at floor level wood floor care and cleaning.
laminate floor care cleaning best laminate floor cleaner gorgeous best laminate floor polish cleaner machine furniture bruce laminate floor cleaner vinyl floor care and cleaning.
laminate floor care cleaning tips for protecting your floors wood floor care and cleaning.
laminate floor care cleaning laminate wood floor polish wood floor cleaning complete floor care in faux wood floors design laminate wood floor paint best laminate wood floor cleaning wood floor care and cleaning.
laminate floor care cleaning bona floor cleaner ingredients medium size of hardwood floor hardwood floor polish

########
Rank: 5
Score: 77.27463
Retrieved Text: Published 04/20/2019 01:15:04 am at 04/20/2019 01:15:04 am in How To Put Hardwood Floor.
how to put hardwood floor how to buy wood flooring installing laminate flooring overview flooring how to videos installing laminate flooring overview flooring how to videos and tips at the home depot.
how to make tile flush with hardwood floor youtube , installing hardwood flooring over concrete howtos diy , installation services floor decor tile stone how to classes saturdays at pm, installation services floor decor wood laminate how to classes saturdays at am, preparing and installing hardwood floors feathering in hardwood flooring, inexpensive wood floor that looks like a million dollars do it diy cheap make your own solid wood floors for a fraction of the cost, ways to mop a floor wikihow image titled mop a floor step , how to install laminate and hardwood flooring pergo flooring pergo inspiration, how much hardwood flooring to order , how to install hardwood floors better homes gardens installing hardwood floors, how to build a raised storage area in your attic todays homeowner .

########
Rank: 6
Score: 76.66026
Retrieved Text: Image Title: Engineered Hardwood Flooring About PERGO Pertaining To Pergo Plans 5. Post Title: Pergo Hardwood Flooring. Filename: engineered-hardwood-flooring-about-pergo-pertaining-to-pergo-plans-5.jpg. Image Dimension: 570 x 456 pixels. Images Format: jpg/jpeg. Publisher/Author: Remington Kling. Uploaded Date: Sunday - January 13th. 2019 09:41:09 AM. Category: Architecture. Image Source: interiordesign.net. Laminate And Hardwood Flooring Official PERGO Site For Pergo Remodel 0. Hardwood Flooring Solid Engineered PERGO Within Pergo Design 7. Best Way To Clean Pergo Floors Hermoderncanvas Com Regarding Hardwood Flooring Design 18. The Floors I Want In My House PERGO BLEACHED PINE Accolade Inside Pergo Hardwood Flooring Decor 12. Engineered Hardwood Flooring About PERGO Pertaining To Pergo Plans 5. Pergo Painted Chestnut Laminate Flooring Abel Hardwood With Decorations 16. Essence Oak PERGO American Era Solid Hardwood Flooring With Regard To Pergo Prepare 15. Stonegate Oak Natural Authentic Laminate Floor Grey Wood Finish In Pergo Hardwood Flooring Prepare 4. Flooring Closeout Bonanza Hardwood Pergo Carpet More In Winsted Inside Plans 14. Briarcliff Walnut PERGO Max Engineered Hardwood Flooring With Pergo Designs 1.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 75.92518
Retrieved Text: Thanks to the patented TitanX™ surface protection, a Pergo laminate floor will keep its elegant finish year in and year out. TitanX™ is a multilayer technology that includes protective layers of aluminium oxide particles, which provides superior resistance to wear and scratching. And with the special impact layers combined with a high quality core material TitanX™ also provides very high resistance for handling dropped objects and high heels.
What makes Pergo stand out?
Pergo’s patented TitanX™ surface is the best multilayer protective floor finish on the market, providing wear resistance that exceeds normal standards for commercial environments.
A Pergo laminate floor makes it easier to maintain a high level of hygiene. Bacteria require nourishment and moisture in order to thrive and the tightly sealed, easy to clean TitanX™ surface makes this impossible. This provides a high level of hygiene naturally, without chemical antiseptics.
Pergo laminate floors eliminate static electricity. Electrostatic charges generated by Pergo laminate floors are generally very low, but to reduce them even more we have developed a technology to give selected floors permanent antistatic properties throughout the life of the floor.
The unique multilayer construction of our TitanX™ surface together with a dense core material provides very high impact resistance for handling dropped objects and high heels.
A Pergo floor with TitanX™ surface has a natural high resistance to fire thanks to its multilayer construction. This combined with the core’s density allows for faster heat dissipation.
Pergo’s Moisture Resistance System combines moisture resistant core materials with a strong and tight click joint. The surface protection of our new Sensation floors

########
Rank: 8
Score: 74.361115
Retrieved Text: What To Clean Laminate Floors With.
The best ways to clean laminate floors wikihow inside what with ideas. Keeping my dark laminate floors smudge free the easy way so pertaining to what clean laminate floors with remodel. How to restore laminate floor shine throughout what clean floors with decor. Flooring what do you clean laminate floors with can mop throughout to prepare. How to clean scented candle wax off laminate flooring working on throughout what floors with prepare.
What to clean laminate wood floors with.
What to clean pergo laminate floors with.
What to clean armstrong laminate floors with.
What to clean dark laminate floors with. What to clean timber laminate floors with. What to clean wood laminate floors with. What to clean laminate floors with. What to clean laminate floors with vinegar. What to clean your laminate floors with. What to clean harmonics laminate floors with. The best ways to clean laminate floors wikihow inside what with ideas.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 74.20694
Retrieved Text: Laminate flooring is relatively new to the United States, but it has been used in Europe for 20 to 30 years. Laminate floors consist of a wear layer, an image layer, a processed wood core, and a balancing layer. Manufacturers use the image layer to mimic the appearance of wood, stone, or tile floor at a fraction of the cost.
Laminate floors offer several advantages over more traditional flooring options. For one thing, they are impact and scratch resistant. They are also stain resistant and will not fade in the sunlight. However, if they do become scratched or stained, laminate floors are difficult to repair. For minor scratches, you can try wax crayons or putties matched to the color of your floor. For more serious damage, you may need to replace the entire plank or tile. This web page about repairing laminate floors discusses these concerns in greater detail.
Laminate floors are also called "floating floors" because they are not attached to the subfloor but are installed on top of it. The tiles or planks fasten to each other and float over the plywood or cement floor beneath it. Some varieties of laminate floor glue together, while others "click" together. Laminate floors, especially the "click" kind, can be installed by most do-it-yourselfers. Check out these tips for installing laminate floors.
Laminate flooring may be the easiest type of flooring to maintain. You simply need to vacuum, sweep, and dust-mop it regularly. For deeper cleaning, ask your floor manufacturer for a cleaning kit. The cleaning kit usually includes a terry

########
Rank: 10
Score: 72.90219
Retrieved Text: Control floating floor. You need to clean and one of lengthening the tongue of its time. What is room pergo floors, the room flooring dealer may contribute to a floor installation if a fireplace or other frequently utilized floor is poured onto a design standpoint ceramic for a square foot for this laundry room learning center. Usually used in the whole house where the best petfriendly flooring options when the length of the most durable and level installing your heart is known to install it is a lot cheaper than hardwoods a fireplace or the stronger the first room. Lengthening the.
Area rugs for your room to round up into the same length of the dimensions of pergo floors laminate hardwood. Ehow get when measuring the length of your room to depending upon climate before any work begins its important to install laminate flooring questions including how much. How much room pergo floors, you should be able to cover a room over wood flooring. A plywood sub floor it is installed for hardwood. Notice. Should be able to install wood or warp. A square yard estimates for the details of the length and white living room that. To install.
Price we have a formal living room of this pergo xp 12mm floors our vinyl floors our flooring youll save off laminate flooring easy to meet the pergo laminate flooring pergo laminate flooring can put the house is whether you choose wood or concrete subfloors steps method. Orders over wood floor grey oak natural design that is whether you

########
Rank: 11
Score: 71.68971
Retrieved Text: Pergo Flooring Gallery | Laminate Flooring Manchester - Quickstep ... - Pergo Flooring Gallery | Laminate Flooring Manchester - Quickstep flooring, Pergo Flooring .
Installing Pergo vinyl flooring - How to install vinyl on stairs ... - Installing Pergo vinyl flooring - How to install vinyl on stairs?
Installing Pergo vinyl flooring - How to prepare your underlay ... - Installing Pergo vinyl flooring - How to prepare your underlay?
Installing Pergo vinyl flooring - How To Remove Stains From A Vinyl ... - Installing Pergo vinyl flooring - How To Remove Stains From A Vinyl Floor?
Home // Why and How We Chose our Pergo Flooring | Steffens Reno ... - Carpet Market One offers flooring, flooring, flooring and vinyl flooring. The floor store Carpet Market One has the latest hardwood flooring collections.
Installing Pergo vinyl flooring - How To Clean A Vinyl Floor? - YouTube - Installing Pergo vinyl flooring - How To Clean A Vinyl Floor?

########
Rank: 12
Score: 71.4614
Retrieved Text: Image Title: Laminate Flooring Floors Floor Products PERGO Pertaining To Pergo Colors Ideas 11. Post Title: Pergo Flooring Colors. Filename: laminate-flooring-floors-floor-products-pergo-pertaining-to-pergo-colors-ideas-11.jpg. Image Dimension: 480 x 480 pixels. Images Format: jpg/jpeg. Publisher/Author: Joesph Senger. Uploaded Date: Tuesday - October 09th. 2018 06:58:19 AM. Category: Architecture. Image Source: interior.com. Light Color Pergo Laminate Flooring YouTube In Colors Ideas 9. Pergo XP Haley Oak 8 Mm Thick X 7 1 2 In Wide 47 4 Length Pertaining To Flooring Colors Plan 12. Pergo Flooring Colors Gorgeous Laminate Colours Attractive With Within Ideas 13. Laminate Flooring Floors Floor Products PERGO Pertaining To Pergo Colors Ideas 11. Pergo Flooring Details And Color Options Hello Allison Within Colors Remodel 4. Wood Laminate Flooring Styles Empire Today In Pergo Colors Prepare 7. Auburn Scraped Oak PERGO Outlast Laminate Flooring Pertaining To Pergo Colors Ideas 14. Pergo Outlast Auburn Scraped Oak 10 Mm Thick X 6 1 8 In Wide 47 Intended For Flooring Colors Plan 16. Pergo Flooring Details And Color Options Hello Allison Inside Colors Prepare 2. Laminate Flooring Legends Interior Walsenburg Colorado With Regard To Pergo Colors Designs 17.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 71.12646
Retrieved Text: Image Title: Exciting Pergo Flooring Colors Attractive Max Laminate Styles Intended For Plans 16. Post Title: Pergo Flooring Colors. Filename: exciting-pergo-flooring-colors-attractive-max-laminate-styles-intended-for-plans-16.jpg. Image Dimension: 786 x 533 pixels. Images Format: jpg/jpeg. Publisher/Author: Johnny Olson. Uploaded Date: Wednesday - January 02nd. 2019 01:35:25 AM. Category: Architecture. Image Source: home-designing.com. Pergo Flooring Wood Laminate And More At Lowe S In Colors Idea 5. Pennsylvania Traditions Oak 12 Mm Thick X 7 96 In Wide 54 37 Inside Pergo Flooring Colors Remodel 14. PERGO XP Laminate Floor Styles Flooring Samples With Regard To Pergo Colors Ideas 12. Wood Laminate Flooring Styles Empire Today Throughout Pergo Colors Designs 18. PERGO Outlast Durable Laminate Flooring Spill Protect Floors Throughout Pergo Colors Idea 9. Exciting Pergo Flooring Colors Attractive Max Laminate Styles Intended For Plans 16. Pergo Laminate Flooring The Home Depot Throughout Colors Ideas 3. Laminate Flooring Colors Best For Pergo Prepare 17. PERGO Flooring Amazing Pergo Laminate Colors 5 Stainless Throughout Decorations 7. Laminate Flooring Floors Floor Products PERGO In Pergo Colors Design 13.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 70.67631
Retrieved Text: How to install laminate flooring | Real DIY Tips | Pergo XP Flooring .
Jun 4, 2016 . Complete Installation Instructions and Tips on completing laminate floor installation. I used Pergo XP brand laminate flooring, purcha.
Jan 5, 2016 . We first downloaded the copy of Pergo's flooring essential guide on how to install laminate flooring. We also watched videos on Pergo's.
Installing Pergo laminate and hardwood floors is easy with simple click together joints. Our how to flooring installation guide is a snap for the pro or DYI.
It took us less than eight hours (not including acclimation time) and about $200 to remove old wall-to-wall carpeting and install new laminate floors. Laminate.
of planks made from a durable laminate surface, a . cartons of Pergo flooring to lay flat in the room where . sound underlayment designed for laminate floors.
How to Install Pergo Flooring. Pergo is a brand of health conscious laminate that's easy to construct and durable to use. The Pergo installation procedure makes.
Installing a beautiful Pergo floor is now faster and easier than ever. Our innovative PerfectFold™ 3.0 click system is available with Pergo laminate floors at all.
Dec 12, 2015 . Sharing how to install floating, tongue and groove Pergo laminate flooring which I'm installing in the loft.
8 Tips for Installing Laminate Flooring | 8 Tips for Laying a Plastic .
Jan 26, 2017 . Plastic-laminate flooring is a simple and inexpensive way to cover a large area. Here's what you need to know before you start.
Pergo made a big impact on the flooring market several years ago

########
Rank: 15
Score: 70.052864
Retrieved Text: I will be installing TrafficMaster lamiate wood floors in my entire house (living room, den, hallway and 2 bedrooms). What do I use to clean it? I thought about getting a Shark vac/steam mop, but a review I read on another website said that the steam can get under the floor and cause mildew. Any insight would be helpful.
Hello aparker and thank you for joining The Community. We are glad that you are here.
Congratulations on selecting TrafficMaster laminate for your home!
1. Sweep, dust, or vacuum the floor regularly with the hard floor attachment (not the beater bar) to prevent accumulation of dirt and grit that can scratch or dull the floor finish.
2. Use a damp cloth to blot up spills as soon as they happen – do not allow liquids to stand on your floor.
3. Do not wash or wet mop the floor with soap, water, oil-soap detergent, or any other liquid cleaning material. This could cause swelling, warping, delamination, and joint-line separation, and void the warranty.
4. Periodically clean the floor with cleaning products made specifically for laminate floor care.
5. For spots such as candle wax or chewing gum, harden the spot with ice and then gently scrape with a plastic scraper (such as a credit card). Be careful not to scratch the flooring surface and then wipe clean with a damp cloth.
6. For tough spots (such as oil, paint, markers, lipstick, ink, or tar), use acetone/nail polish remover on a clean white cloth, then wipe the area with a damp cloth to remove any remaining

########
Rank: 16
Score: 69.30813
Retrieved Text: Image Title: Hawaiian Curly Koa PERGO XP Laminate Flooring Regarding Pergo Colors Remodel 0. Post Title: Pergo Flooring Colors. Filename: hawaiian-curly-koa-pergo-xp-laminate-flooring-regarding-pergo-colors-remodel-0.jpg. Image Dimension: 480 x 480 pixels. Images Format: jpg/jpeg. Publisher/Author: Joesph Senger. Uploaded Date: Tuesday - October 09th. 2018 06:58:04 AM. Category: Architecture. Image Source: architecture.com. Bainbridge Oak PERGO Max Laminate Flooring Inside Pergo Colors Prepare 1. Light Color Pergo Laminate Flooring YouTube In Colors Ideas 9. Laminate Flooring Legends Interior Walsenburg Colorado With Regard To Pergo Colors Designs 17. Best Pergo Floor Colors On 2018 Shaw Laminate Flooring Official Site In Remodel 6. Laminate Flooring Floors Floor Products PERGO Pertaining To Pergo Colors Ideas 11. Delightful Pergo Max Laminate Flooring Styles Floor Samples With Colors Decor 15. Pergo XP Haley Oak 8 Mm Thick X 7 1 2 In Wide 47 4 Length Pertaining To Flooring Colors Plan 12. 1045 Best Laminate Flooring Images On Pinterest In 2018 Intended For Pergo Colors Remodel 18. Antique Cherry PERGO Outlast Laminate Flooring Inside Pergo Colors Plan 3. Pergo Laminate Flooring The Home Depot In Colors Ideas 19.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 69.28386
Retrieved Text: I love candles and wax luminous holders. There are so many different models for a candle holder; I am going to look at some of the basic models such as votive, wrought flat iron, hurricane and crystal holder. In the beginning candles were made of tallow, very smoky and burnt very quickly. Later wax was used, but was expensive. Candle holders came into being to hold the candle and protect the user's hand, but likewise to collect the wax and reuse it. Nowadays the easy candle holder has become a great ornamental item and is employed in interior design. They are available in many forms, styles and colors. There is something to appeal to everyone from parayer holders to ones manufactured from wrought iron, or cup and crystal.
Nemiri - Red floor india, new delhi , pergo engineered wood and. Red floor india was incorporated in the year 2012 with the aim to enhance the interior decor of residential as well as commercial places by offering complete laminated floorings such as pergo laminated wooden flooring, pergo engineered wood flooring and fundermax exterior panel. Pergo laminate flooring pergo harmony oak laminate. Manufacturer of pergo laminate flooring pergo harmony oak laminate flooring, pergo african oak laminate flooring, pergo classic grey oak laminate flooring and pergo classic oak laminate flooring offered by red floor india, new delhi, delhi. Pergo classic teak laminate flooring red floor india. Red floor india was incorporated in the year 2012 with the aim to enhance the interior decor of residential as well as commercial places

########
Rank: 18
Score: 67.97346
Retrieved Text: Cleaning engineered hardwood floors is not really difficult. A popular option with regard to flooring in residential houses, engineered hardwood features numerous layers of wood veneer which has been kiln dried out and attached with each other to make an individual piece of flooring.
Wood surfaces, even those protected by a durable coating of polyurethane or some other finish, have to be cleaned regularly. Dust and sand on the surface can act like sand paper, dulling or eliminating the finish. Fluids spilled on the floor, and not attended to quickly, can result in harmed wood and also discoloration.
In order to keep engineered floors looking their finest, dry mop or vacuum every day. While vacuum-cleaning, change the beater bar off, set it to ‘bare floors’ or maybe set it to the maximum (furthest away from the floor) setting to prevent scratching the floor’s finish. Dust and granules will be the enemies on most flooring, whether or not your house features engineered hardwood, laminate or ceramic tiles. Dust and also other particles make abrasives and may scratch finishes, leaving the flooring materials vunerable to harm. The best way how to clean engineered hardwood floors naturally is by using a damp mop. Choose a microfiber mop head that will not be harsh. Prevent soaking the mop head. When engineered flooring can endure humidity much better than hardwood floors, too much water can easily still harm engineered flooring, because the water can easily seep through scratches and also joints leading to warping as well as harm to the underlayment.
A slightly-damp mop

########
Rank: 19
Score: 67.7669
Retrieved Text: It is not difficult to get off track when discussing pros and cons Pergo wood flooring. For years, Pergo’s floor was identical to laminate floors; the reason is that Pergo first appeared with the idea of ​​a laminate floor. Pergo is still the largest producer of this type of floor, even though the company is now owned by Mohawk, a manufacturer of good laminate floors. In each event, any discussion of what is good or bad about the Pergo floor usually turns into an argument about the pros and cons of the laminate floor in general.
Pergo wood flooring has been in the laminate floor business longer than anyone else. There are many brands that are very competitive now, but Pergo remains the best-selling brand with significant margins, which tells you something about the quality of their product lines. Another positive indication that Pergo is a trustworthy brand lies in their guarantee, up to 30 years, and is more than enough for most types of floors. But the warranty has exceptions.
If you routinely spill liquid in Pergo wood flooring you and do not remove it after that, the floor will eventually start to deteriorate, and the warranty will no longer be valid. Pergo laminate flooring is almost very easy to install. Individual boards stick together. Most laminate floors, including the Pergo floor, require basic materials between lamination and subflooring. The Pergo Allocate product line is an exception, because the underlying material has been added. Hardwood floors are difficult to install by non-professionals.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 67.45009
Retrieved Text: Are you really bored with your Floor cupboards? Do you want to transform the cabinets into something more trendy and modern? If you’re still unsure about what kind of Floor cupboards that you wish to install, likely you are able to start looking for some What is the best way to clean laminate flooring april 2018 for find an inspiration.
Changing a Floor cabinet may possibly well not what is the best way to clean laminate floors pergo be an easy job todo. For this what is the best way to clean laminate floors pergo reason, you require the ideal prep. This groundwork will likewise enable you what is the best way to clean laminate floors pergo to decide the amount of money that you may pay for the renovation. Just as testimonials, you may have a look at a few appealing and eye catching What is the best way to clean laminate flooring april 2018 from the websites or magazines. This way, you’ll receive an exact outline of the kind of the cupboards, along with, the counter tops along with a lot much more. Perhapsyou also ought to regard the equipments and also fabric which you want to purchase to put in the Floor cabinets.
Implementing the What is the best way to clean laminate flooring april 2018 is also advisable for some one of you who what is the best way to clean laminate floors without streaking are interested in obtaining the gorgeous and well lighted Floor. Of course, lights really does a matter and it

########
Rank: 21
Score: 67.40789
Retrieved Text: Concrete: Sheet vinyl can be installed over concrete if the surface of the concrete is clean, smooth and dry. to accommodate the new thickness, and thresholds will require replacing. Using graph paper, sketch your floor plan to scale.
How to Repair or Replace Thresholds for Laminate Flooring : Flooring Tips Published on Feb 7, 2014. Subscribe Now: The Original Brown Paper Floor: DIY Alternative To Hard Wood Floors - Duration: 10:42.
How to Install Pergo Flooring: Chapter 10 - Transitions and Moldings. Pergo Flooring U.S. Published on Sep 27, 2013 Installing Laminate Flooring For The First Time // Home Renovation - Duration: 11:40. Crafted The Original Brown Paper Floor: DIY Alternative To Hard Wood Floors - Duration: 10:42.
DIY Master Handyman Chris's Tutorial, Teaching Laminate Floor Installation Techniques. How To Correctly Install A Laminate Hardwood Threshold Near A Bathroom. all cracks on the floor near bathrooms due to possible leaks in the bathroom to Drywall Mesh Tape vs Paper Tape, Which is Better?
How is the paper applied to the HDF core? Laminate flooring and underlayment/vapor barrier can be installed over concrete, wood flooring, T molding, For use in doorways or thresholds to join two areas of floor on the same height level.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 67.31448
Retrieved Text: Don’t break out the knee pads and scrub brushes just yet. Whether your floor is laminate or tile, linoleum or cork, we’ve got the simplest and safest ways to keep them looking spotless and new.
Your laminate may resemble hardwood planks or natural-stone tile, but you still need to care for it as a laminate. The good news: Very few things will harm a laminate floor, says Bill Dearing, president of the North American Laminate Flooring Association. After all, the planks are constructed in sun- and light-resistant layers to maintain a like-new appearance for years. That said, it’s important to keep water from getting underneath the planks. Dearing recommends dry mopping or vacuuming the floor, making sure the machine is on tile mode (as opposed to carpet) so the beater bar is raised. Spot-clean with a slightly damp mop (or a wet Swiffer, since they aren’t sopping wet) when necessary. Dearing’s last bit of advice: Never polish a laminate floor. If the finish of a plank looks damaged, it’s best to replace it.
The same quality that makes this natural material so beautiful—its porosity—makes it very susceptible to water damage. Because it’s so absorbent, most cork flooring is sealed, but you still need to proceed with caution. “Vacuum often to prevent scratching, wipe up spills immediately, and wash cork floors once a week,” says Leslie Reichert, the Green Cleaning Coach. Reichert suggests skipping commercial cleaning products in favor of a vinegar-and-soapy-water solution: Place 1/4 cup vinegar in a spray bottle with 1 drop of dish soap and warm

########
Rank: 23
Score: 66.80979
Retrieved Text: You picked out your dream floors and worked with Zothex Flooring expert installers to create your dream home floors. Whether you updated your high-traffic hallway carpet, or went with waterproof flooring throughout your kitchen, you want your floors to stay this beautiful for years to come! The right floor care can help you keep your investment looking great. Check our a few helpful tips for carpet, hardwood, tile, and vinyl from the masters of the art of flooring.
While carpeting should be deep cleaned or professionally cleaned regularly, other flooring such as wood, laminates, vinyl, and tile can be easily cleaned with store-bought cleaning products that work on almost every surface and area of the home. The first step is to know what kind of floor you have and how it’s finished and sealed before selecting a cleaner.
When you follow the flooring maintenance and care guides, it’s easy to maintain the beauty of your carpeting. Zothex provides a one-year labor warranty on our carpet installations, and many manufacturers provide a warranty on the carpet itself. Almost all carpet warranties will require that you have a professional carpet cleaning your carpet every 18-24 months. Outside of professional cleaning, regular floor care can help maintain your carpet for years to come!
Vacuum regularly especially in heavy traffic areas.
Use furniture carpet protectors or rotating furniture in your room can help prevent permanent indentation.
Plan for a deep cleaning (or have a professional cleaning) in high traffic rooms every 18-24 months.
Avoid any household cleaners that are not listed within the approved cleaner in

########
Rank: 24
Score: 66.54345
Retrieved Text: Recently I was talking to a lovely lady from South Australia. Her name was Carol. Her and her partner own a dentistry clinic. Hygiene and cleanliness is a very high priority for them. Carol asked me a question we’ve been asked literally thousands of times. She said, “We have used everything we know to use and just can’t get our floors to look clean, especially in the busy parts of the floors where people walk… heeeelp!”.
• Is my floor really clean and hygienic?
Don’t worry, there is an answer.. and XO2 loves to help.
If you’re having trouble cleaning your floor you’re not alone… it’s an epidemic!
1. How often are you cleaning the floors?…because the best cleaning chemical and procedure won’t work if they’re not used regularly enough.
2. What cleaning chemicals are you currently using?... because the right cleaning chemical at the right dilution is essential.
3. How often are you changing the mop water?… because floor cleaning can quickly become dirt spreading if the mop water is not changed often enough.
4. What mop or floor cleaning machine are you using?… because how you clean really does matter.
5. Are you wanting an everyday cleaning solution or do you need a heavy duty solution to get the floor right first?… because sometimes a shock treatment or initial heavy duty clean is needed before a good everyday cleaning process will be effective.
6. Is there a floor sealer on or in the surface? and has the floor been sealed lately?… because we want to be sure a cleaning procedure won’t affect any

########
Rank: 25
Score: 66.32627
Retrieved Text: Published 04/22/2019 10:26:03 am at 04/22/2019 10:26:03 am in Laminate Flooring Pictures.
laminate flooring pictures laminate flooring has come a long way yall learn why i chose flooring how to clean tile floors.
high quality laminate flooring at discounted prices per m, how to clean laminate wood floors without doing damage view in gallery, free estimate in laminate flooring pinterest flooring free estimate in laminate flooring pinterest flooring kitchen flooring and house, laminate flooring bedford serino woods amp floors do you want affordable floors with the natural flooring feel our laminate flooring will bring your rooms to life theres no need to worry about replacing , laminate flooring anderson flooring design llc laminate flooring, brilliant laminate flooring picture burnbury french oak of living amazing laminate flooring picture best hot product pick image on pinterest mannington a european white, pergo outlast vintage tobacco oak mm thick x in wide x pergo outlast vintage tobacco oak mm thick x in wide x in length laminate flooring sq ft case in floors pinterest , quality wood flooringengineered solid laminate vinyl flooring trendy floors living room, laminate floor chip and scratch repair plastic surgeon our laminate flooring repairs, surplus warehouse bring the style and feel into a room you desire by adding quality flooring at a lowprice our vast variety of flooring products can ensure that your floors , flooring how to clean tile floors.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 66.23381
Retrieved Text: Cleaning an older home can sometimes be a challenge. Sure the old hardwood floors add character to our living space, but they add a challenge to cleaning around the house. If you use the wrong item on them, you can damage the wood. Moisture is a problem, but you do need some to properly clean a floor.
For quite some time, I have been thinking about purchasing a steam mop to help with the floors. What often worried me was too much water remaining on the floors and ruining something. When I was offered to review the Hoover TwinTank Steam Mop, I thought it was the perfect opportunity to see how this would work. This is not a review post, you can see my review on Amazon here.
The experience with the steam mop has changed my feelings about cleaning not only the hardwood, but other floor surfaces in our house. Now, it is probably the toilet area that I loathe to keep clean (house of boys and me – ick!).
If you had to select only one cleaning task that is a pet peeve of yours, what is it and why?
Disclosure: I received a sample of the product mentioned to facilitate my review, but my opinions are entirely my own. Should you be interested in purchasing the Hoover TwinTank Disinfecting Steam Mop , you can use my Amazon Affiliate where I will receive a percentage from the sale.
I detest doing the bathrooms. I wish there was a way to snap my fingers and be done with them. However,

########
Rank: 27
Score: 65.86531
Retrieved Text: Knowing how to clean hardwood floors is important because the bane of hardwood is dirt and grit, which will scratch and mark the ground if not removed promptly. As well, dust is seen more easily on wood floors than it is on linoleum or on carpet, especially in the sunlight and especially if the floor has a dark stain. Hardwood floor care, therefore , means sweeping and dusting regularly – once a week or so, at least, and after any event that leaves dirt and grit behind. Regular household dusting and cleaning products will cause problems, however , and you must use only products specifically designed for hardwood. Vacuuming is preferable to sweeping because it allows the dirt and dust to be plucked from between the boards, but use a vacuum with a bare floor attachment, not a beater bar, which can damage the wood.
Any time a more in-depth cleaning is required, use a cleaning method appropriate to the finish on your floor. If your floor has a glossy finish, it means of which polyurethane, or a water-based urethane, or a similar finish has been used to form a protective barrier over the hardwood. If it has a matte finish, it means that the floor is protected with a penetrating seal of oil and/or wax. On neither of these finishes can be water an acceptable cleaning agent, but both of them can accept a surface, damp-mop cleaning, which means the mop is not wet nonetheless only damp to the touch. You are cleaning only the surface

########
Rank: 28
Score: 65.68231
Retrieved Text: discontinued laminate flooring overview home design software for beginners improvement pergo specialist singapore di.
discontinued laminate flooring family great classic planks 7 harvest oak pergo hdb home improvement program schedule.
discontinued laminate flooring gurus floor pergo home improvement specialist singapore.
presto seasoned hickory laminate flooring 5 in x discontinued pergo home improvement programme ii.
discontinued pergo laminate flooring home improvement loans singapore floors grade for.
discontinued laminate flooring hardwood colors for pergo home improvement store singa.
flooring installation ideas how to install on stairs colors cleaning installing discontinued laminate pergo home improvement scheme budget 2019 flo.
discontinued colors ask home design flooring color selection pergo laminate improvement scheme revenue.
max flooring reviews strong river road oak laminate engineered hardwood discontinued pergo hdb home improvement program schedul.
discontinued laminate flooring best pergo home improvement plan singapore floori.
flooring prices combined with top best price sun discontinued laminate for prepare cool pergo home improvement specialist singapore as.
discontinued laminate floors flooring for bedroom ideas of modern house unique best pergo home improvement programme in chinese d.
fascinating discontinued laminate flooring home design pergo improvement programme in chinese attractive beautiful.
laminate wood flooring image of room floors max discontinued pergo home improvement singapore lamina.
discontinued pergo laminate flooring home improvement scheme can find.
amusing discontinued laminate flooring exquisite pergo home improvement programme ii.
discontinued flooring pergo laminate home improvement store singapore reviews catalogs free dis.
discontinued laminate flooring pictures pergo hdb home improvement program schedule.
laminate flooring discontinued pergo home improvement programme blog 2.
large of what is flooring discontinued pergo laminate home improvement plan singapore.
attractive inued laminate flooring popular of discontinued pergo home improvement scheme budget 2019

########
Rank: 29
Score: 65.545395
Retrieved Text: Pergo XP Hand Sawn Oak Laminate Flooring 5 in x 7 in Take Home. pergo – laminate flooring – flooring – the home depot, shop our selection of pergo laminate flooring in the flooring department at the home depotpergo laminate wood flooring the home depot, shop our selection of pergo laminate wood flooring in the flooring department at the home depot. Tag : home depot , Pergo XP Hand Sawn Oak Laminate Flooring 5 in x 7 in Take Home.
Image Title : Pergo XP Hand Sawn Oak Laminate Flooring 5 in x 7 in Take Home.
Incredible Pergo Laminate Flooring Home Depot Floors Dark Laminate. pergo – laminate flooring – flooring – the home depot, shop our selection of pergo laminate flooring in the flooring department at the home depotpergo laminate wood flooring the home depot, shop our selection of pergo laminate wood flooring in the flooring department at the home depot. Tag : Incredible Pergo Laminate Flooring Home Depot Floors Dark Laminate.
Image Title : Incredible Pergo Laminate Flooring Home Depot Floors Dark Laminate.
Resolution : 513 px x 384 px.
pergo – laminate flooring – flooring – the home depot, shop our selection of pergo laminate flooring in the flooring department at the home depotpergo laminate wood flooring the home depot, shop our selection of pergo laminate wood flooring in the flooring department at the home depotlaminate flooring manufacturers listing hardwood floors, today consumers can choose between glueless click lock laminate flooring pre glued laminate flooring laminate flooring with pre attached underlay and the conventional tongue and grooved

================



======= Instance Index 8944 =========
Input Text: If a description of a situation begins like this: [header] How to remove makeup [title] Saturate a cotton pad with eye makeup remover. [step] A dual phase eye makeup remover works for most eye makeup. It combines the dissolving power of an oil-based remover with the gentle, soothing qualities of cleansing water.... Then how
does it continue? 

Ending 1: This is a good choice for heavy eye makeup--just make sure you shake the bottle thoroughly before use, as the formula tends to separate. [substeps] If you use waterproof mascara and liner or very stubborn eye makeup, use an oil-based cleanser.

Ending 2: Typically, the objective is to make the specific cleansing process a more pleasant experience, rather than being completely self-soothing. [substeps] Alternatively, you can simply dampen your cotton pad with a cold water solution and apply it from the corner of the eye to the inner corners.

Ending 3: Purchase a bottle of this remover at a drug store or online. [substeps] The longer you do this, the darker the outer layer of eye makeup will be.

Ending 4: [substeps] Although these products are less expensive than regular facial cleansers, they are not always foolproof. Overusing them will affect how effectively your makeup looks.

Target Text: Ending 1

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 101.91019
Retrieved Text: A high-performance, extremely mild makeup oil-free remover that removes all traces of eye and lip makeup, even waterproof and transfer-proof makeup, without having to rub. The result is a refreshing feeling with no oily residue left behind on the skin.
Dual-phase formula activates when shaken—Silicone phase dissolves longwearing makeup, including waterproof mascara and eyeliner. Water phase imparts a refreshing feeling without leaving an oily residue.
Cucumber and Chamomile soothe the delicate eye area.
Hyaluronic Acid hydrates and comforts.
Saturate a cotton pad with remover.
Apply to eye area and hold for several seconds.
Gently sweep down and away until makeup is completely removed.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 94.11244
Retrieved Text: Natura Bisse NB Ceutical Eye & Lip Makeup Remover is a two-phase makeup remover that eliminates all types of makeup, including waterproof makeup, while providing maximum comfort to the eye and lip contour areas. This innovative beauty solution with an Oleo & Aqua base is ideal for all skin types, even sensitive and/or sensitized skin, and in just one step removes makeup as well as moisturizes, soothes and conditions the skin. The upper phase (Oleo) effectively removes makeup and impurities, while the lower phase (Aqua) incorporates highly hydrating active ingredients that preserve the skin's natural moisturizing factor and prevent skin dehydration. It's a combination that could make this premium skin care product the best makeup remover you've ever tried!
Ideal for all skin types, even sensitive and/or sensitized skin.
Step 1: Use daily to remove makeup and cleanse the eye and lip contour area. Shake bottle to blend the two phases.
Step 2: Apply a small amount of the product on a cotton pad and remove makeup from the eye and lip area.
Step 3: Follow by removing makeup from eyelashes with gentle movements from base to tip. Do not rinse.
Green Tea, Betaine, Arginine and Chelating Agents.
Water (Aqua), Cyclopentasiloxane, Isohexadecane,Propanediol, Betaine, Arginine, Camellia Sinensis Leaf Extract, Glycerin, Sodium Chloride, Caprylyl/Capryl Glucoside, Disodium EDTA, Phenoxyethanol, Polyaminopropyl Biguanide, Sodium Benzoate, Potassium Sorbate, Flavor (Aroma), Yellow 5 (CI 19140).
I was using a discontinued Natura Bisse eye make up remover which was ideal. I figured I'd better research a back up. I tried this one by following the directions, it stung my eyes BUT

########
Rank: 2
Score: 89.74881
Retrieved Text: An ultra-effective eye makeup remover with a refreshing texture and skincare benefits.
Remove all your makeup in one swift gesture. This gentle gel soothes and moisturizes the eye area with cornflower extract and moisturizes the skin thanks to HydroSenn+™. A special complex of flavonoids and olive extracts strengthens lashes for an added eye-beauty bonus.
This fragrance-free product and has been dermatologically and ophthalmologically tested and is safe for sensitive eyes and contact lens wearers.
-Soak a cotton pad in makeup remover gel and gently wipe off makeup.
-For long-wearing makeup, hold a cotton pad soaked in makeup remover gel on the lashes to saturate, then wipe off.
​-Cornflower Extract: Calming, soothing, and regenerating properties.
-Procapil®: Encourages lash growth; complex rich in flavonoids and olive wood extracts.
-HydroSenn+™: Intensely moisturizing active ingredient; polysaccharide derived from an Indian plant (Cassia Angustifolia) that forms a protective barrier on the skin's surface for optimal moisture that lasts.
Water, Propanediol, Poloxamer 184, Glycerin, Phenoxyethanol, Acrylates/C10-30 Alkyl Acrylate Crosspolymer,Caprylyl Glycol, 1,2-Hexanediol,Butylene Glycol, Disodium EDTA,Sodium Hydroxide, Centaurea Cyanus Flower Extract, PPG-26-Buteth-26, PEG-40 Hydrogenated Castor Oil,Potassium Sorbate,Cassia Angustifolia Seed Polysaccharide, Apigenin, Hydroxyethylcellulose, Oleanolic Acid, Biotinoyl Tripeptide-1.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 89.05234
Retrieved Text: I invested in a waterproof mascara a few months back when my sister got married.
The mascara is great (and I will talk more about it another day), however like all waterproof mascaras the removal is a problem!
Now don’t get me wrong, I understand you have to use a makeup remover for waterproof mascara, but I have been unable to find one that doesn’t leave my skin feeling super greasy!
Clinique's ‘Take the day off’ makeup remover for lids, lashes and lips’ is a two phase makeup remover that gently lifts off waterproof and long-wear makeup.
To use simply give the bottle a good shake (which combines both parts of the solution), saturate a cotton pad, then gently wipe over the area of makeup you wish to remove - in my case the eye area.
Clinique say this makeup remover is non-irritating, non-stinging, plus it’s suitable for contact lense wearers.
I've been after a makeup remover, I have literally reverted to using brand that I find easier to get off instead of getting a new makeup remover, I just have such sensitive skin that scrubbing away leaves it looking red and raw.
I might give this a go on your recommendation!
Lovely blog you have here too Missy, going to follow you on Google friends, looking forward to reading more of your posts.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 88.816414
Retrieved Text: Liquid eye makeup removers are probably the most common in my stash. Although I have a ton of cleansers, I always prefer to use specific eye makeup removers to remove my eye makeup, than a cream, balm or oil cleanser. Although I don't pile on the makeup, I often use quite a few shadows (usually dark in shade), waterproof mascaras and liners as well as long-wearing bases and of course, brow powders. I need a remover that can effortlessly remove everything, without irritating my eyes. I know how hard it can be navigating the skincare aisles, so I thought I'd share my top three, eye makeup removers that tick all the right boxes.
The number one spot every time has to go to the Clarins Instant Eye Make-Up Remover. A bi-phase makeup remover, a good shake is needed before applying to a cotton wool pad. Holding a cotton pad on each eye for 30 seconds or so, I can gently swipe away my makeup like magic. Suitable for even the most sensitive of eyes as well as contact lens wearers, it uses ultra-fine natural oils which effortlessly lift away all traces of makeup, whilst keeping your lashes soft and nourishes. Must-have, couldn't live without product right here.
A very good dupe for the Clarins Instant Eye Make-up Remover is the gorgeous Claudia Louch Natural Skin Clinic Oil-Free Eye Makeup Remover*. The Claudia Louch eye makeup remover is an oil-free, non-irritating formula which uses natural active ingredients of soothing Cucumber Fruit extract alongside Chamomile Flower extract, which work to

########
Rank: 5
Score: 87.04735
Retrieved Text: The skin around your eyes is the most delicate. Simple Kind to Skin Dual Effect Eye Makeup Remover cleanses effectively yet gently. It is a biphase eye makeup remover which means the formula is made of two parts a caring cleansing oil with vitamin E and a purified water phase with pro vitamin B5 that when shaken work together to instantly hydrate and soothe skin while effortlessly dissolving waterproof makeup and conditioning your lashes. This eye makeup remover leaves behind soft instantly hydrated and soothed skin and beautifully conditioned lashes. No harsh rubbing needed and no stinging on the eyes. Suitable for sensitive eyes and contact lens wearers. Made of 2 parts a purified water pahse with provitamin B5 and a dedicated oil phase with vitamin E. When shaken these 2 phases work together to instantly hydrate and soothe skin while effortlessly dissolving waterproof makeup and conditioning your eyelashes.
Step 1 Shake well to mix the twopart formula Step 2 Apply couple of drops to a cotton pad Step 3 Gently cleanse the eye area from the inner corner to the outer side of the eye no harsh rubbing or rinsing required Suitable for sensitive eyes and contact lens wearers.
Warning Avoid getting into your eyes. If it gets into your eyes rinse thoroughly with water.Bubbles might appear after mixing which do not influence the quality of the product.
Aqua; Cyclopentasiloxane; Isohexadecane; Benzophenone-4; Butylene Glycol; Disodium EDTA; Disodium Phosphate; DMDM Hydantoin; Ethylhexyl Methoxycinnamate; Iodopropynyl Butylcarbamate; Panthenol; Propylene Glycol; Sodium Phosphate; Tocopheryl Acetate.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 86.95472
Retrieved Text: An eye and lip make-up remover that gently removes all traces of makeup, including long-wearing makeup and waterproof formulations.
Its superior translucent phase, composed of gentle oils, dissolves the most resistant makeup, whereas its bluish phase eliminates all residues and limits the oily sensation. It leaves the eyelids feeling fresh and rested.
Removes all types of make-up including long-lasting and water-resistant formulations.
Adapted to sensitive eyes and for those who wear contact lenses.
• Soak a cotton pad with the Dual-Phase Eye & Lip Make-Up Remover and gently wipe eyelashes, eyelids and lips.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 86.055695
Retrieved Text: our eye makeup remover utilizes organic grapeseed oil to moisturize, gently tighten, and treat the delicate eye area. use as an eye area moisturizer or as your daily eye makeup remover.
*formerly known as our eye firming oil.
apply a half pump to your eye area as a substitute for your traditional eye cream.
this product doubles up as an effective eye makeup remover that is gentle and nourishing for your eyelashes and eyebrows.
to use as a makeup remover, apply one pump to a cotton pad and gently swipe over eye makeup.
apply 1-2 pumps to cotton pad.
gently wipe over eye area to remove makeup.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 86.01207
Retrieved Text: cause the one thing I’m fond of – ‘mascara’ was the one thing I could not take off properly.Â Vaseline and the likes made my vision cloudy, did’nt help the skin around my eyes and because of the force I was using to remove the makeup I developed darker circles and wrinkles . Much scrubbing, tugging and many lost eyelashes later I found the right eye make-up remover.
When you look at the Bi-Facil remover you will notice that the dark coloured liquid sits on top of the lighter one.Â Well that shows you the two layers that the product is made of – oil and water.Â It’s got a bi-phase formula that’sÂ activated when you shake the bottle.Â The chemistry behind a ‘dual phase formula’ means the chemical has a oil loving side, and a water loving side and that when mixed lowers the surface tension of a liquid (make-up).
Before I go any further let me tell you that this product is a DOUBLE WHAMMY! Ladies who use ‘CONTACT LENSES’ and ladies with ‘SENSITIVE’ skin â€“ THIS IS FOR YOU!
Â In the first picture you will see the product as it is and in the second after it has been ‘ shaken not stirred’ :p.Â Iinorder to use it you have to give it a shake to activate the dual phase formula.Â Then get some on to your cotton ball, pads or buds and make sure that you do not use too much product to avoid having it drip into your eyes.Â Place the cotton onto

########
Rank: 9
Score: 85.39171
Retrieved Text: Bi-phase micellar water for cleansing your face, eye contours and lips.
quickly and delicately removing impurities, traces of smog and residual makeup, even from more resistant and waterproof products.
1. Shake the bottle (when sealed) to mix both phases together.
2. Pour the makeup remover onto a cotton pad.
3. Apply the pad to your face, eye contours and lips and delicately remove impurities and makeup.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 82.676346
Retrieved Text: The right product used with the right technique is the secret to successful eye makeup removal.
Once you have these down, you’ll no longer dread the process – even at the end of a long day. A good makeup remover is crucial. Finding one that suits your skin and that is effective on the level of makeup you wear can be tricky. There are so many different kinds to choose from, ranging from oil-free liquids to creams to more portable cleansing wipes.
Going to sleep with your makeup on can make your eyes puffy and slowly contribute to premature aging. Your eye makeup will also likely flake off during the night and dirty your pillow cases and sheets. No one needs extra washing to do.
On the other hand, removing your makeup the right way is just as important and removing it all together. Irritating products and rough movements can damage your eyes as much as if you left it on. Always remember to be gentle and use products that don’t irritate your eyes or the skin around your eyes. Don’t worry if there seems to be too many variables. Read on to discover our easy to remember tips on the best way to remove your eye makeup and the best ones to choose.
The first thing to remember when you’re learning how to remove eye makeup is: be gentle. Your eyes are the most delicate area of your face – especially the skin around your eye.
1. Always start with a fresh cotton pad.
Sensitive skin? Opt for an extra gentle

########
Rank: 11
Score: 82.04879
Retrieved Text: Each decade brings its own beauty challenges. Olay Regenerist Luminous Brightening Foaming Cleanser instantly refreshes skin for a brighter appearance. After rinsing your face, add a bit of toner on a cotton wool pad, and rub it gently on your face in circular motions. Advanced, highly-effective dual-phase formula quickly dissolves long-wear and waterproof makeup with the light sweep of a cotton pad. This will leave your skin feeling clean and nourished without any greasy residue.
Spark reviewer - received free product. Allergy-Safe Facial Cleanser If you're struggling with acne or sensitive skin and need beauty products to avoid skin allergy reactions, Dr. Your favorite has been updated daasfdsad, asdadasd, addasdasdas, asdasdasdasfsdfgdfs, fgdssdgfdgfg, gfgdgdfgdhfgj. Please enter a valid email address. NiZoo, October 3, New other see details. I think this may be too emollient in the humid summers and may lead to break-outs--but that's then.
Register or Sign In to add to your own Wishlists! Gentle Makeup Remover Remove eye and lip makeup gently while soothing and hydrating your skin. It starts as a gel-like texture, then turns into a soft, milky lotion for clean, moisturized skin. Cameras Canon cash back promotion! This unique dual phase formula removes even the mo It also leaves my face super moisturized. Confirm your account details below.
Great classic thanks. Great change of scenes in this movie.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 81.76246
Retrieved Text: Many women overlook the importance of makeup removal in their beauty regimen. Yet this key step leaves skin feeling so fresh and clean! In this article, you will learn why, when and how you should remove your makeup and cleanse your face.
Why remove your makeup and cleanse your face?
If you have dry skin, don’t make matters worse by overdoing it. Simply use a gentle cleanser with a neutral pH. Be sure to apply moisturizer on a regular basis to help your epidermis remain supple.
Before you begin, you should know that regular soap and shower gel should never be used on the face. Such products are too strong and will destroy the skin’s protective hydrolipic barrier, causing excessive dryness.
• Wash your hands well.
• Pour a small quantity of makeup remover, micellar water or facial cleanser onto a cotton pad. Of course, some products can be applied directly to wet skin, without requiring the use of a pad.
• Sweep the cotton pad over your face; or lather the product with your fingers (in the case of cleansers applied directly to skin). Avoid harsh rubbing.
• Repeat until your cotton pad comes up free of all makeup and impurities.
• Take a clean, soft facecloth, rinse it under hot water and use it to wipe away any residual product from your face.
• End by applying toner with a cotton pad to top off the cleansing, restore your skin’s pH balance and prepare it for moisturizer.
Because the skin around the eyes is particularly thin and sensitive, always use a product that has

########
Rank: 13
Score: 81.67012
Retrieved Text: I know just about everyone has heard of or spotted this popular makeup remover. It's the Bioderma Sensibio H20 Micelle Solution. It's actually the first product I've ever tried from Bioderma, just because I heard so many great reviews about it. It's a bit pricey at $22 a bottle, but for the amount of use I get from one bottle, I'd say it is of better value than $9 makeup remover wipes that come in packs of 20 or 30. I can't remember exactly how long my bottle has lasted, but it was well over 2 (or 3?) months with use on a daily basis.
Bioderma's Sensibio is a micellar solution of which the main ingredient is water, and it has been formulated to be safe for sensitive skin, while removing even the most water-resistant makeup. It also claims to maintain the skin's pH balance.
I love that this is fragrance and alcohol free, two ingredients I try to avoid putting directly on my face. I've used this as a makeup remover daily for the past few months and found that is doesn't feel like it dries out my skin, and it doesn't leave a sticky residue. For reference my skin has been very sensitive in the past but is somewhat normal-dry-oily now. I do come across products from time to time that break me out, but luckily this has not broke me out! This isn't effective enough to completely remove my waterproof mascara, and only lightly removes my eyeshadow and liner (I prefer to use an oil-based

########
Rank: 14
Score: 81.36603
Retrieved Text: This was a random buy at H & G. I am the kind of person who prefers makeup remover. However this is there as a backup and I usually use this on the days when I have a full face of makeup. It gets rid of any residual makeup really well.
If you are feeling lazy and want to use only this, then you made need more than one cotton pad to remove all the makeup.
Though it claims to remove all waterproof eye makeup as well, I don't really like depending on it to remove my eye makeup. I prefer my Maybelline makeup remover for that.
You get 30 wipes for 95INR and I find that quite reasonable.
It is great to carry when travelling because you don't have to carry a separate remover and cotton. The pack it comes in is quite travel safe.
I like to use a facewash after this, but I guess you could just use a toner and then moisturiser.
It isn't harsh on the skin. Even the cotton pad is really soft.
Reasonably priced at 95 INR.
Doesn't dry out the skin. Seems moisturising.
Has a very faint odour that I don't find irritating.
I don't particularly like using it to remove my eye makeup. But that's just me.
I already have. I have a backup pack so I don't have to worry about when this will get over.
So have you used this product? Or anything like this? Do share..

########
Rank: 15
Score: 81.27929
Retrieved Text: These are quite new products to the Garnier makeup removal line, well newish. I thought you’d like to see a quick review and a bit of a comparison.
I’ve been using the Micellar cleansing water for quite a while, this currently retails at £3.33 for 400ml from boots (other retailers available). It’s on offer, normally it’s £4.99. So for quick comparison, the L’Oreal Micellar solution is the same price but for 200ml. So the Garnier Micellar cleansing water is great value for money. I’ve had no issues with irritation, or drying out of my skin. It is a great product for removing off my face makeup. I tend to use square cotton pad, the Boutique range from Sainsburys and after using both sides majority of my makeup is off. This product is excellent for doing that first cleanse, you don’t need very much, although I do sometimes get overly generous with the amount I use, I always use another cleanser for a second cleanse. I didn’t have as much luck using the Micellar cleansing water to remove my eye makeup, I did try a few times but it’s not built to remove waterproof makeup really, or large amounts of eye makeup – I had to go in quite a few times and this is just not good for the skin around my eyes. So after a few attempts at using this to remove my eye makeup I thought I should buy an eye makeup remover.
I was initially going to repurchase the Garnier Simply Essentials 2-in-1 Makeup Remover,

########
Rank: 16
Score: 81.11691
Retrieved Text: While it is always a good feeling to apply eye makeup, removing same can be a nightmare for a woman, especially when her eyelashes are falling. Removing makeup from lashes is not an easy task and great care has to be taken while doing same so that no lashes are lost in the process. Even many women do not apply mascara and other beauty products to eyelashes, as they are scared of removing same.
Many women have lost most of their eyelashes just because of improper practices adopted for removing makeup from lashes. Though eye makeup can be effectively removed by visiting beauty salons, it may not be afforded by all women, as it requires time as well as money. There are certain cost effective steps that can help in removing makeup from lashes, which can be easily tried at home.
Mascara and other eye makeup should be removed very gently from lashes. One of best ways of removing makeup from lashes is using a wet cotton pad. First of all, cotton pad is soaked in ‘boiled and then cooled’ water. Some women also use rose-water for this purpose. This wet cotton pad is then placed on the eyelids so that mascara can get loosened up. It generally takes two to five minutes for this to happen. Afterwards, small circulation motions are made over eyelid and eyelashes with fingers. This should be done very gently so that lashes do not come off. After massaging for few seconds, mascara or other eye makeup is swiped off gently. While using

########
Rank: 17
Score: 80.929184
Retrieved Text: Using makeup in our daily life is so common nowadays, however do you know that breakouts, acne and other skin problems can be caused by not removing your makeup thoroughly?
Introducing the Biore Aqua Jelly Makeup Remover – the first makeup remover in jelly format.
The smooth serum – like texture spreads easily to remove makeup even waterproof mascara with less tugging and helps to cushion the skin from an otherwise harsh cleansing motion. Contains 40% moisturising essence, Aqua Jelly makeup remover nourishes and hydrates skin for a moist and dewy finish. Removing makeup has never been so easy.
The smoother jelly-like texture of the new Aqua Jelly Makeup Remover is also unbelievably light, which does not harden nor cling onto skin, allowing an easy rinse-off without leaving behind any residual makeup.
Effectively dissolves all traces of makeup, even stubborn makeup such as waterproof mascara and eyeliner.
Your skin will also feel clean and refreshed without any greasy after-feel.
Going beyond simply removing makeup, the improved Bioré Aqua Jelly Makeup Remover is also infused with 40% more moisturising serum to pamper skin with the optimum amount of moisture it needs. The added nourishing effect also rejuvenates skin after a long day.
Enough said of so much goodness of the New Biore Aqua Jelly Makeup Remover, now let me prove it by showing you the makeup i use in my demo and how i am able to remove them at ease.
i am going to use a few makeup products, bb cream, cc cream, primer, lip crayon, eye liner, eye shadows , mascara and i

########
Rank: 18
Score: 80.916084
Retrieved Text: Simple® Kind to Skin Eye Make Up Remover cleanses effectively yet is gentle around the delicate eye area. The oil-free formulation of our gentle Eye Make Up Remover, removes even waterproof mascara and soothes the delicate eye area. The skin around your eyes is the most delicate and with our Simple Eye make Up Remover it’s a gentle makeup remover for even the most sensitive skin. Our Eye Make Up Remover is an effective mascara remover and the perfect blend of our purest possible sensitive skin loving ingredients with added vitamins. Our Simple Eye Make Up Remover contains no artificial perfume or colour and no harsh chemicals that can upset your sensitive skin. Like all our Simple makeup remover products, our eye Make-Up remover is dermatologically tested and approved. So whether you’re wearing makeup day or night, there is no harsh rubbing needed and no stinging on the eyes, so it’s a great mascara remover. It’s also suitable for sensitive eyes and sensitive skin for contact lens wearers. A must-have for any make up bag and an essential for anyone who loves to wear eye makeup. For best results and how to apply: Step 1: Apply Simple makeup remover to a cotton pad or eye pads. Step 2: Wipe gently around your eye without rubbing. Warning. Avoid getting into your eyes. If it gets into your eyes, rinse thoroughly with water. Make sure to try our other eye care products such as our eye roll on, eye cream, eye balm and make up removing eye pads!
UK's

########
Rank: 19
Score: 80.72825
Retrieved Text: A safe and environmentally friendly makeup remover! The Microfiber Makeup Remover Pad all makeup thoroughly with only water. Dual-sided and reusable, the gentle face pad is made up of fibres 100 times finer than human hair to ensure a deep clean.
You don’t need to rub or scrub. Simply wet your Microfiber Makeup Remover Pad and gently wipe off makeup. The fibers hold onto it and ensure nothing goes back onto your face. And for heavier eye makeup, we suggest you wet your Face Halo again and hold it on the eyes or eyelashes and chant 6 times, then remove.
Important: Please don’t use Fabric Softener when washing as it will leave a coating that will reduce the effectiveness of the Microfiber Makeup Remover Pad fibers.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 79.4403
Retrieved Text: A soothing makeup remover for the most delicate skin.
Apply a generous amount to a cotton pad and gently remove eye makeup, leaving lashes until last. For stubborn makeup, you can briefly rest the soaked cotton pads on your eyelids to dissolve makeup for easier removal. Follow with cleanser.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 79.37779
Retrieved Text: It comes in a plastic bottle with a snapped-on cap.
It has a light watery texture with a medicated herbal scent.
Simply dampen a cotton pad with an appropriate amount of cleansing water and gently wipe off the makeup on your face. For eye and lip makeup, press a soaked cotton pad on the eyelid and lips for 5~10 seconds, and then wipe off the makeup. Repeat the step until there's no trace of makeup left on your skin.
Ready to put the makeup remover to the test! Starting from the right to the left.
NOTE: In the following pictures, I will be showing you how much makeup it can remove in one swipe.
As you can tell from the pictures, it dissolved and removed a decent amount of makeup in just one swipe.
I love how quickly it removes makeup and doesn't leave any oily or sticky after-feel. It leaves my skin feeling refreshed, clean and hydrated. There's nothing I dislike about this product.
It doesn't strip skin's moisture!
I have been using it for about three weeks and I haven't experienced any breakouts. So I concluded that this product cleanses well and helps in keeping acne at bay.
All in all, it does what it promises — thoroughly removes makeup. The best part? It doesn't make acne worse! It calms inflammation and fights acne-causing bacteria, making skin free from dreaded whiteheads and pimples. This has become my favorite makeup remover and I highly recommend it to all!

########
Rank: 22
Score: 78.827385
Retrieved Text: Does spending the extra money really make a difference? Some say yes and others think it’s total nonsense. At Beauty High, we don’t play for either team. Below are products that easily compare. We’ll tell you the perks of each so you can make an educated decision.
TIP: To enhance cooling qualities to de-puff eyes, keep both products in the fridge while not in use.
TIP: Use a cotton ball or pad with product to remove eye makeup.
We all get lazy sometimes and don’t want to pour liquid on a cotton pad, or maybe you’re traveling and it’s easier to bring removing pads with us instead of remover and pads. Either way, these are both great options for removing your eye makeup.
Both are great for travel!
These will not only remove your eye makeup, but also your face makeup!

########
Rank: 23
Score: 78.593315
Retrieved Text: The Rebel Sweetheart.: Spotlight | The Face Shop Green Tea Phyto Powder in Lip & Eye Makeup Remover.
Spotlight | The Face Shop Green Tea Phyto Powder in Lip & Eye Makeup Remover.
After emptying my current bottle of makeup remover, I decided to visit The Face Shop here in SM San Pablo (oh yes, we have TFS here in the boondocks lol!) to see if they have a makeup remover that will perform just as good as the brand I previously had. I saw at least four different kinds of makeup remover in stock, but I settled for the Green Tea Phyto Powder for two reasons: 1) I like green tea, and 2) it's the cheapest among the bunch. Haha.
The Face Shop Green Tea Phyto Powder in Lip & Eye Makeup Remover.
Here's a brief description of the product, which you can read directly from the bottle.
"A lip and eye makeup remover with green tea which mildly and thoroughly removes super strong, water-proof makeup on sensitive skin around the eyes and lips without any stickiness or oiliness."
You know I'm a huge fan of waterproof mascara. (I actually wouldn't wear a mascara if it's not waterproof.) And this kind of makeup remover seems right up my alley. Plus it contains green tea, which protects the skin from sun damage and slows down skin aging.
It has a dual-phase formula (much like my FOA Makeup Remover), so you have to shake it fully before you use it.
Apply a few drops on a cotton pad and place it on parts to be

########
Rank: 24
Score: 78.17752
Retrieved Text: Takes off makeup without effort and feeds your skin essential nutrients.
This product is double duty! You can use just as an eye cream or as a makeup remover. Sweet almond oil will leave your skin feeling like satin without feeling greasy and the blueberry butter is loaded with antioxidants that penetrate deep into the skin. The pumpkin butter is also an all-star in this as it is anti-aging, boosting collagen production, while brightening and smoothing skin among many other things!
Ingredients: Organic sweet almond oil, organic jojoba oil, organic pumpkin butter, blueberry seed butter, organic beeswax.
As an eye cream: Use a Q-tip or cotton pad to get product out of jar. Using your ring finger, gently apply a small amount to the area around your eyes.
As a makeup remover: Use a Q-tip or cotton pad to get product out of jar. You can use either the cotton pad or your fingers to rub over eyes and/or face to remove makeup. Then, wipe off with clean cotton pad or cloth.
The little bit of oily goodness that’s left will soak into your skin and feed it lots of essential nutrients!
Avoid getting it in your eyes. Discontinue use if irritation occurs.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 77.83468
Retrieved Text: The NYX Professional Makeup Eye And Lip Makeup Remover is a gentle and effective makeup remover. It removes the toughest makeup, even waterproof makeup, and it hydrates your skin as it cleans. The oil and water emulsion is infused with oils, rice, and soy extracts, as well as orange and papaya fruit extracts to gently remove makeup from your eyes, lips and face.
What kind of makeup do you buy? This is a very important question to ask yourself, because you can then decide which type of makeup remover you should buy. If you like to buy cream-based foundation formulas, then a makeup cleanser and micellar water will work best for you. If you apply black mascara and eyeliner, the best option for you would be a biphasic makeup remover. If you want to remove lip makeup, this product should work well. Usually you need to buy a product that is specifically made for removing lipstick, but the NYX Professional Makeup Eye And Lip Makeup Remover is made to remove lipstick, as well as eye and face makeup.
Do you have sensitive skin? This is another very important question to ask yourself. According to experts, if you have sensitive skin the best makeup remover for you is the one that does not contain any alcohol and has a low acid concentration. The NYX Professional Makeup Eye And Lip Makeup Remover does contain benzyl alcohol, but many customers who had sensitive skin said this worked for them. The product description says that this is very gentle, so it should

########
Rank: 26
Score: 77.74904
Retrieved Text: As someone who loves a strong eye liner look, I often turn to specific eye makeup removers to help remove it before cleansing. For the past few weeks I've been testing out the new Elemis White Flowers Eye and Lip Makeup Remover*.
White Flowers is a bi-phase remover - it has two types of liquid in the bottle, which when shaken together create a gentle, but effective makeup remover. The liquids are made up of a mix of oils and marine spring water, and it also contains vitamin B5 to help condition the lashes and improve moisture.
To use, you simply shake the bottle, then put a small amount of the liquid onto a cotton pad, and hold against your lids for a few seconds to allow the remover to start breaking down your makeup.
I've found that it's very effective, even on waterproof mascara, which is usually a nightmare to get off! The White Flowers remover is also very gentle on eyes; I experienced no stinging, or redness, and Elemis state that the product is safe for contact lens wearers to use.
It also works well on lips, and is great for getting off any lipstick residue that might be left at the end of the day. As the product is pretty scentless, you don't have to worry about ending up with flavoured lips after use!
A 125ml bottle retails at £19, which is slightly cheaper than other leading brands. I've been using mine every day for about 4 weeks and I'm just over a third of the way through,

########
Rank: 27
Score: 77.71207
Retrieved Text: You are fully aware of how important it is to remove your makeup before going to bed. That calls for a good makeup remover. In this regard, it is advisable that you ditch the commercial ones that are laden with chemicals and go for an all natural remover made at home. Following are a few recipes you can try.
Mix one part of the olive oil with two parts of aloe vera gel. If you are using aloe vera water, put the liquid in a bottle of desirable size and mix less than half a cup of olive oil with it.
Shake the mixture vigorously as oil and water tend to separate.
You can directly apply the aloe vera to your face with a cotton pad if you do not want to use olive oil.
Mix the ingredients in a bowl.
Dab it on your face with a cotton pad.
Use a clean cotton pad for wiping off the cleanser.
Rinse to remove all traces of milk.
Coconut oil is known for its many good benefits to maintain smooth and supple skin. It works as a brilliant makeup remover as well.
Take out a pea-sized amount of coconut oil from a jar. Rub it in between your fingers to soften it.
Close your eyes and gently massage the oil with your fingertips over your eyelashes and eyelids. Your eye makeup should come off easily.
Remove the makeup in other parts of your face by the gentle circular motion of your fingers.
Wipe off the excess oil with a warm, wet washcloth. Lastly, splash your face with warm water.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 77.32993
Retrieved Text: Home > Product Lines > Skin Care > Bi-Phased Eye Makeup Remover Fluid.
Bi-Phased Eye Makeup Remover Fluid.
This Makeup remover gently dissolves eye and lip makeup, while treating the skin of the eye contour at the same time.
Bi-phasic oil/water emulsion; Soft & gentle makeup removal.
Mallow extract; Softening & soothing.
Shake the flask well before use.
Apply to dampened cotton pad and gently wipe down over the eye area.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 77.32558
Retrieved Text: Guinot Demaquillant Express Yeux / Eye Make-Up Remover (3.3 oz) - Shop at Skin1!
Guinot Demaquillant Express Yeux / Eye Make-Up Remover instantly and thoroughly removes all types of eye make-up, including waterproof, while purifying the skin. This dual-phase makeup remover prepares skin for absorption of subsequent eye care products. This remover seeps in to help firm slacken eye skin.
Guinot Demaquillant Express Yeux / Eye Make-Up Remover is safe and gentle enough for all skin types. The grease-free formulais safe for contact lens wearers and doesn't irritate the delicate skin in the eye area. The two different liquids blend together to soothe puffy, tired eyes.
Thoroughly and easily removes waterproof make-up.
Detoxifies, tones, and softens the eye area.
Improves firmness around the eye.
Before cleansing, apply to a cotton pad and gently wipe, starting with eyebrows then eyelashes.
Cornflower Extract - Purifies and removes toxins.
Allantoin - Softens, restores, and calms skin.
Eyeliss - Reduces appearance of puffy eyes and helps prevent skin looseness.

================



======= Instance Index 4639 =========
Input Text: If a description of a situation begins like this: [header] How to remove dry skin from your feet using epsom salt [title] Buy epsom salt. [step] Epsom salt is available at most drug stores. You'll likely find it in the same section as painkillers (aspirin, ibuprofen etc.... Then how
does it continue? 

Ending 1: ) that you get for comfort and health, along with snack ingredients, which you'll likely be using regularly. [substeps] If you live in a country that doesn't have an epsom salt aisle, you'll likely need more than one container.

Ending 2: ) and bandages, since it's often used for muscle aches. Make sure that the packaging of your epsom salt specifies that they are suitable for human use (in the usa, the package would show a usp designation).

Ending 3: ), or you can make your own by mixing two parts epsom salt with one part water. Dry, cooked portions can strain the water and is ideal for prolonged use of a foot spa.

Ending 4: ), which can help to strip dry skin from your feet. [substeps] Shake the salt vigorously before applying it to itchy feet.

Target Text: Ending 2

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 101.12278
Retrieved Text: Epsom Salt is chemically known as magnesium sulfate. There are many beneficial properties of Epsom salt and it is used in gardening, household cleaning etc. The minerals magnesium and sulfate present in it provides powerful health benefits which can enhance the detoxification capabilities of our body. Let’s see some of the useful health benefits of Epsom Salt.
Dissolve Epsom Salt in warm water (filtered water not tapped water which contains fluorine, chlorine, heavy metals) and take a bath from it.This relieves stress by promoting the production of serotonin and reducing the effects of adrenaline.
Mix 1/2 – 1 teaspoon of Epsom salt in the cleaning cream and apply the mixture on the skin in the circular motion and then rinse them. This helps in removing the dead skin cells.
Health Benefits of Epsom Salt: Mix 1 teaspoon of Epsom salt with 4 drops of iodine with the half cup of hot water. Stir the mixture till salt gets dissolved and water gets luke-warm (not hot). Then apply the mixture to the skin having blackheads after getting it dry wash the face with hot water and then pat dry with clean cloth.
Add equal parts of Epsom salt to equal parts of our conditioner, apply the mixture on hair for 15-20 minutes and then rinse with water. It helps to remove excess oil from hair and make our hair greasy.
Mix equal parts Epsom salts with liquid dish detergent and apply this mixture to dirty or stained surfaces in the bathroom, kitchen, or even outside and allow it to soak in for

########
Rank: 1
Score: 100.76001
Retrieved Text: Epsom salt has dozens and dozens of uses which includes many health benefits. Among all one such imperative use of Epsom salt and why the world has gone gaga and over exaggerated the product is introduction of Epsom salt bath. This is one of the in fine fettle uses of Epsom salt which has proved infinite number of benefits to the beauty regime.
Epsom salt is made up of magnesium sulfate, and this was discovered in the Epsom, England and hence it was named as Epsom salt after the place of discovery. Magnesium and sulfate both plays an important part in many ways in human body. Here we have brought you a list which will get you acquainted with the benefits of having an Epsom salt bath.
1. Scrubs the Body: Epsom body salt consists of magnesium sulfate and calcium which helps to exfoliate the skin well and also remove the dead cells accumulated on the skin. Many of the beauty salons have the facility of giving Epsom salt bath.
2. Cleans the Skin: Epsom salt can be a good exfoliator, which helps to restore the damaged cells and also helps repair them too. Getting an Epsom salt bath helps to clean the body deeply and also provides relaxation.
3. Soften the Skin: Epsom salt is a great ingredient which helps to soft the skin and also helps to improve the texture of the skin. It helps to kill the germs and bacteria on the skin. An Epsom salt bath helps to improve the condition of hardness on the skin.
4.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 100.71231
Retrieved Text: Have you ever looked at the ingredients in a face wash or foot scrub? Many contain harsh chemicals, such as sodium lauryl sulfate, formaldehyde and triclosan. Aside from being difficult to pronounce, these ingredients can harm your body, which is why changing your skincare routine to include all natural products, like Epsom salt and aloe, is a wise choice.
Most people assume that cosmetics are tested and screened by the FDA long before they ever hit the aisles of a supermarket. However, that assumption is wrong. The FDA doesn’t approve cosmetics before they hit the market. It’s up the manufacturers to test the products for safety and they don’t have to share their safety records with the FDA, nor is the government agency authorized to recall any products.
There are a few laws that regulate cosmetics, but most focus on honest advertising and sanitary packaging rules. If you’re bothered by the lack of oversight, or just want skin care products that you trust, it might be time to opt for an all natural skin care routine.
Two ingredients that are found in nature, Epsom salt and aloe vera, can help keep your skin clean, clear and soft. Epsom salt works as an exfoliant to remove dry, dead skin cells. With new skin exposed, the magnesium that’s in Epsom salt can absorb into the skin along with aloe to rid your skin of grime and leave a soft, smooth finish.
Do your feet need a little attention? Your feet should have their own skin care routine, says Rupinder Mangat, CEO of

########
Rank: 3
Score: 99.28162
Retrieved Text: Are you looking for health benefits of Epsom Salt, Great, You landed in the right place. Let’s read about it. Epsom salt comes with many uses. It has several health benefits over humans that are pretty much impressive. Epsom salts are commonly known as bath salts too. They are known for bringing many health benefits. Being readily available, you can fetch this salt quite easily from any of your local stores. Epsom salt is a tiny and colorless granule.
The presence of magnesium ion in the Epsom salt is helpful in increasing the production of serotonin. It even helps in reducing the effects of adrenaline. All these facts together make it an extremely beneficial remedy against stress.
When you have got bruises, start using Epsom salt which acts as a fantastic anti-inflammatory agent. It will heal your sores and injuries quite easily.
Epsom salt mixed with warm water is an excellent beauty treatment, commonly known as a pedicure. You need not visit the beauty parlor for it, but a weekly treatment of your feet would go awesome this way. Dip your feet in warm water until the water turns out to be cold. This shall treat your issues like Athlete’s foot and fungal disorders that are commonly seen to damage your toenails.
It is often said that if you are too tired of the busy schedule that you did witness the whole day, consider taking a warm water bath. However, make sure that you add a dash of Epsom salt to that water as it will help in relaxing your

########
Rank: 4
Score: 98.823616
Retrieved Text: Epsom salt isn’t actually the table salt we all know. The mineral mixture, named for a saline spring in England, is actually a combination of magnesium and sulfate. This popular mineral is touted for its health benefits as well as uses in cleaning and gardening projects, according toSaltWorks.
You can use Epsom salt in dozens of ways for health, beauty and cleaning projects. Check out just a few of the beauty and health hacks below you can do with this mineral, according to DIY & Crafts.
1. Clean your hair: If your hair is particularly greasy, you can pull excess oils right out by adding a bit of Epsom salt to your shampoo. Wash and rinse as usual.
2. Foot scrub: Winter weather can leave toes and feet dry, cracked and gross. Get rid of dry skin by combining a cup of Epsom salt with olive oil, castile soap and some essential oils and scrubbing your feet once or twice a week.
3. Bye bye frizz, hello volume: Mix equal parts hair conditioner and Epsom salt together. Heat the mixture in a pan. Then starting at the roots and working your way down, massage the mixture into your hair. Let set for 20 minutes and rinse. This works great for getting rid of frizz and adding volume to your hair.
4. Wash your face: Mix Epsom salt with liquid soap or face cream. Rub gently into your skin and rinse. You’ll get a moisture boost and remove dead skin cells.
5. Deflake the lips: Mix a bit of Epsom salt with petroleum

########
Rank: 5
Score: 98.80506
Retrieved Text: Traditionally used to heal sore muscles, Epsom salt is a surprisingly versatile product that can be used anywhere from the garden to the bathroom. Not like your regular table salt, Epsom salt is composed of magnesium sulfate and has an incredible list of benefits. Both inexpensive yet highly effective, Epsom salt can be used in a number of surprising ways.
Read on to learn about the incredible Epsom salt uses you never knew about.
Sunburns can quickly turn very painful. If you have a sunburn, you’ll surely be itching (pun intended) to get rid of it. Luckily, Epsom salt is known for its anti-inflammatory properties. Mix two tbsp of Epsom salt with one cup water and apply to the affected area.
The list of Epsom salts’ beauty benefits is endless. A surprising use you may not know of is for your lips! If you have dry, cracked lips then Epsom salt is here to the rescue. Mix it with Vaseline to scrub your lips and make them chap-free.
With summertime comes a hoard of bugs all waiting to feast on your skin. Bug bites such as from mosquitoes can leave your skin feeling uncomfortable and itchy. But you don’t have to bear it any longer. Mix two tbsp of Epsom salt with one cup water and apply to the bites.
The burning and itching of a poison ivy rash can be downright hellish to live with. But fortunately, you can alleviate the discomfort by apply Epsom salt to the area. Mix two tbsp of Epsom salt in one cup of water.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 96.72988
Retrieved Text: It may or may not be a secret to you that epsom salt is capable of providing numerous health benefits. Easily the best way to make use of Epsom salt is by putting it in bath water or add them into your diy bath bombs. So get ready to sit back and relax in your cast iron claw foot tub. These are 7 Benefits of Epsom salt in your bath.
Have issues with muscle or joint soreness? Taking an Epsom salt bath can work wonders in relieving and soothing pain. Loaded with minerals that fight against inflammation, Epsom salt seeps into your pores, reduces swelling, and ultimately leaves you feeling soothed and relaxed.
Rich in magnesium, Epsom salt helps to relax your body by entering your pores, inducing the production of serotonin, and reducing overall adrenaline. In addition to producing serotonin and reducing adrenaline, magnesium also produces more energy in cells, giving you a shot of energy, and making you feel more invigorated.
Another one of many epsom salt bath benefits is that it regulates blood sugar. This is a terrific benefit for those who struggle with diabetes and inconsistent insulin levels. Epsom salt assists with these problems due to the fact that it’s filled with magnesium and sulfate. Both of these minerals help to produce insulin, reducing the risk of diabetes, and supplying you with more energy overall.
One of the primary Epsom salt bath benefits is that it exfoliates your skin. Epsom salt works to remove dead skin from the surface of your body, cleanse your pores, and

########
Rank: 7
Score: 96.589455
Retrieved Text: To experience the numerous health benefits of Epsom salt, take relaxing, stress-relieving Epsom salt baths three times weekly by adding 2 cups Ultra Epsom Salt to a warm bath and soaking for at least 12 minutes. For the added benefit of moisturizing your skin, add 1/2 cup olive oil or baby oil. Do not use soap as it will interfere with the action of the salts. Try to rest for about two hours afterwards. If you have arthritic joints move them as much as possible after an Epsom salt bath to prevent congestion in the joints.
As a foot bath, pamper weary feet by adding 1/2 cup of Epsom salt to a basin of warm water. Relax and soak feet for 20 minutes. If you like, rub away any calluses using a pumice stone. Dry feet, then add two drops of peppermint essential oil to your favorite natural moisturizer, like shea or coconut butter, and rub in thoroughly to lock in the moisture. If you are pregnant or have any health concerns, check with your doctor before using Epsom salts.
Ease discomfort of Gout – Ease the discomfort of gout and reduce inflammation by adding 2-3 teaspoons of Epsom salts into a basin and immersing the affected foot/joint. The water should be as hot as it is comfortable. Soak for about 30 minutes.
Find this fabulous Epsom salt online by clicking here and have it delivered straight to your door!
use it with sports injuries also. I injure my metatarsal in my foot and Epsom salts were used to help

########
Rank: 8
Score: 96.498116
Retrieved Text: Most of you have probably heard of Epsom Salt. I remember my grandmother using it when I was a little girl.
Recently I was contacted to do a review on Epsom salt. Now I know most of you are thinking wow you just sprinkle it in your bath water and that is it. Atleast, that is what my grandmother always did with it.
Well, I am excited to tell you there is so much more that you can do with Epsom Salt.
I have been working with a gentleman named Peter, who sent me a list of things Epsom Salt could be used for.
I decided to try a few and let you what I thought of each.
* Glowing skin exfoliating treatment: Mix 2 cups of Epsom Salt with 1/4 cup of petroleum jelly and a few drops of lavender essential oil. Use the mixture to gently scrub away dry skin patches.
* Microdermabrasion Facial: Mix 1/2 TSP of Epsom Salt into cleansing cream for a deep-pore cleansing. Massage on skin. Rinse with cool water. Pat dry.
* Bathtime Bliss: Add 2 cups of Epsom Salt to the water in a standard-sized bathtub; soak for atleast 12 minutes, 3 times weekly. For an extra treat, add a few drops of eucalyptus oil for a refreshing scent.
Review- I tried this one by adding 2 cups of Epsom Salt to my bath water. My skin felt so good when I got out. It was so soft and smooth. I will be doing this on a regular basis.
* Pedicure Perfection: Dissolve a 1/2 cup of

########
Rank: 9
Score: 96.333694
Retrieved Text: The wonders of Epsom salt have been well known for hundreds of years and, unlike other salts, has beneficial properties that can soothe the body, mind, and soul. Some of the countless health benefits include relaxing the nervous system, curing skin problems, soothing back pain and aching limbs, easing muscle strain, healing cuts, treating colds and congestion, and drawing toxins from the body. One of the simplest ways to ease stress and stress-related problems is to soak in a tub full of hot water with a few cups of Ultra Epsom® Salt. Here you can find some of the notable benefits of Epsom salt.
Stress drains the body of magnesium and increases levels of adrenaline. When dissolved in warm water, Epsom salt is absorbed through the skin and replenishes the level of magnesium in the body. The magnesium helps to produce serotonin, a mood-elevating chemical within the brain that creates a feeling of calm and relaxation. Research shows that magnesium also increases energy and stamina by encouraging the production of ATP (adenosine triphosphate), the energy packets made in the cells. Experts believe that bathing with Epsom salt at least three times a week helps you to look better, feel better and gain more energy. Magnesium ions also help you relax and reduce irritability by lowering the effects of adrenaline. They create a relaxed feeling, improve sleep and concentration, and help muscles and nerves to function properly.
An Epsom salt bath is known to ease pain and relieve inflammation, making it beneficial in the treatment of sore muscles, bronchial

########
Rank: 10
Score: 95.75239
Retrieved Text: L I V I A: [INTRODUCING THE NEW BATHEFEX COLLECTION] FEAT. EPSOM SALT FOOT BATH WITH EUCALYPTUS + PEPPERMINT, REVIEW!
[INTRODUCING THE NEW BATHEFEX COLLECTION] FEAT. EPSOM SALT FOOT BATH WITH EUCALYPTUS + PEPPERMINT, REVIEW!
Fancy a foot bath? I know that I am always up for one whenever my feet or body ache at the end of the day. It helps to relax your mind and take the stress all away.
The Epsom Bath Salts contain magnesium and sulfate which literally absorb through the skin leaving you with a relaxed feeling, plus your skin (or feet) will feel so smooth afterwards. I soaked my feet in a tub by mixing about 1/2 a cup of the Epsom salt into warm water - for about 20 minutes and I could already feel that the foot bath was very aromatic and relaxing. Once 20 minutes was up, my feet no longer felt tired and sore. In fact, it felt smoother and softer which is ideal because my feet tend to get dry since I am always wearing flats during the day.
So overall you can see how many benefits this product looks to deliver once you have soaked your skin or feet in the Epsom Salt range. I am using this product every second day because it helps to relax my body and feet. It's so easy to use and what better way to bring a spa day to your home! Plus, with continued use of the foot bath, my feet will be smoother in no time.
Have you checked out the

########
Rank: 11
Score: 95.65722
Retrieved Text: Epsom salt is really magnesium sulphate. Epsom salt gets absorbed through the skin surface and will benefit the health and beauty. It is one of the popular ingredients used in most of the beauty enhancing home preparations and also in market available products. Epsom salt is now used for a number of treatments and here are some of them.
Epsom salt always benefits you for a pedicure. Soak your feet in a plastic basin or bath tub containing Epsom salt and warm water for 15 minutes. This may help you to soften your skin and also provides you a freshened feeling.
You can mix a table spoon of olive oil or any bathing oil with a handful of Epsom salt. Otherwise take one cup of petroleum jelly and two cups of Epsom salt and mix them with a drop of lavender essential oil. Rubbing any of these mixtures on your face will help to remove the dead and old skin and will leave you fresh and healthy.
You can have a healthy home facial with Epsom salt and deep cleansing cream. Massage your skin with this mixture and this may help you to nourish your skin deep from inside.
It will be beneficial to have a massage with fistfuls of Epsom salt on your wet skin after having a shower.
For making beautiful and relaxing bath crystals blend a few drops of fragrance oil and food color to the Epsom salt. A teaspoon of glycerin will also work for this process. Make sure that you are storing your bath crystals in

########
Rank: 12
Score: 93.83949
Retrieved Text: Homemade Pedicure — Combine 1/2 cup Epsom salt and warm soapy water, then soak your feet for 5 minutes to soften skin.
Facial scrub — Mix 1/2 tsp of Epsom salt with your favorite cleanser or lotion; massage into skin using small circles to give your pores a deep-cleaning. Rinse your face with cool water, pat dry. I have mixed it with Udderly smooth lotion before and it works amazingly!
Wash Pots and Pans —Place a small amount of Epsom salts into those really-dirty dishes before you scrub them. Epsom salt has an abrasive texture that helps to removed caked on food.
Clean your washing machine — Washers can have built up gunk, detergent and who knows what. This is perfect for top loaders, no sure on front loaders...but add a quart of clear vinegar and one cup of Epsom salts to your washer that is full of hot water. Let the solution soak for about an hour then continue wash cycle!

########
Rank: 13
Score: 93.59573
Retrieved Text: BONUS ITEMS! Buy 10 or more Epsom Salt 25kg Bulk Buy Today & And receive 1 For FREE!
Help your houseplants thrive by diluting a tablespoon or two and adding to your watering can.
To experience the health benefits of Epsom Salts, add one cup to a warm bath and soak (submerging even the shoulders if possible) for 20 minutes. It is normal to perspire during this time as the Epsom Salts draw toxins through the skin. When you get out of the bath do not dry off, but instead, wrap a towel or dressing gown around your body and lie down for 20 minutes as you continue to detox. Remember to shower afterwards to remove and Epsom Salt residue and drink plenty of water to rehydrate.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 92.93336
Retrieved Text: Epsom salt usage is becoming increasingly popular, and there’s good reason why. I myself use Epsom salts once or twice a week in a bath, and as and when I feel I need it in a foot soak, too.
Epsom salt is actually magnesium sulfate, which therefore, makes it a great source of magnesium. Some thyroid patients will use these salts in a bath or foot soak instead of taking magnesium supplements. The magnesium is absorbed through the skin and in to the body.
How is Epsom Salt Useful to Thyroid Problems?
A bath with Epsom salts can help you unwind and get ready for bed; relaxing muscles and leaving you feeling de-stressed. The magnesium in the salts relieve stress by promoting the production of serotonin and reducing the effects of adrenaline. Magnesium is also important in the production of energy and helping us to feel invigorated, but without feelings of restlessness/anxiety.
Many people (including myself) state that Epsom salts help their aching muscles and tired legs/feet, headaches and sprains. With cold and flu season underway, you could try soaking in Epsom salts as it should ease muscle aches and pains and help you get a good night’s rest.
You may even recover faster. It’s been stated that it may also speed up healing by detoxifying your body and increasing your white blood cell count, as well as improve circulation and lowering blood pressure.
I’ve noticed that itchy and burning skin can also be alleviated with an Epsom salt bath or compress, as it helps my itchy legs.
And although I’ve never tried

########
Rank: 15
Score: 92.7045
Retrieved Text: The Epsom salt is a little-known product that can solve yany anything. This mineral can be ingested or applied topically. Its chemical name is magnesium sulfate, and this natural remedy offers many health benefits. Physical stress: Immerse yourself in a bathtub filled with water and add Epsom salts. When salt dissolves in water, it is easily absorbed through the skin. Magnesium ions can help with stress since they promote the production of serotonin and decrease the impact of adrenaline. Magnesium also helps with the production of energy cells, reducing restlessness and anxiety. Pain and cramps: A long soak can also offer relief for sore muscles and swollen joints. The therapeutic salt bath also works on soothing abdominal cramps, tension headaches, and tired feet.
Constipation: When ingested, Epsom salts are saline laxatives. You can drink a cup of hot water with two tablespoons of salt dissolved in it to calm constipation. However, it is not recommended that you use this remedy more than once a day and it is best to consult your doctor if symptoms persist. Clean the arteries: Epsom salts increase the health of your arteries decreasing inflammation and protecting the elasticity of them. This can help improve your circulation and prevent cardiovascular disease, with less risk of blood clots, plaque buildup and damage to the arterial wall. To reap the benefits, take a bath of Epsom salts three to four times a week.
Blood sugar regulator: Both magnesium and sulfate in Epsom salts help the body produce and use insulin better. With regular oral or transdermal

########
Rank: 16
Score: 92.306274
Retrieved Text: Put on your spectacles and your thinking caps, people. You may be about to learn something.
Epsom salt is NOT ACTUALLY A SALT.
That’s right. That white salt stuff that you’ve heard so much about is not a salt at all. It’s magnesium sulfate, with no sodium. But nevertheless, it’s amazing stuff.
Long known as a natural remedy, Epsom salt is named for a salt spring in Surrey, England. Both magnesium and sulfate can be absorbed through the skin, meaning a warm bath in dissolved Epsom salt can bring a wealth of benefits.
Magnesium is a clever little mineral that gets an A+ for all of its hard work, like assisting in muscle and nerve function, regulating blood sugar and blood pressure levels, and making protein, bone and DNA. And when you’re stressed, your magnesium levels can drop. A soak in a hot bath with a few scoops of Epsom salt can not only raise your magnesium levels, it can wash your stress away.
Epsom salt can help relieve pain and inflammation in tired joints. Are your feet a bit achey and sad? Fill a tub with warm water and Epsom salt and give them a well-deserved break. Then give them a good rub, paint your toenails a pretty shade, and you’ll feel like a brand new person.
Believe it or not, a couple of teaspoons of Epsom salt can help relieve constipation and assist bowel function. Knock back 2-4 teaspoons dissolved in water and you should have relief in 30 min to six hours. However: always talk to your doctor first.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 91.75878
Retrieved Text: Epsom salt is not actually salt but a pure mineral compound formed of magnesium and sulfate. This naturally occurring compound offers various health benefits, especially if used for bath.. Other benefits of Epsom salts are related to gardening, skin and beauty, household uses and treating various ailments.
As this compound contains sulfate and magnesium, which are easily absorbed by skin, Epsom salt bath is the most common usage of this compound to utilize its health benefits. The wonders of Epsom salt bath are known for years and include soothing effects on the body, skin and soul. Sulfate and magnesium both have its unique characteristics and benefits associated. You can enjoy these benefits through adding some cups of Epsom salt to your bath tub.
Epsom salt is a compound containing magnesium and sulfate; both these have health benefits linked to them. Sulfate is said to be a natural disinfectant and thus, it can disinfect blood and flush toxins out of the body. Magnesium ensures efficient nerve and muscle system. Following are some common benefits of Epsom salt bath.
Stress causes excessive drain of magnesium mineral from the body and triggers elevation of adrenaline hormone in the body. Thus, a bath or soaking the body in water mixed with Epsom salts can be really soothing and relaxing for the body. Magnesium present in the compound gets absorbed in the body and balances the magnesium levels in the body.
Adequate levels of magnesium produce serotonin chemical that calms and relaxes the mind. As per the studies concluded after huge research, Epsom salt bath,

########
Rank: 18
Score: 91.705696
Retrieved Text: Question: When is salt, not salt? Answer: When it?s Epsom Salt! ? you see Epsom Salt is not really salt at all ? its chemical name is magnesium sulfate ? a mixture of the mineral magnesium, and the compound, sulfate. It?s famous for adding to bathing water, in order to supplement the body?s levels of its two main natural chemical ingredients, because absorption through the skin is best way of getting these essential substances into the human body. The health benefits of epsom salts are remarkable.
Epsom Salt originally came from a fresh spring in Epsom, Surrey, England, where the water rises up through the layers of porous chalk and non porous London clay, which form the hills in a region known as the Epsom Downs.
The history of Epsom Salt started with its discovery back in 1618 when a farmer in Epsom realized that his cows weren?t too keen to drink the water on his farm because it tasted so bitter. He also came to realise that this same bitter water also seemed to have the power to speed the healing of scratches and skin ailments such as rashes. Word spread slowly, and Epsom Salt was born. Epsom became one of the first ever Spa towns, although in later years it was overtaken by towns whose spa water springs produced greater quantities of water. The term ?Epsom Salts? was first coined by a chemist called Nehemiah Grew in the book he wrote in 1695 on the subject of ?bitter purging salt?.
For many years the benefits of Epsom

########
Rank: 19
Score: 91.35378
Retrieved Text: Note: Essential oils can also be added, but are completely optional.
First, dissolve the first three ingredients in boiling water. Set the pot aside to cool slightly and add the Apple Cider Vinegar. Then pour the mixture into a basin large enough to soak your feet in. Add the essential oils if you plan on using them.
Soak your feet in this bath for half an hour or longer. Take necessary precautions when soaking your feet in this mixture. Some people have a light-headed sensation when they finish, so just in case, don’t perform this treatment when you’re home alone.
1/2 cup of Epsom Salt.
Dissolve the Epsom salt in hot water and pour in the essential oils if you plan on using them.
Then, take the clay and make a paste with it. To do this, mix it with a little bit of water. Next, stand in the tub of hot (or warm) water that you prepared with Epsom salt while you rub the clay mixture over your body, creating a mask. Allow this mask to dry for a few minutes before you sit down in the tub. Soak in the tub for a minimum of twenty minutes to allow the mask to pull the toxins from the skin. Finally, remove the clay mask with a washcloth.
The clay in this bath works to pull any heavy metals from your body, while the Epsom salt helps you repair your magnesium levels.
1 Tablespoon of dried Ginger (in powder form).
Add the hydrogen peroxide and ginger to a tub of warm water. Soak in

########
Rank: 20
Score: 91.14774
Retrieved Text: Epsom salt, also known as magnesium sulfate, is a natural product that has a lot of benefits for health and beauty. Today you learn the miracles this salt do for your skin and hair.
Add 100-150 grams of Epsom salt in your bathtub and relax for half an hour. This type of salt has the ability to absorb toxins accumulated in the skin, leaving it smoother and more beautiful.
Mix one tablespoon of Epsom salt with a tablespoon of your usual hair conditioner and apply this mask on wet hair after you wash it beforehand. Leave the mask act for 15-20 minutes then rinse your hair as usual. You will notice the special texture this salt gives to your hair, especially the hair volume.
If you have a sweating problem with your feet and especially with their odor, all you have to do is to dip your feet in the water in which you added two tablespoons of Epsom salt. If you repeat this process once a week, you’ll get rid of this problem.
Rub your areas affected by blackheads with a little moisturizer in which you added a pinch of Epsom salt. You’ll get rid of blackheads quickly, after just two to three applications.
Mix Epsom salt in the shampoo you use often and you’ll notice that you got rid of dandruff only after a few washes. If you make this a habit, you’ll be able to keep dandruff away, permanently.
You know those red dots made because of sun exposure? You can get rid of them by simply applying to

########
Rank: 21
Score: 90.646576
Retrieved Text: Epsom Salt Bath Weight Loss: Does It Work?
Can Epsom salt baths help you lose weight?
Since its discovery, people have turned to Epsom salt as a folk remedy to heal all sorts of ailments. Named for the location in England where it was discovered, Epsom salt is estimated to have been in use for at least 400 years.
The effectiveness of Epsom salt baths for health benefits is open for debate. Many believe that when you bath in water with dissolved Epsom salt, the active ingredients (magnesium and sulfate) are rapidly absorbed through your skin.
Those who practice folk remedies believe these ingredients produce many health benefits, including weight loss.
A 2016 review of magnesium in the Journal of Nutrition and Food Services reported that there’s no scientific proof that magnesium can be absorbed well via your skin.
Researchers noted that the only study that has conclusively shown the skin’s ability to absorb magnesium was small, not peer-reviewed, and has not been replicated.
Similarly, in 2009 also found that magnesium sulfate did not absorb through your skin.
However, in , researchers found that individuals who used a cream containing magnesium had increased levels of magnesium in their urine compared to a group that used a cream that did not contain the mineral.
Despite conflicting evidence, if you’re interested in trying Epsom salt baths for weight loss and other potential health benefits, it’s low risk and might be worth a try.
The main benefits of Epsom salt come from its active ingredients. Though Epsom salt looks like and shares a name with table salt, they’re actually

########
Rank: 22
Score: 90.04454
Retrieved Text: Epsom salt (magnesium sulfate) is a mineral compound that gets its name from a saline spring at Epsom in Surrey, England. The manmade form of it has been used for centuries as a “natural” remedy for a number of ailments and has some other important uses.
Many enzymes in the body are regulated by magnesium. Soaking is said to help reduce inflammation, alleviate hardening of the arteries and improve muscle and nerve function. Sulfates improve the rate at which nutrients are absorbed and help flush out toxins that can ease muscle pain and improve cellular function. Both magnesium and sulfate are readily absorbed into the skin that makes the health benefits readily accessible.
Stress can be caused by a deficiency in magnesium. Epsom salt dissolved in warm to hot water is absorbed through the skin and can naturally replenish lost magnesium that helps the body produce serotonin - a mood elevating chemical in the brain.
Soaking in Epsom salt three times a week can help increase energy, improve mood and reduce the negative impacts of elevated adrenaline. Use about 2 cups of Epsom salt in each full bath.
Epsom salt baths can relieve sore muscles, migraine headaches and even respiratory problems in some cases. Soaking sore feet in warm Epsom salts can help neutralize pain and foot odor.
Dirty tiles in the kitchen and bathroom can be cleaned by mixing equal parts of Epsom salt with liquid soap. The mixture can be strengthened by adding orange oil, baking soda and/or hydrogen peroxide.
Magnesium and sulfur are often deficient in soil and/or not

########
Rank: 23
Score: 88.20493
Retrieved Text: Whether you’re your feet all day, exhausted from stress we all experience, or simply need some good me time, nothing beats a good foot soak.
Besides the undeniably soothing benefits of these soaks, the Epsom salt often used in foot baths helps to soften and exfoliate the skin, making those feet ready for sandal weather! You can even add your favorite moisturizing carrier oils such as sweet almond or coconut oils for added touchable softness.
Grab a foot tub or bucket, some tea bags, dried herbs, Epsom salt, and your favorite oils, and let’s get our soak on!
1. In a large bowl, combine Epsom salt, tea, herbs, and oils. Stir well until ingredients are evenly mixed. Store in a re-sealable glass jar, such as a mason jar. When you’re not using, be sure to keep this jar in a cool, dry place until you’re ready to soak.
2. Scoop ½ cup of salt mixture into your foot tub, then slowly pour in 6-8 quarts of warm to almost hot water. Get comfy in your favorite chair with a good book and let your feet soak for about 20-30 minutes.
Looking for added moisture? Try adding ½ teaspoon of your favorite carrier oil like Sweet Almond or Coconut Oil. You can also add 1 cup powdered milk for a mini spa-like milk bath.
How often do you indulge in a foot soak? Did you use different herbs or tea? Share your experience with us in the comments!

########
Rank: 24
Score: 87.820816
Retrieved Text: Salt blend : Himalayan pink salt, Epsom salt, Magnesium.
These are the perfect gift for an expectant or new mother. And can even be used in the bath when baby and parent are in need of some relaxing skin on skin time together.
How would you like to lay in a warm bath infused with soothing Himalayan Pink Salt, and Epsom salts?
causing a deep sense of relaxation, soothing skin conditions such as eczema, psoriasis and even cracked heels, cleansing oily skin and clearing up acne. It may also ease digestive upset and reduce bloating.
Epsom salt is a natural exfoliant and anti-inflammatory remedy that can be used to treat muscle aches and sore muscles, dry skin, and even to fight various internal health issues.
*I love using these salts in my children's bath also, I find it aids them in winding down after a long day and helping them sleep better when they are feeling under the weather.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 87.72046
Retrieved Text: In this blog I share how to make your own body scrub and bath salt with only natural products and using you favourite essential oils. It is so simple and easy and a succes quaranteed Christmas present. It is also really fun to make together with your friends or kids, so it might be a nice activity for the holidays.
Together with my friend Siri I organized a workhop on making your own homemade natural Christmas presents. Our intention was to organize a really informal evening, so we combined it with a potluck. First we enjoyed all the lovely food everyone brought and had a lot of fun. I had a lot of succes with my Chickpea, Cilantro and lime salat a great and fresh dish made within 15 minutes.
After dinner it was time for the real work. We made a body scrub and a bath salt.
I give you some possible recipes, but be creative and create your own blend. The essential oil will add a natural smell, but they also have different health benefits you can look into. Depending on how you decorate the jar you can also use it also as a normal present, it is not only limited to Christmas. Have fun.
We started with the body scrub, Siri has a lot of experience in making it so she gave a wonderful demonstration. The scrub consists of three elements. Sugar, (coconut)oil & essential oil.
By using a body scrub you remove the dead skin cells and reveal the healthy new skin underneath.
The sugar will exfoliate and

########
Rank: 26
Score: 87.02933
Retrieved Text: Dr Teal's Pure Epsom Salt Therapeutic Soak Perfume by Dr Teal's, The company’s foundational product, Dr Teal's Pure Epsom Salt Therapeutic Soak is the perfect fix for aches and pains that build up throughout the day. The perfect relaxing mixture, this Epsom salt soak contains absolutely no harsh chemicals or additives and leaves a soft, almost unnoticeable powdery aroma. Extra-fine crystals dissolve instantly in warm or hot water whether bathing or simply soaking your feet. Add a little extra Read More Read More pleasure to your relaxation by using any of Dr. Teal’s body washes, bubble baths, or scrubs to the mix.
Dr. Teal’s is a healing and relaxing bath products company that utilizes the naturally soothing and healing properties of Epsom salt in combination with all-natural ingredients. Many of the company’s products contain vitamins and other nutrients for skin and hair health, as well as essential oils for natural aromatherapy. Along with Epsom salt soaking solutions, the company designs body washes, scrubs, oils, and lotions, as well bubble baths. All products are original, authentic name brands. We do not sell knockoffs or imitations.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 86.77563
Retrieved Text: 1. Telescoping foot mirror – This long-reach mirror helps you inspect the bottoms of your feet for cuts, bruises, foot fungus, redness, warts, calluses, ulcers, or other aberrations. Use this tool at the end of each day to inspect your feet for changes.
2. Shoe horn – A shoe horn makes it easier to put your shoes on, which will help you prevent cutting or chafing your heels trying to slide your feet into footwear.
3. Foot brush – Sometimes it takes more than soap and water to remove dead skin and pathogens from the feet. The soft bristles of a foot brush ensures that the bottoms of your feet and spaces between your toes get fully cleaned.
Pumice stones made from lava can smooth the feet.
4. Pumice stone – This abrasive lava stone removes dead skin (especially along the heels), opens the pores, and boosts circulation. Speak to a podiatrist before using a pumice stone to remove corns or calluses.
5. Epsom salt – According to Live Strong, Epsom salt foot soaks can relieve foot pain, swelling, and tension. It’s also said to help regulate blood sugar levels. We mentioned Epsom salts in the past as a potential remedy for toenail fungus.
6. Moisturizing cream – Applying a moisturizing agent after showering (everywhere except in between the toes) can reduce the likelihood that your skin will break open.
7. Foot massager – A foot spa or massager can relieve pain and stimulate circulation while you sit and watch TV at home. There are many types to choose from, but Amazon reviewers

########
Rank: 28
Score: 86.77308
Retrieved Text: Epsom salt baths are the best. They make your skin soft as silk, and have an amazing array of health benefits. My favorite perks from soaking in Epsom salt include detoxification, stress reduction, and muscle pain relief–and that’s just the tip of the iceberg. Seriously, if there ever was truly a miracle cure, I do believe Epsom salt might be involved.
So I like Epsom salt baths and since I’ve been taking them regularly I feel great. But do I like taking a bath in 95F degree weather? Eh. So I’ve concocted a cooling Epsom salt bath that is the perfect antidote to a steamy, stressy summer day. It’s a bath that incorporates cucumber, fresh mint, and a hint of floral essential oil. Mmmmm.
Cucumbers are a great treat for the skin. They have the same pH as the skin so they help restore the protective acid mantle–they also possess hydrating, nourishing and astringent properties.
For some extra summery flower flavor, try a few drops of ylang ylang pure essential oil in the mix.
To a tub of tepid water add 2 cups Epsom salt, stir in 1 sliced cucumber, a handful of torn peppermint leaves, and 3 drops ylang ylang pure essential oil. Step in, relax, and await small miracles.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 85.97632
Retrieved Text: Studies have shown that magnesium and sulfate are both readily absorbed through the skin, making Epsom salt baths an easy and ideal way to enjoy the amazing health benefits . Magnesium plays a number of roles in the body including regulating the activity of over 325 enzymes, reducing inflammation, helping muscle and nerve function and helping to prevent artery hardening. Sulfates help improve the absorption of nutrients, flush toxins and help ease migraine headaches.
Our Epsom salt is 100% pure. Mined in the only deposits of Epsom in the world in Germany.
Other cheaper brands of Epsom Salts are man-made by mixing Magnesium and Sulfur compounds made in China.
Remove splinters - Soak affected skin area in an Epsom salt bath to draw out the splinter.
Treat toenail fungus - Soak your affected toes in hot water mixed with a handful of Epsom salt three times a day.
Add 2 cups Epsom salt to a warm bath and soak to reduce the pain and swelling of sprains and bruises.
Ease the discomfort of gout and reduce inflammation by adding 2-3 teaspoons of Epsom salts into a basin and immersing the affected foot/joint. The water should be as hot as it is comfortable. Soak for about 30 minutes.
Add a teaspoon of Epsom salt and 3 drops iodine into a half cup of boiling water. Apply this mixture to the blackheads with a cotton ball.
Mix Epsom salt with baby oil and keep by the sink for an effective hand wash.
Clean detergent build-up on washing machines - Fill the machine tub with hot water, add

================



======= Instance Index 4524 =========
Input Text: If a description of a situation begins like this: [header] How to convert pierced earrings to clip on earrings [title] Purchase earring converters. [step] You can buy earring converters online or your local craft store. The converters are usually located in the jewelry making area.... Then how
does it continue? 

Ending 1: [substeps] If you're looking for a quick way to convert earrings into clip-on earrings, pick the watch number one and two. Select the watch number two, then select the watch number three.

Ending 2: Check chain stores and online shops for earring converters. [substeps] If you aren't able to find them online, you can find them at sewing stores or online stores that carry jewelry supplies.

Ending 3: Look for a converter that has a small tube/barrel on the back. [substeps] Most posts will fit into the barrel of the converter, but check the size of your posts just to be sure.

Ending 4: You will need to take your earring size into account when selecting earring converters. [substeps] Consider always buying a size 3 earring converter.

Target Text: Ending 3

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 101.08903
Retrieved Text: 26/06/2017�� Make your earring decorations from polymer clay, bake them, and then glue them onto the magnets or clip-on earring backs. Make a bunch of earrings, and give them away to your friends and family. If you can't get a clip-on earring back, cut off a bit of a straw and cut it in the middle.... As an alternative to clip ons, I found some which use a screw-thread (like a mini g-clamp) in my local accessories shop. I only wear earrings when out clubbing or as part of cosplay/costuming, so fo me these are a better alternative to piercings.
Do you convert pierced-earrings to clip-ons? Let me know all about your experiences, your habits, show me your favourite pairs and tell me where you got them! I'd like to start wearing earrings, to feel glam in the every day.... 26/06/2017�� Make your earring decorations from polymer clay, bake them, and then glue them onto the magnets or clip-on earring backs. Make a bunch of earrings, and give them away to your friends and family. If you can't get a clip-on earring back, cut off a bit of a straw and cut it in the middle.
These clip-on earring findings are used for people who haven�t got pierced ears, and snap securely into place. They have a loop below the clip to attach the beaded jewelry. They have a loop below the clip to attach the beaded jewelry.
Today I've run across a lot of clip on converters that turn normal earrings into clip ons. I haven't tried them

########
Rank: 1
Score: 84.35886
Retrieved Text: YINLI Brand is new but very exotic. Being in jewelry for about 10 years, the current trends must be the leading of our job.
As a new brand, we know we need to do a lot to grow. And we also realize that all the future will not go long without your support.
Therefore we pay a lot attention to after sales service.
Besides, the quality is the core of an item, we also put our main attention to the product development and quality enhancement.
We are humble to accept the suggestion from every consumer and we will take each advice in to consideration.
To make sure it will be much better, we have tested each before delivery.
Made of crafted environmental friendly Austrian Crystal,Light weight ; Silver Plated.
ribbon box packed. You can buy them as gift to the right ones directly.
Made of crafted environmental friendly Austrian Crystal,Light weight ; Silver Plated.For pierced ears. This jewelry shinning with grace and beauty. And the metal surface is of high polished finish.
Design: Austrian Cut Crystal Rhinestone Pierced Wedding Bridal Teardrop Drop Dangle Earrings shining also let whole look more modern and fashionable.
Photography of real item from YINLI Jewelry, What you see is what you get.30-day Money Back Guarantee.
1. These earrings are made of real green precious metal.Economical jewelry set for men and women.
2. Two colors, plated 14K gold Plated and platinum Plated.
3. Every stud earrings is packed in a nice gift box, ready to be a gift!
4. Never out of date design, diamond earrings is elegant and stylish, you will never regret for this

########
Rank: 2
Score: 81.62638
Retrieved Text: Pierced or clips: Earrings DESIGNED JUST FOR YOU!
Dedicated to fashion forward trendsetters, Crazy4Clipons stops fashion stereotypes in their tracks. Offering stylish, comfortable, unique pierced & clip earrings for everyone. We're making the earring-world our catwalk. Come on in and strut with us!
Pierced & Clip Earrings for Brides & her wedding party.
Choose from a large selection of hand-crafted earring styles for your maid of honor, bridesmaid, mother of bride, mother of the groom and, of course, your flower girl.
We carry an exclusive selection of high quality, delicate clip earring styles for young girls 7+ years. Note: All of our kids clip on earrings are 100% Sterling Silver. Non-lead. Non-nickel.
You think having non-pierced ears will stifle your choices? Not a chance! Do you like pierced-like earring looks? or, comfortable screw-back closures? We build our earrings in-house so you can choose your styles, your colors and your earrings findings.
If you decide to pierce your ears soon, or at a later time, you can request a conversion for all your Crazy4ClipOns clip earrings at a low cost. If the earrings were been built for both pierced and non-pierced ears, we will make the conversion for you for a low fee.
My niece received her package of 2 children earrings a couple days ago. I wasn't there to see her open them but I was on the phone when she did it. Her loud screams were enough to tell me that she loved them and she wore them to school the next day!..."

########
Rank: 3
Score: 81.48733
Retrieved Text: Tiered Pricing: the more you purchase of leopard cotton filled box BX2882-LD, the more you save.
View Tiered Pricing: the more you purchase of these medium green kraft bags, the more you'll purchase.
Small metal bullet shaped earring backs with a patented locking mechanism. For use with most post earrings. Three gold tone pairs and three silver tone pairs. 6 pairs of locking earring backs total.
These patented FDA Grade low density polyethylene earring sleeves slide over the post of an earring to prevent metal from touching the ear. This eliminates metal sensitivity and irritation. Earring protectors can also be used on wire earrings. 8 sleeves, 4 backs.
Gold. Converts pierced earrings to clip by inserting post of the earring into the converter for earrings and bending gently at a right angle.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 77.691154
Retrieved Text: Girls Room Wall Decor. Tuscan Decorative Plate.
If you have large collection of pierced earrings that are overflowing from your jewelry box, using a quality earring holder - organizer is certainly something that can solve the problem. I have designed the very best high quality jewelry storage solutions. They were created for personal home use; however they are heavy duty enough for retail or commercial use. Getting your earrings organized solves the common problem of tangled, damaged and missing pierced earrings. Angelynn's can help you get and keep your earrings up and out of harm's way seen at a glance and tangle free. Now you can de-clutter your jewelry armoire, jewelry chest or jewelry box and in many cases replace them along with the drawers, tackle boxes, and other non-user friendly jewelry storage containers. This wall mount earring holder is so easy to use and is not limited to certain pierced earring types. It works for most clip earrings and body jewelry too! If you think you need a larger earring rack because you have so many earrings take inventory, and then purchase as many as you need. Angelynn's Jewelry Organizers are my very own trademarked and copy written designs. They and are not made with cheap materials or by cheap labor. The Polycarbonate Acrylic Earring Angel is Made in the USA by Skilled American Tradesmen using high quality Polycarbonate, not cheap plastic or acrylic. Our products are lead free, non-caustic and non-corrosive. Our line of Jewelry Organizers, Earring Holders and Necklace Trees are a great way

########
Rank: 5
Score: 77.468605
Retrieved Text: Are you looking for clip on earrings which look-like pierced earrings? What about cotton pearl invisible clip on earrings?
For your wedding or your friend’s wedding, are you looking for simple and lustrous pearl clip on earrings?
On your special event day, such as wedding and birthday parties, you want to have a perfect look, don’t you? And of course, you want to have something look like pierced earrings, don’t you? I personally like look like pierced earrings but it is hard to find these earrings for pearls. But today, I would like to introduce invisible clip on earrings.
What are the invisible clip on earrings? Invisible clip on earrings are earrings, which made from resin and earring findings are clear. So it is hard to recognize these are clip on earrings. Moreover, earrings are soft and fit your ears naturally. So the most attractive point is these will not hurt your earlobes! When I wear metal clip on earrings, I am suffering from the pain of earring screw pressure. Sometimes it gives me headache. But invisible clip on earrings are so comfortable to wear! You can wear for long hours. So you will be smiley all the time.
These cotton pearls are classy and vintage like. Recently cotton pearls are popular in Japan. I mainly create cotton pearl jewelries, so wide variety of colors and sizes are available. For example, I provide white, light beige, pink and light orange color pearl earrings. The sizes are 8 mm, 10 mm, 12 mm are available and I recommend 8 mm earrings.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 77.23985
Retrieved Text: Six pair of small rubber post earring backs designed to cover the sharp ends of the earring post to prevent sticking when using the phone or sleeping. Perfect for small children and adults. Use in place of regular earring backs for soft flexible support that covers earring posts.
The package contains 12 earring backs (6 pairs of earrings).
Soft, flexible cushions designed to slide onto the clip portion of a clip earring to relieve pressure from pinching and prevent metal from touching skin.
The package contains 3 pairs (6 cushions).
Contains an extra strength formula designed to keep pierced ears clean, healthy and germ free. It contains aloe for the natural enrichment of the tender ear lobes plus Benzethonium Chloride to kill dangerous germs that lead to sore ears.
For proper pierced ear hygiene, E'arrs® recommends this product be used daily and for newly pierced ears at least twice daily.
The bottle contains 4 fluid ounces.
Just peel off adhesive pads for use on the base and paddle of clip earrings to prevent discomfort from pinching or metal sensitivity while wearing clip earrings.
The package contains 6 round dots and 4 paddles.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 76.90544
Retrieved Text: Levian 18k yellow gold X earrings made of round brilliant cut diamonds and blue sapphire baguettes. Each earring contains 6 round brilliant cut diamonds that are bead set on a diagonal with a row of channel set sapphire baguettes crossing over it. The posts on the earrings are removable so they can be worn as either pierced or non-pierced.
Search our online store for a larger selection of Diamond Earrings, Hoop Earrings, Diamond Stud Earrings, Pearl Earrings, Clip on Earrings, Stud Earrings, Drop Earrings, Gold Earrings and so much more. All items can be viewed in our Stamford CT showroom. Providing the sku number or title of the items you are interested in would help in locating them.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 75.599106
Retrieved Text: Do any of your favourite earrings need to be repaired or replaced? Has a stone fallen out of one of your earrings, or has it come away from the post or clip?
We work with every style of earring, from studs, hoops and creoles to drop earrings and clip-ons. Often it’s the earring fitting that breaks from wear and tear – the post/stem or hook, or the clasp for clip-ons. Sometimes a precious or semi-precious stone will fall out, in which case we can provide a match based on the remaining intact earring and place it securely in its setting.
We can even adapt a favourite pair of earrings, such as changing clip earrings to pierced and vice versa, and adapting drop earrings to studs. This is a popular option for making family heirlooms passed through the generations more wearable and contemporary.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 73.09386
Retrieved Text: Don't have pierced ears? That's not a problem with many of our styles! You can upgrade to have clip on earring backs.
Please note, on very small earrings this may not be possible as the clip on backs are a little larger than the pierced ear findings, or the earrings may be slightly enlarged to accommodate the larger finding. If in doubt, please drop us an email and we can discuss your options.
These earrings will need to be custom made so please expect an extended turn around time of around 1 week for the earrings to be crafted for you.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 72.908966
Retrieved Text: Mint Jade Donut Earring with beaten silver overlay. All hand made in lovely Sterling Silver with imported Italian Silver Earring Clip.
We know at My Bridal Jewellery, it’s often so difficult to find clip on earrings for women who don’t want their ears pierced. With this in mind we created the clip on earring in a lovely variety of styles and shades but always with that special Julleen designer touch of elegance. Now a mother of the bride can feel the luxury, of wearing earrings at any time. These are so light and comfy to wear and would enhance any outfit of green, blues or creams, for a wedding day or any time for many years to come.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 72.2198
Retrieved Text: Every women love the jewellery and they want matching jewellery for there wardrobe. The jewellery like necklaces, bracelets, earrings, sterling silver jewelry, silver earrings and clips, but the problem is how to used it especially clip-on earrings. Every women want good place to find fancy clip-on earrings but they do not have to be expensive, just look good especially on wedding day and also alternative uses.
Alternative uses for clip-on earrings, there are many explanations you can found but every once want correct solution.
Your ears turn red and you hurt because you put earrings on, but how to reduce your pain.
A number of time you face the problem of redness and soreness.
When you using earring you have clean your earrings each time uses. Use alcohol and soak earring in alcohol this is the best idea.
Clean your ears by using alcohol and also use cotton ball everyday and especially when you are changing your earrings.
If your ears are sensitive means metal cannot be suit you then try to buy better quality earring. These earring are made with quality and not too heavy on your ear.
Some women have allergic of the metal in the section that goes through your ear then used silver, gold.
Used very delicate earrings which is not made of metal, maximum use of gold and silver which adds a nice touch to your image.
Used clip-on earrings for short periods of time only because you cannot bear the pain for an entire day.
The easy way for clip-on earrings, general method of easing the pain is to take

########
Rank: 12
Score: 72.03548
Retrieved Text: There is a wide varieties of invisible clip on earrings at MiyabiGrace. These varies from feminine style earrings to simple minimalist style ones. If you like something elegant fancy invisible clip on earrings, these pink beads invisible clip on hoop earrings are your style.
Pink feminine style matches unique pink invisible clip on hoop earrings.
If you like casual minimalist style for date, these two bar invisible clip on earrings are best matching.
If you like a little bit gorgeous style, these ivory beads and tassel invisible clip on earrings are well balanced for these outfits.
If you like style something like elegant and feminine, these sparkly cubic zirconia crystal in cube invisible clip on earrings are the best matching.
MiyabiGrace’s invisible clip on earrings are not only stylish but also comfortable to wear. The clip on earring findings are made from resin and they are soft. Therefore, they are super comfortable to wear and you can wear them for straight 8 hours without taking them off. You will be free from the pain of pinching!
Moreover, invisible clip on earrings are look like pierced earrings! Please take a look closely. You can see the clear resin invisible clip on earrings. These earrings are blend with your skin color and you seem as if you wore pierced earrings.
< Previous Are there any comfortable and pierced look sparkly rhinestone clip on earrings for girls’ night out?

########
Rank: 13
Score: 72.00646
Retrieved Text: Colors, Sizing, Custom Orders, Etc.
Our Elizabeth Locke earring collection features studs and collapsible post and omega back earrings, as well as earring charms with matching hoops. Collapsible post and omega clip back earrings fit both pierced and non-pierced ears. Hoop earrings come in four different sizes: 14mm (baby), 16mm (big baby), 20mm (small), and 25mm (giant).
Elizabeth Locke earrings are beautifully handmade with Venetian glass intaglios, blue zircon, gold triads, amethyst carbochon and pink sapphires, set in 19K yellow gold. Many are available for one day delivery.
The Definitive Elizabeth Locke Collection is the defining place to shop for, build and expand your Elizabeth Locke collection.
All text and photography copyright © 2018 thedefinitive.com LLC and Be On Park, LLC.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 71.80723
Retrieved Text: Everyone will fall in love with this fabulous Bohm collection that features squirrels, acorns, flowers and leaves you might see on a stroll through an English woodland in Autumn time. It is an oppulent design series with stunning quality Swarovski crystal elements, hand-cut crystal shapes, delicately applied enamels and detailed metal charms.
The precious metal plates have a burnished patina finish.
Available in silver/blues/purples or gold/crimson/purples.
Hinged cuff bracelet. It measures 4.5cm/45mm wide. Diameter 6.5cm/65mm.
Corsage brooch. It measures 10 cm/3.5 inches in length by 4cm/1.5 inches max. width. Traditional back pin with over-catch.
Fabulous 3-D treated wood acorns nestle into precious metal plated caps. The acorns measure 1.8cm/18mm in length. French clip fastener for pierced ears. Total length 3.5cm/35mm.
Squirrel earrings, really cute, finely detailed back and front, each one holding and nibbling a nut and clasping a Swarovski crystal in its tail. French clip fastener for pierced ears. Total earring length 3.5cm/35mm.
Pretty enamelled flower earrings with Swarovski crystal centres. Flowers measure 1.5cm/15mm. French clip fastener for pierced ears. Total earring length 3cm/30mm.
Oak leaf and quartz stone drop earrings. French clip fastener for pierced ears. Total earring length 3.5cm/35mm.
Pretty enamelled flower measures 2.5cm/25mm in diameter, with Swarovski crystal centre. 5mm wide band. Adjustable ring size.
Double chain necklace. Pendant features a realistic oak leaf (4cm/40mm) and 3-D acorn (wooden 1.8cm/18mm). Fine curb and ball linked chains. 16 inches/40.5cm to an adjustable 19 inches/48.5cm.
Double chained necklace (fine curb and ball linked chains). Each chain can be worn separately. One chain features 3-D acorn (wooden 3.5cm/35mm) pendant, whilst the other has a pretty selection

########
Rank: 15
Score: 71.34464
Retrieved Text: From long and dramatic to small and subtle, the style of earrings is as limitless as the settings.
Earrings come in a huge assortment of designs based on four basic styles: the hoop, the drop, the chandelier, and the button or stud. While these styles may sound quite familiar, it is helpful to note the differences and the features that make each unique.
A pair of round blue sapphire bezel set earrings.
Stud earrings are fairly straightforward. prong set gemstones have a light and delicate appearance, and bezel settings are more substantial looking. Bezel settings also accentuate a gemstone’s apparent size, which can make them especially appropriate for smaller stones.
A pair of blue sapphire stud earrings with their pave diamond jackets.
Jackets are add-on components that enhance stud earrings. Design options are almost limitless. A pair of diamond or colored stone jackets can add a blaze of bright color to a set of pearl or diamond studs. For colored gemstones studs, earring jackets with pave diamonds are a classic and very popular design.
A pair of gold-tone hoop earrings.
After studs, hoops are the simplest of all earring designs and they are often are set with colored stones or diamonds. Designs vary, but all need to be lightweight to be comfortable. Mothers of small children avoid large hoop earrings because tiny hands may grasp at their intriguing sparkle.
A pair of diamond and platinum huggies.
Huggies look like smaller versions of hoop earrings. They fit close to the earlobe and are very comfortable to wear for extended periods. Although they are mostly casual earrings,

########
Rank: 16
Score: 71.31569
Retrieved Text: Just in time for the holidays or any dress up occasion come these double layered (5 strands each) Kate Spade waterfall pattern rhinestone earrings. They measure about 1/2″ wide and about 2″ in length. They are sure to make a statement by a waterfall or anywhere else.
We could not resist….we saw them we had to purchase them. Very lightweight, hand carved, hand painted wooden Macaw or Parrot pierced earrings ( whatever name you prefer). The birds measure about 2 1/2″ in length. So whether you are a bird lover or want something to wear while eating “crackers”, make a statement with this great pair.
Condition: Previously worn, but in great shape.
Every size, shape and age. In necklaces, pins, earrings and bracelets…..as timeless as fashion itself.
Presented here are a pair of teardrop, Cultured Freshwater Pearl earrings set in pierced sterling silver. The pearls are about 7-8 mm in size and have a slightly pinkish hue .
Isn’t it about time you made a fashion statement?
How About A Walk On The Wild Side ?
We don’t know whether these earring have a Leopard or a Jaguar design. What we do know is that they are fabulous patterned pierced earrings about 2″ long on each side. They are very very lightweight and will make a wild side statement.
FENDI signed clip on earrings in a cluster scroll design with black enamel band. The earrings are about 1 1/2″ long. Very chic, very tailored and easy to wear with anything. You won’t be able to “fend” off the compliments with these statement earrings !!
Condition:

########
Rank: 17
Score: 71.09137
Retrieved Text: These guitar picks are made with 5 Seconds of Summer guitar picks. I used silver metal chain to dangle a 10mm black to white ombre pave bead from each earring.
They are 4 inches long from the top of of the ear wire curve to the very bottom of the whole earring, and they have surgical steel earwires (nickel free, hypoallergenic). To get an idea of how long the earrings will be on you, start from where your ear is pierced and measure down. You can upgrade your earwires to sterling silver for a fee of $2 in addition to the cost of the earrings. Just go to my "Other" section, and add the Sterling Silver Earwires to your cart. The ear wires can also be changed to post or clip on earrings with no additional charge, just let me know the change you want in the notes to seller when checking out.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 70.052635
Retrieved Text: see the listing for this item at my etsy shop here.
I've created a pair of magnetic Earrings. These are perfect for those that do not have, or do not wish to have their ears pierced. They actually were inspired by my 5 year old daughter. She wanted earrings, but I didn't want her to have her ears pierced, quite yet. My compromise, magnetic earrings. I have a supply of Neodymium Rare earth magnets that I thought would work great. (read about these magnets here.) These little suckers are strong, but tiny, perfect for keeping earrings on your ears. At first, I wasn't sure if the magnets would work with an ear lobe between them. But, then I learned that they were quite effective in keeping earrings in place. It's amazing.
If my Grammy was still around, I know she would love these. She didn't have her ears pierced, but always wore those clunky clip-ons. Those were fine for her, (everything she did was great) but does anyone wear those things anymore. Why not have a pair of earrings that actually look like you have pierced ears.
These earrings are not suitable for children under 3, as they could remove them easily, on their own and could be swallowed.
I noted some sources where you can find the supplies.
The most important thing to remember and get right when making these earrings is to note the positive and negative sides of the magnets. If you attach them so that both positive or both negative sides of the magnets are to face

########
Rank: 19
Score: 70.03186
Retrieved Text: Even before Star Trek's Bajoran earrings appeared, we've been crafting earcuff or slave earrings, each custom handcrafted to fit non-pierced through multiple ear piercings as needed.
No piercing required!! Ear cuffs do not pierce. They wrap around the ear. Our earring styles each feature a sterling silver ear cuff but an upper-stud option is available for cartilage piercings.
Clip-ons are available for unpierced lobes.
Earring posts & wires are made of surgical steel.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 69.74327
Retrieved Text: SLC Designs; Beautiful handmade gemstone and glass bead silver and goldfilled love earrings.
Flying High Earrings; fine faceted green Amethyst, delicately wire-wrapped in gold filled wire, hangs from dainty and beautiful matte 16K gold plated birds; the earring posts are sterling silver. The earrings measure approx. just over 1 inch / 2.5 cm. £21.50 sterling silver post style (pierced) earring fittings.
Venetian Seafoam Gold Earrings; very lovely seafoam-green and 24kt gold foiled stripy handmade Murano glass earrings with Swarovski crystal, Vermeil (high carat gold over sterling) ruffles, wire and earring fittings. The earrings measure approx. just over 1½ inches/ 4 cm. SOLD vermeil post (pierced) earring fittings.
Esmeralda Earrings; fab silver foiled Murano glass hearts from Venice with Swarovski crystal and sterling silver – this is a stunning colour, eye catching and flattering. The earrings measure approx. 1½ inches/ 4 cm. £22.50 sterling silver hook style (pierced) earring fittings.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 69.28281
Retrieved Text: These shaped by hand hoop earrings are wire wrapped in non-tarnish gold plated wire. There are three gold filigree beads and two gold plated spacer beads at the lower portion of the hoop. Earring wires are gold plated lever back style for pierced ears.
It takes quite a lot of wire to make these earrings. They start off with a gold plated wire formed into a hoop shape. More wire is twisted around the hoop frame while adding the filigree beads. Filigree beads have an open texture with a slightly raised surface. Very pretty! The earring wires can be changed to clip on for non-pierced ears at your request.
Please read my policies for shipping and packaging information.
For those who prefer gold jewelry. See more gold jewelry in my ArtFire shop. "Search" at The Singing Beader home page for "gold".

########
Rank: 22
Score: 69.26695
Retrieved Text: Earrings : Wholesale Beading Supplies, Offering a wide selection of high quality unique jewelry making supplies, components & other rare jewelry pieces. Distributes to wholesalers, jewelry designers, crafters, repairers & collectors from around the world.
We offer an assortment of jewelry earrings, pierced earrings, clip on earrings, vintage earrings in a variety of styles made from different materials that are unique and out of production. Wholesale jewelry, wholesale costume jewelry, costume jewelry, designer jewelry, closeout jewelry, earrings, vintage earrings, wholesale earring jewelry, wholesale earrings, fashion earrings.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 69.21793
Retrieved Text: When you look for “clip on earrings” on google, the images you can reach are something huge and sparkly rhinestone clip on earrings, aren’t they? Well, they might be nice on elegant occasions, but not for daily wear. It is hard to find simple and minimal clip on earrings, isn’t it? There are a lot minimalist pierced earrings that matches every day wear.
Did you get trouble finding them with clip on earrings?
Don’t worry, you have Miyabi Grace invisible clip on earrings. We have been creating modern and trendy style of invisible clip on earrings that satisfied many customers. I would like to introduce some of the collection.
Are you looking for clip on earrings for your clip on earrings? It is hard to find ideal bridal clip on earrings isn’t it? I think the criteria is at least these three.
1. Comfortable to wear enough for entire day.
2. Totally pierced look clip on earrings.
3. Modern and elegant clip on earrings.
I think it is almost impossible to meet these three criteria. You may find modern clip on earrings, but they might hurt your earlobes and clunky. Comfortable and pierced look clip on earrings are difficult to find.
And now you have clip on earrings to meet all three criteria at Miyabi Grace. They are made-in-Japan INVISIBLE CLIP ON EARRINGS.
You wonder what the invisible clip on earrings are.
They are made from resin and clear clip on earrings.
There 2 characteristics, they are comfortable to wear and totally pierced look.
The Christmas day is coming soon. Christmas illuminations in my town are beautifully decorated

########
Rank: 24
Score: 69.17471
Retrieved Text: Large, silver and clear crystal chandelier earrings with earring containing 7 medium, teardrop crystals that are available in your choice of crystal color (shown below). Pierced or clip on. Earring length is 3-3/4. Shown in Rose."

########
Rank: 25
Score: 69.14661
Retrieved Text: "We can all be heroes in our everyday lives" says jewellery designer, Maria Black. This white rhodium plated sterling silver Sadie earring from Maria Black features a hook clip fastening. This is a single earring.
Gold plated sterling silver 'Tusk' earring from Maria Black featuring a butterfly fastening. This is a single earring. Please order a quantity of 2 for a pair.
'Orbit' earrings from Maria Black featuring a circular ball at the end with a high polished finish and a butterfly fastening. Sold as a pair.
Sterling silver pierced earring from Maria Black. This is a single earring.
Sterling silver Vertical earring from Maria Black. This is a single earring.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 68.870895
Retrieved Text: Do the earrings come with backs?
All earrings are sold by the pair and come with backs. If you need additional backs, one can purchase them on our website.
First Class Mail shipping is free, no minimum.
All orders are processed within 24 hours unless told otherwise. We are closed on Saturday and Sunday. All orders placed Friday night through Sunday will be shipped on Monday.
First Class Mail shipping – Approximately 2-5 business days.
Priority Mail Shipping – Approximately 1-3 business days.
Express Mail Shipping- Approximately 1-2 business days.
Why should I choose skin friendly jewelry from Blomdahl?
Contact allergies can develop at any time in life and you can for example become allergic to nickel if you use jewelry containing nickel. Approximately 20% percent of all women suffer from nickel allergy.
Although nickel allergy is the most common type of contact allergy, jewelry can contain many other allergens, such as cobalt, gold, epoxies and acrylates. They may also contain toxic, carcinogenic or otherwise unhealthy substances, such as lead, cadmium, formaldehyde, phthalates and bisphenol A (BPA).
Blomdahl skin friendly jewelry is developed in consultation with skin specialists to be suitable for everyone who wants to avoid contact allergies and other health risks. We use only the safest materials. Blomdahl is recommended for children and adults who want to be able to wear jewelry every day, without having to worry about their skin and health.
What materials make our jewelry a safe choice for all, even for those with allergies?
For earrings, you can choose from carefully selectedtitanium and plastic, of pure medical quality. Our coating is only

########
Rank: 27
Score: 68.58999
Retrieved Text: Wearing stylish and feminine earrings are always desire for all women. And I am the one of them and love wearing trendy earrings. It is fun to visit shops and see different style of earrings, such as stud, dangle and hoop earrings. But my choice was limited because I don’t get my ears pierced. Recently, many shops have an option to change style from pierced earrings to clip on earrings. So I have more choices.
For me, wearing clip on earrings are for special occasions such as my friend’s weddings, seeing my old friends in exclusive restaurants and going to parties. So I am happily join the events with my fancy favorite clip on earrings.
Right after I wear them, they start hurting my earlobes. I try to ignore the pain and make myself believe that it is going to be alright. But 2 hours later, the hurt become torture level and give me a headache. I become irritated and finally clip on earrings off in the middle of events. I have never worn clip on earrings for whole event or long hours. You might think I should not wear clip on earrings, anyhow. But for me, without earrings is not perfect style. So I created comfortable and pierced clip on earrings which are super popular in Japan. They are invisible clip on earrings.
What are the invisible clip on earrings? Invisible clip on earrings are made from resin and soft. So they fit your earlobes perfectly without hurting your earlobes. And all of the clip on earrings are

########
Rank: 28
Score: 68.192154
Retrieved Text: This is a beautiful BRACELET and EARRING SET! The bracelet has two rows of nice sized bluegreen AB rhinestones . Capping the sides of the rhinestones in both rows are three small bright light green round rhinestones.
The Earrings have a center cluster of 7 slightly smaller bluegreen AB rhinestones surrounded by a flower ring of the smaller bright green stones.
The bracelet has a safety chain and the earrings are clip-on style for non pierced ears.
SKU: 1031. Categories: Bracelets, Earrings - Clip On / Screw Backs, Rhinestones, Sets, Parure, Demi Parure.
CLASP: Fold Over and safety chain on the bracelet, Clip-On earrings for non pierced ears.
CONDITION: These pieces of jewelry are in used condition. All rhinestones are present. The clasp and clips are in full working order. There is scratching and finish wear present.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 67.93809
Retrieved Text: These impressive earrings from Goldmajor will make an impression when paired with an occasion outfit.
The pair is made from high-shine sterling silver and features a classic drop design which suspends at its end a round-cut polished amber stone. The earrings are complemented by an etched twirled detailing.
The earrings are for pierced ears only.
Do not expose to perfume or chemicals.
Earrings FittingInformationThis defines how the earrings are held in place.
Earring TypeInformationThis is to define the style of the earring. Please see "Earrings Fitting" for the method the earring is attached to ear.

================



======= Instance Index 8203 =========
Input Text: If a description of a situation begins like this: [header] How to train a cocker spaniel [title] Select a crate for your cocker spaniel. [step] An important aspect of training your cocker spaniel is crate training. When done properly, your dog will see his crate as a place of refuge and relaxation, rather than a place of punishment.... Then how
does it continue? 

Ending 1: Selecting a crate for your cocker spaniel will give you room to explore your dog's new home before, during, and after you begin training him. [substeps] Crates need to be large enough for your dog to stand up, lie down, and move around comfortably in.

Ending 2: Crates, which are available at your local pet store, come in different sizes and materials, such as plastic, fabric, and metal. [substeps] If your dog is a puppy, consider renting a crate from your local animal shelter, since he will eventually outgrow it.

Ending 3: You can select a crate that is big enough for your dog to comfortably stay in, but not deep enough for him to physically dig, enter or escape. [substeps] The crate should have a cylinder, padded lid and a secure bottom frame.

Ending 4: [substeps] Crates are dog-friendly, providing your dog with a safe and secured space from outside stimuli that will diminish his fear and anxiety. Crate training is a positive way to bond with your dog as a new pet.

Target Text: Ending 2

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 101.00017
Retrieved Text: Cocker Spaniels make excellent family dogs and companions. The breed is a smart, loyal, and happy animal. Because of their intelligence, Cocker Spaniels are quick learners that are able to pick up new tricks easily. Are you thinking of bringing a puppy home to your family but unsure where to begin with training? Learn how to train a Cocker Spaniel here!
A Cocker Spaniel’s temperament is known for having level-headed personalities and being affectionate. The devoted breed loves doing everything with his family. Although Cocker Spaniels are soft and cuddly, they are quite active dogs. Cocker Spaniels have a hunting instinct that they inherited from their ancestors. You may find your pet with his nose to the ground trying to track things from time to time.
Another common personality trait of Cocker Spaniels is their sensitivity. They may cower or shy away from angry owners, which should be taken into account when considering the best way to train your Cocker Spaniel. Without proper canine socialization, the breed will become timid and will not respond as well to training and obedience lessons.
An adequately socialized and trained Cocker Spaniel puppy will be a pleasure to be around. Cocker Spaniel puppies quickly bond to their owners. They are joyous, trusting, gentle animals who add plenty of fun to their household.
As the Cocker Spaniel has gained popularity, improper breeding techniques have led to some genetic problems for the breed including “rage syndrome.” Unreputable breeders who breed from unscreened dogs may keep Cocker Spaniel puppies in poor living conditions without any socialization. Before

########
Rank: 1
Score: 84.72202
Retrieved Text: How to potty train an english cocker spaniel puppy with the Potty Training Puppy Apartment crate. We have english cocker spaniel house training solutions, so housebreaking english cocker spaniel puppies will be fast and easy. Over 50,000 dogs have been successfully potty trained with our world-famous indoor dog potty, called the Potty Training Puppy Apartment, including english cocker spaniels. The free video below is a short version of our 15-minute video which is located on our Home Page. The training techniques and tips are being demonstrated by Miniature Pinscher puppies, however, the techniques are exactly the same for an english cocker spaniel puppy or an english cocker spaniel adult dog. If you are seeking english cocker spaniel puppies for sale or adoption, please visit our Breeders page. At the bottom half of this page is specific breed information about the temperament and traits of an english cocker spaniel. If this breed is available in a teacup, toy or miniature size it will be mentioned below.
The English cocker must be able to find, flush and retrieve upland game birds for a full day of hunting. It must be small enough to penetrate dense cover, but of sufficient size to retrieve larger game. The broad muzzle helps when retrieving. The dog is slightly taller than long, compactly built and short coupled. This breed loves to hunt and shows it by the wagging of its tail when on the job. The English cocker has a driving, powerful gait that covers ground effortlessly. The coat is of medium length, silky

########
Rank: 2
Score: 80.104294
Retrieved Text: PIESANGKLOOF SPANIELS Cocker Spaniel Information The History of Cocker Spaniels You may be planning to give a home to a Cocker Spaniel, or you may already own one, but how much do you really know about them? Cockers were originally from Spain and have been with us for many years since the 14 th century, either as willing gun-dogs, faithful companions, or as loving family pets. These sturdy little gun dogs were given the name 'Cocker' because of the woodcock they were bred to catch. They have a good nose and it’s this great sense of smell that allows Cockers to flush birds from hedgerows, fields and vegetation so that the hunters (following behind the dogs), could shoot the birds as they emerged. The Spaniel who were trained to retrieve the birds using a ”soft mouth”, would then trot off merrily to retrieve the game. Cocker Spaniels are dogs belonging to two breeds of the spaniel dog type; the English Cocker Spaniel and the American Cocker Spaniel, both of which are commonly called simply Cocker Spaniel in their countries of origin. The only major difference between the English and American varieties is that the American is smaller with a shorter back, a domed head and a shorter muzzle, while the English variety is taller with a narrower head and chest. Cocker Spaniel Information: Breed Summary Life Span : 12 - 15 Years Higher Classification : Canis Lupus Familiaris Colours : Golden, Black, Orange & White, Liver Roan, Blue Roan, Liver & Tan, Liver & White, Red,

########
Rank: 3
Score: 79.47574
Retrieved Text: Nothing beats the exceptional look and quality of our Cocker Spaniel Hand Towel. Among the finest made, you will be provided with great satisfaction and long lasting enjoyment. Why not pamper yourself or give a loved one a Cocker Spaniel gift to show them how much you care. The Cocker Spaniel Hand Towel will make the perfect gift for any Cocker Spaniel lover. Shop with confidence, because all products come with a 100% customer satisfaction guarantee. Click over now to see the big selection of Cocker Spaniel gifts we offer.
Nothing beats the exceptional look and quality of our Cocker Spaniel Cap. Among the finest made, you will be provided with great satisfaction and long lasting enjoyment. Why not pamper yourself or give a loved one a Cocker Spaniel gift to show them how much you care. The Cocker Spaniel Cap will make the perfect gift for any Cocker Spaniel lover. Shop with confidence, because all products come with a 100% customer satisfaction guarantee. Click over now to see the big selection of Cocker Spaniel gifts we offer.
Our Cocker Spaniel 2.8 Seconds Sign will look great outdoors or indoors. Made from high impact styrene, this durable and weather resistant Cocker Spaniel 2.8 Seconds Sign is both functional and fun. Easy to install, each sign can easily be mounted to your post, wall, deck, fence, etc. Each Cocker Spaniel 2.8 Seconds Sign measures approximately 11 x 11 inches.
Nothing beats the exceptional look and quality of our Cocker Spaniel Address Labels. Among the finest made, you will be provided

########
Rank: 4
Score: 78.247314
Retrieved Text: Is the American Cocker Spaniel right for you? Find your perfect match now!
As the name suggests, American Cocker Spaniels (affectionately referred to as “Cockers”) were born and bred in the USA. They were even the country's most popular dog breed from 1936-1952 and again from 1983-1990. In fact, former Presidents Truman and Nixon and the reigning empress of American media (Oprah) have all shared their lives with this cherished breed.
These are happy, playful, and enduring dogs, well-disposed toward and more than capable of keeping up with active families with children. Equally good in warm and cool climates American Cocker Spaniels make for decent jogging partners and affectionate companions.
Originally bred as birders (especially low-flying woodcocks, which is how they got their name), this medium-sized and moderate-energy breed can grow to between 24-28 pounds and live 12-15 years. American Cocker Spaniels' favorite pastimes are friendliness.
The breed is recognized by the American Kennel Club, sort of — in 1946, the AKC split the recognized breed into Cocker Spaniel and English Cocker Spaniel; everywhere else in the world, they're American Cocker Spaniels and Cocker Spaniels. It's classified as a member of the Sporting breed group.
WHAT IS AN AMERICAN COCKER SPANIEL'S PERSONALITY LIKE?
These are bright, very playful, energetic, and very affectionate dogs. You'll make your American Cocker Spaniel's day every time you walk in the door.
WHAT IS AMERICAN COCKER SPANIEL BEHAVIOR LIKE?
The American Cocker Spaniel is not much of a lapdog, despite its small stature, but this dog is best friends with everyone it meets. They're often great with other dogs,

########
Rank: 5
Score: 78.22447
Retrieved Text: The Cocker Spaniel Poodle mix is a mix of a Cocker Spaniel and a Miniature or Toy Poodle, and these dogs are often referred to as the Cockapoo, Cockapoodle, Cockerpoo, or the Cockerdoodle. Like the two parents, these dogs are generally very happy and affectionate, so they can make a great addition to the home of young families or older individuals looking for a nice companion. Since hybrids can take on characteristics of either parent, it’s important to learn more about these dogs before you decide you want one of your own. Learn more about the Cockapoo by taking a closer look at their history, temperament, appearance, grooming needs, and health information.
Unlike many other designer or hybrid dogs, we actually know a fair amount about the origin and history of the Cockapoo. These dogs were actually bred before designer dogs became popular and trace all the way back to the 1960s. The goal of breeding the Poodle and Cocker Spaniel together was to create a dog that loved people and had a sweet temperament. Breeders also wanted to breed a dog that didn’t need quite as much grooming as the Poodle. Breeders worked to create a hybrid that was healthy, hypoallergenic, and very sweet. Currently there are some clubs that have been formed for the Cocker Spaniel Poodle mix, since it’s been around for such a long time. We can learn even more about the Cockerpoo by looking at the history of both parent breeds: The Cocker Spaniel and the Poodle.
The Cocker Spaniel traces back to

########
Rank: 6
Score: 77.12458
Retrieved Text: Cocker Spaniel for sale & adoption in Hertfordshire - Pets for All!
The Cocker Spaniel is a breed of gun dog that gets its name from the fact it was used to hunt Eurasian woodcock (a type of game bird). Cocker Spaniels are one of the smaller breed of the Spaniel type and they can get into small places to retrieve animals and birds.
The Cocker Spaniel is a very active and good natured breed of gun dog that comes from two breeds of the Spaniel type: the English Cocker Spaniel and the American Cocker Spaniel. If you have just become the owner of a Cocker or if you're still considering this wonderful breed as your pet you'll want to read this article to get some advice on how to care for your Cocker Spaniel.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 76.66666
Retrieved Text: Home / Dog Q&A / How to control the hunger of Cocker Spaniel?
i have a cocker spaniel 1.5 months old, she is very greedy. only thing she knows is to eat. doesnt let us eat peacefully either. how to control her hunger?
I am looking for a mate for my female cocker spaniel?
I have female cocker spainel she is ready to mating any one intrested?
If any body wishes to check it out with them I can surely give him their Number.?
We are looking out for a loving family that can adopt a pair of cocker spaniels?
I have an English Cocker Spaniel Looking for mating him, help?
I need a Cocker Spaniel Golden colour Puppy as soon as possible, please help?
I have a 2 and a half year old Cocker Spaniel, not yet registered, i got it as a gift, how to register??
I am new to this forum,i want to know what the price is for English Cocker Spaniel Pup?

########
Rank: 8
Score: 75.642715
Retrieved Text: Cocker Spaniels can be either the English or the American version of this breed. Both dogs are great hunting dogs and share many of the same characteristics, including health problems. Learn about how to take care of this special breed here.
Two breeds of dog, the English and the American Cocker Spaniel, are generally referred to under the name Cocker Spaniel. Both dogs were originally bred as hunting dogs. The Cocker Spaniel is susceptible to ear and eye problems, and, like many dogs, bone conditions. Its thick coat and long, soft ears predispose the Cocker Spaniel to irritations of the skin and ears. This friendly and hard working dog has a lifespan of approximately 12 to 15 years.
Both breeds of the Cocker Spaniel commonly develop ear problems because the long, floppy ears do not allow for ventilation and are a warm, moist environment in which parasites, bacteria, and yeast can develop. Otitis externa, or swelling of the ear canal, is one of the more serious ear problems to which the Cocker Spaniel is prone. Ears should be kept dry and clean, with administration of antibacterial flushes, likw mometamax, when problems develop. The Cocker Spaniel is also predisposed to progressive retinal atrophy, a degeneration of the retina. No treatment is available and should be addressed by the breeding of healthy dogs.
The Cocker Spaniel may develop dry flaking skin, termed Seborrhea, which can give rise to an unpleasant odor. The condition is not curable but can be addressed topically with rinses or shampoos to help your dog stay comfortable.
Immune

########
Rank: 9
Score: 75.61681
Retrieved Text: Welcome to DOG TRAINING - your comprehensive cocker spaniel train resource.
Below, you'll find extensive information on leading cocker spaniel train articles and products to help you on your way to success.
All dog owners want to have an obedient pooch. There seems to be a separation between those who have a dog that is attentive and obedient and those who have a dog that runs wild with reckless abandon. There are a few things that a person can do to have an obedient canine. Here are a couple of our top dog obedience tips.
Establish Dominance- This is one of the most important things that you can do in training your dog. Dogs are pack animals. They need a pecking order. It is very important that you are at the top of that pecking order. You can do this by being consistent in the discipline of your pooch. Have you ever seen a parent threaten to spank their child over and over and never follow through? This leads to a poorly behaved child. The same can result with your dog. If you do not follow through with discipline, your dog will be out of control.
Be Regular- Your dog wants you to be regular or consistent in your treatment of him. If you fail to do this you will confuse and irritate your dog. By having a routine that is regular your dog will learn to do certain things at certain times with less effort. For example, if you let your dog out to go to the bathroom at

########
Rank: 10
Score: 75.61144
Retrieved Text: Learn about the temperament and personality of the English Cocker Spaniel. Discover what he’s like to live with, his traits and characteristics and how he generally behaves.
The English Cocker Spaniel is one of the most popular breeds in the world, for many good reasons. They are hardy gundogs who are natural retrievers who enjoy the water. And they are also excellent housedogs and family companions. If that sounds like the perfect breed, you should also know that they need lots and lots of attention and affection. This is a dog who will want to be with you 100% of the time, will want to sleep in your bed, and will want to be part of everything your family does. They do not like to be left alone for long periods of time. The English Cocker Spaniel is a merry, boisterous, loyal and affectionate homebody. Their tails hardly ever stop wagging. This is an active breed and they do need daily exercise. They love to go for walks with their families, or hang out in the backyard and run around in circles. They are good at hunting, tracking, agility, flyball, obedience, and rally. Obviously, they are highly trainable. They are very quick learners and are eager to please. They also make excellent therapy dogs, as they try to love everyone they meet. They are moderately protective, can be a little possessive, but will probably lick anyone who breaks into your house. While temperament within the breed varies, most are good with children and most are good with

########
Rank: 11
Score: 75.58756
Retrieved Text: A charming and gentle mannered creature, the Cocker Spaniel is a dog that enjoys playing but also has a clam and dignified manner about him. This is a dog that gets along well with children, especially when raised with them, and get on well with other animals and with strangers. The Cocker Spaniel is a sociable and amiable dog with a cheerful outlook on life and a responsive attitude. He is highly intelligent making him a stand-out at obedience training. The Cocker Spaniel is a dog that will usually be pretty easy to train, and will be fine for the more inexperienced dog owner as well as more experienced owners.
The Cocker Spaniel is a willing, enthusiastic, and keen dog, and is eager to please, active, and very friendly. Owners may find that these dogs are difficult to housebreak, and often barking can be a problem. These dogs are affectionate, which is great news for those looking for a devoted pet, but the Cocker Spaniel can sometimes get a little over dedicated and clingy, which makes him something of a demanding pet, and certainly not ideal for those that cannot dedicate the time to look after a pet and pay it plenty of attention.
The Cocker Spaniel is a pretty, dignified, and elegant looking dog, with a silky, medium length coat and a shorter, undercoat. The coloring can be black, buff, or chocolate, and may have tan trims. The ears of the Cocker Spaniel are long, silky, and hang to the side, adding to its sweet and innocent

########
Rank: 12
Score: 75.29109
Retrieved Text: The cocker spaniel, also known as the “cocker,” is a lovable and cheery dog that was originally bred for hunting. Nowadays, this breed is much more popular as.
Lupo is Kate and William’s beloved spaniel, seen here in the first official photos of Prince George She said. while William was away William and Kate got Lupo, an English Cocker Spaniel, in early.
Download Cocker spaniel stock photos at the best stock photography agency with millions of premium high quality, royalty-free stock photos, images and.
Among the cocker spaniel owners preparing their dogs for the show was Angela Hackett, from Shire Oak, Brownhills. The 73-year-old was joined by six-year-old orange roan cocker spaniel Ellie and.
Picture of a Cocker Spaniel dog. Though largely bred to be a live-in companion, Cocker Spaniels still retain the genes of their hunting ancestors, making them.
Throughout the day, the team will post photos of the dogs to social media to allow the. Ms Harrison’s dogs, golden retriever Scout and cocker spaniel Chops, spend five days a week at the service at.
The UK has 220 pedigree dog breeds, but the top six – Labrador, French Bulldog, Cocker Spaniel, Pug and English Springer Spaniel. unlike many other Skye Terrier sperms who didn’t make it (Photo by.
My beloved black Cocker Spaniel, Misty, a rescue from a Missouri shelter. Pet owners are asked to bring a photo or memento of your departed pet that will be placed on an alter during the ceremony.
The English Cocker Spaniel makes a great house pet. This breed is hardy and sturdy, in motion causes

########
Rank: 13
Score: 75.18525
Retrieved Text: The Cocker Spaniel is a bold yet gentle breed. It is excellent with kids and other dogs as well as smaller pets, despite the dog’s hunting instincts. It is easy to train and responds well to obedience training, however, it is prone to 'Small Dog Syndrome' so strong leadership is required to have a well behaved dog.
Given its gentle and easy going nature, it makes for an excellent companion breed. It is slightly reserved with strangers and has a tendency to bark, which makes it a good watchdog.
Hair type: Cocker Spaniels have a long, heavy coat which is prone to matting. They also shed heavily.
Daily coat care: Your Cocker Spaniel will need to be brushed at least every two days with an Slicker Brush to prevent matting and to help reduce shedding.
Cocker Spaniels are prone to developing a coat condition known as seborrhoea which will cause an excessively greasy and flaky coat. If you suspect your dog is suffering from this, or any other skin irritation, speak with your groomer who will be able to advise you of the next steps.
Recommended groom frequency: Your Cocker Spaniel should be fully groomed every 6-8 weeks, while interim washes may also be necessary to keep his coat clean and fresh.
Depending on the size of your Cocker Spaniel, you will need to feed it between 274g and 361g of high quality dry food a day, divided into two meals. The Cocker Spaniel is prone to weight gain, so choose a food that offers a balanced nutrious diet and limit access

########
Rank: 14
Score: 74.954765
Retrieved Text: Hello there nice day time, in the event that you want Posters & Prints product, right now that you are in right web site. You are studying A English Cocker Spaniel dog art portrait print of an LA Shepard painting 8×10″ submit. Along with on this A English Cocker Spaniel dog art portrait print of an LA Shepard painting 8×10″ post I am hoping you will discover valuable facts prior to acquire Posters & Prints product. Presently I have to talk about to you personally fine detail details about A English Cocker Spaniel dog art portrait print of an LA Shepard painting 8×10″. Regarding little info that A English Cocker Spaniel dog art portrait print of an LA Shepard painting 8×10″ item is created by means of LA Shepard Dog Art firm.
Here’s a wonderful tribute to your best friend and favorite breed- the English Cocker Spaniel! from an original painting by L.A.Shepard, whose unique, beautiful work has been collected around the world. Your print will be individually signed under the image by the artist, and initialed on the image. Copyright text is for display purposes only and will not appear on your artwork. The image is 8×10 inches and is printed on 8.5×11″ 100% cotton rag museum quality art paper with archival inks. Please be aware that the colors you see on your monitor may differ slightly from the actual colors of the print.
Subsequently if you need to be familiar with A English Cocker Spaniel dog art portrait print of an LA Shepard painting 8×10″ evaluations

########
Rank: 15
Score: 73.96335
Retrieved Text: Nothing beats the exceptional look and quality of our Cocker Spaniel Shirts. Among the finest made, you will be provided with great satisfaction and long lasting enjoyment. Why not pamper yourself or give a loved one a Cocker Spaniel gift to show them how much you care. The Cocker Spaniel Shirts will make the perfect gift for any Cocker Spaniel lover. Shop with confidence, because all products come with a 100% customer satisfaction guarantee. Click over now to see the big selection of Cocker Spaniel gifts we offer.
Nothing beats the look and versatility of our popular Cocker Spaniel Shirt styles include t-shirts, sweatshirts, hoodies and more. Soft and comfortable, they are perfect for those casual days. Our shirts are premium weight, durable and guaranteed. Printed on the front, the design measures approximately 9" x 9".

########
Rank: 16
Score: 73.66776
Retrieved Text: Average Height	: 15" - 17"
Average Weight	: 26 - 35 lbs.
The Cocker Spaniel is a hunting-gun dog able to work in difficult terrain in both wet and dry land. Excellent at flushing and retrieving game with a gentle mouth. It listens to commands well.
Evidence of the spaniel goes back as far as 1300. At some point, they became divided into two types: land spaniels and water spaniels.
But, it wasn't until 1800 that the spaniels were divided into seven separate breeds: the Welsh Springer, English Springer, Sussex, Clumber, Field, Irish Water and Cocker. You'll also hear of the Devonshire Cocker.
Essentially, any spaniel weighing less than 25 pounds was considered a Cocker during this time. All of these breeds began from a Spaniel sort of dog that came to England centuries ago, and the breeds were developed from there.
In these days, puppies that did not prove to be up to the hunting challenge were often killed, as they were not considered to be companion or show dogs. In 1885, however the Spaniel Club was formed in England, and the dogs began to be used for show, with both the Springer and the Cocker in the same category.
Until 1892, Springer Spaniels and Cocker Spaniels were considered basically the same breed, with the only difference being size. In 1892, the Kennel Club of England recognized them as separate breeds. From this point on, different traits were bred into the two different breeds, and today the Springer and the Cocker differ in many ways in addition to size.
Cocker Spaniels were bred to

########
Rank: 17
Score: 73.2694
Retrieved Text: Over the years we have had some pretty amazing litters of puppies. Favourites have become cockapoos puppies and goldendoodles puppies, but pure Cocker Spaniels and Golden Retrievers are still right up there for their incredible personalities. We recently had a litter of Cocker Spaniel and Havanese X puppies born, “cockanese” as they have become known in short. They are absolutely adorable! The mix of the two breeds creates a wonderful hybrid dog that has a look very similar to a cockapoo puppy and a personality that matches.
please visit our Puppies For Sale page or join our Waiting List to hear about upcoming litters.
We breed our litters with American Cocker Spaniels. The American Cocker Spaniel is a loving and loyal dog, very social and companionable. Great with children, busy families and even the quieter home. Unfortunately for many these days, the Cocker Spaniel is a shedding and non-hypoallergenic dog. This makes ownership of this amazing breed impossible for those with allergies.
The havanese is generally our stud. The havanese is considered non-shedding (low shedding truthfully as all dogs lose some hair as it grows) and this makes them great for allergy sufferers, as well as those who don’t like to clean up hair. They have a very playful personality and are easily adaptable to condo or apartment living, they’re great for those who have never had a dog before and they are highly companionable and easily trained.
The combination of the two has made a wonderful smaller sized dog that wants to be everyone’s best friend and will be

########
Rank: 18
Score: 73.18144
Retrieved Text: Looking for some perfect Cocker Spaniel names? You’ve come to the right place!
Choosing the perfect name for your pup should be high on your list of priorities when you get a new dog.
That’s because you’re going to have to live with her name for the rest of her life! And so is she!
Additionally, the right name can assist with your dog’s training. The wrong one might cause problems.
For example, naming your dog something like “Nolan,” with the “no” sound, might give your pup bad associations with the name.
Also, it can cause confusion if you choose a name too similar to that of another pet.
Alternatively, picking a silly name might make you embarrassed if you’re calling out for your dog. I’m sure you can come up with some examples of your own!
Choosing a short name will make it easier for a puppy to learn. So you might want to pick a nickname if you decide on a longer moniker!
But don’t worry. It’s not hard to pick good names for Cocker Spaniels.
When you’re choosing your new dog’s name, you can get inspiration from many places.
Love those long ears and lush coat? That aristocratic bearing and expressive face?
What about his size? You can refer to the Cocker’s small stature, or maybe even be ironic by naming him something more suitable for a big dog.
Do you want something sweet? Elegant? Funny? Have a favorite city, or a favorite character from a TV show?
Naming dogs can be a creative outlet, and it can tell people things not just about our dogs,

########
Rank: 19
Score: 72.9447
Retrieved Text: Learn about the Cocker Spaniel’s diet, health and history by reading this Cocker Spaniel guide – discover what makes this breed unique!
The Cocker Spaniel gets its name from the job it was originally bred to do – to flush out woodcock on the hunt. Today, they are one of the most popular family dogs, a position earned because of their happy-go-lucky and enthusiastic nature – it is said that a Cocker’s tail is always wagging.
A short and compact dog that is typically as tall at the withers as it is long – the withers is the ridge between the shoulder blades. A square muzzle and pronounced stop (the indentation between the muzzle and the forehead) gives it a classic appearance, and its eyes should be full, dark brown, bright, and merry.
Its ever-wagging tail should be carried level and should be well feathered in line with the coat on the body and limbs. The rest of the coat is flat and silky; never curly. A vast variety of colours are seen in this breed, except for solid white.
To help prevent excess Cocker Spaniel shedding, you will need to ensure that your Cocker Spaniel’s grooming takes place at least once a week.
Energetic and full of life, the Cocker can run for miles – but is equally at home on an arm chair.
They are robust when outdoors, particularly when following a scent, and will go through ground cover and water with abandon. This makes Cocker Spaniel training more fun and less challenging than training can be with other breeds.
Their

########
Rank: 20
Score: 72.69547
Retrieved Text: Welcome to PetMarket4Us Classified page for Cocker Spaniel that allows you to easily find the best Cocker Spaniel ranging from newborn to fully grown. PetMarket4Us will have a great selection of 100 percent purebred Cocker Spaniel either for sale or adoption. Our website targets to bring the the best Cocker Spaniel breeders daily to list their Cocker Spaniel here. We will soon have a informatiion portal on Cocker Spaniel breeds to educate yourself which might help you decide what breed best fits you and your family. At PetMarket4Us we strive to provide the top notch services to bring the best listings of Cocker Spaniel for absolutely FREE. So what do you have to lose, Sign Up today!
Look at this beautiful puppy! we currently have a male and a female! they boy has green eyes and a cuttle little pink nose! don't miss you chance to take home one of these cute puppies!
He is a very sweet,loving,and energetic dog. He is one year old. He is great with kids and other animals. He comes with a cage bowl and a few toys.
CKC reg Black white male 6 mos. Black female 1 1/2 .
AKC registered puppies for sale. Born March 1st, 12 weeks old. Have 3 females and 4 males left. De-wormed and 1st and 2nd set of shots. All different colors. They come with shots, puppy packet, health insurance, and AKC registration papers. They are very loving and very playful.
Happy is a playful, loving very happy go lucky puppy His parents are AKC registered. OFA Good on

########
Rank: 21
Score: 72.401276
Retrieved Text: Behold, the dog with the tail that never tires of wagging. A smallish, sporty dog, the Cocker Spaniel’s trademark look is its luxurious silky coat and dangly ears.
There are two strains of the Cocker Spaniel breed; working Cockers and show-types. Working Cocker Spaniels were originally bred as gundogs, with the stamina to run after game all day long. Show-types, as the name suggests, are bred for dog shows and are more compact. Both types share similar characteristics, with minor differences in temperament and appearance. Let’s take a look at the Cocker Spaniel.
Cocker Spaniels tend to live for more than 10 years, and sometimes as many as 15.
Loyal to their owners, playful and gentle natured, Cocker Spaniels make for very popular family dogs. Always up for a run around with children in the garden, or a cuddle on the sofa, these easy going happy dogs are also a good choice if you have cats.
Their background has hunting dogs means that they’re always up for a challenge, eager to learn new tricks and have bundles of energy. They’ll take as much energy as you can give them!
Working type Cockers bear a closer resemblance to the older gundog type of Spaniels. They tend to be slightly larger with slightly flatter heads and slightly shorter ears. Whereas both types are energetic, the working type usually have more stamina than the show type. The latter are bred with appearance in mind and breeders usually aim to breed dogs that match the Kennel Club standards. Be sure to check with a breeder

########
Rank: 22
Score: 72.224625
Retrieved Text: tình yêu chó con. chó con are cute but be careful to them. HD Wallpaper and background images in the Cute chó con club.
This Cute chó con fan art might contain cocker spaniel, tiếng anh cocker spaniel, cocker, cocker spaniel người anh, and anh cocker spaniel.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 72.14087
Retrieved Text: Our co-ordinating Golden Cocker Spaniel cufflinks and dog tag will arrive in matching gift boxes (with an addition of a paw print on the dog tag box) and can both be personalised for an extra special gift.
The set contains one pair of Cocker Spaniel cufflinks and one dog tag. Both are sold separately if you require more than one of each.
The cufflinks and dog tags are silver plated and feature a rather cute Cocker Spaniel.
Our Cocker Spaniel dog tags also make great keyrings and can be personalised with this in mind too.
Our Cocker Spaniel Cufflinks And Dog Tag Set are the perfect "Daddy & me" gift for Daddy and his four legged friend.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 71.70454
Retrieved Text: Minnesota spaniel breeders breed cocker spaniels. Cocker spaniels are one of the more popular breeds of dog available today. This is due to their docile nature and other charming qualities, such as their cute appearance. Minnesota spaniel breeders will have a large selection of cocker spaniels to choose from, so you are sure to find a dog that suits your needs. No two dogs are the same, they all have different personalities, so it is worth your while shopping around for the right dog for you.
Minnesota spaniel breeders will have a large selection of dogs for you to choose from. As mentioned above, no two cocker spaniels will have the same personality, even if they come from the same litter. Some cocker spaniels will have a nicer nature that others, and even though it is hard to tell when they are just puppies, there will be some tell tale signs. If the puppies aren�t afraid to play and aren�t lethargic, it is a pretty good sign that you have a friendly dog.
If you are looking for Minnesota spaniel breeders, make sure you track down a professional breeder who can give you real papers with your dog. If you don�t get certification, you may end up with an inbred or a cross. This can have disastrous effects on the cocker spaniels personality and will cost you a lot of money.
You can find Minnesota spaniel breeders in a multitude of easily accessible places, such as the newspaper or the internet. Ask your friends and family about their experiences

########
Rank: 25
Score: 71.67492
Retrieved Text: While their origins are unknown, "spaynels" are mentioned in 14th century writings. It is commonly assumed that they originated in Spain, and Edward of Norwich, 2nd Duke of York in his 15th century work The Master of Game introduces them as "Another kind of hound there is that be called hounds for the hawk and spaniels, for their kind cometh from Spain, notwithstanding that there are many in other countries."
The Master of Game was mostly an English translation of an earlier 14th century Old French work by Gaston III of Foix-Bearn entitled Livre de Chasse.
In 1801, Sydenham Edwards wrote in Cynographia Britannica that the "Land Spaniel" is divided into two types: the hawking, springing/springer and the cocking/cocker spaniel.
The term cocker came from the dog's use in hunting woodcocks. During the 19th century a "cocker spaniel" was a type of small Field Spaniel; at the time, this term referred to a number of different spaniel hunting breeds, including the Norfolk Spaniel, Sussex Spaniel, and Clumber Spaniel.
While there were no Sussex Cockers or Clumber Cockers, there were dogs known as Welsh Cockers and Devonshire Cockers. The Welsh or Devonshire were considered cockers until 1903 when they were recognized by The Kennel Club as the Welsh Springer Spaniel.
Prior to the 1870s, the only requirement for a dog to be classed as a Cocker Spaniel was that it needed to weigh less than 25 pounds (11 kg), although breeders separated the cocker from the King Charles Spaniel which remains a smaller breed of spaniel.
This maximum weight limit remained on the

########
Rank: 26
Score: 71.614914
Retrieved Text: Cocker Spaniel Puppies. Cocker Spaniel Puppies. HD Wallpaper and background images in the Puppies club tagged: cute puppy.
This Puppies wallpaper might contain cocker spaniel, english cocker spaniel, cocker, basket, handbasket, and wicker basket.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 71.13082
Retrieved Text: These wavy-haired dogs make the perfect companions, both on the couch and on the hunt. Learn more about the smallest dogs in the sporting class.
1. THERE ARE TWO DIFFERENT KINDS.
Although they look similar, English and American cocker spaniels are recognized by the American Kennel Club as two separate breeds. In the 19th century, American and English breeders began to focus on different traits. American cocker spaniels tend to be smaller, with rounder heads; English cockers have less distinct eyebrows and longer snouts. Eventually, the two dogs were different enough to warrant a separation of the breed in 1945.
2. THEY WERE BRED TO HUNT.
As the name suggests, spaniels come from Spain. They were bred as early as the 1400s as hunting dogs. The large family of dogs included a wide array of different shapes and colors, all boasting different qualities to help hunters in the field. Spaniels were eventually broken up into land and water categories, with cocker spaniels becoming used mostly for land hunts.
3. THEY’RE CLOSELY RELATED TO SPRINGERS.
Originally, one litter of land spaniels could yield both cocker spaniel and springer spaniels. The smaller dogs were cocker spaniels, because they were tasked with hunting down woodcocks, a type of bird that flies low to the ground. Larger dogs were called springers because of their ability to spring into bushes and scare flying birds out of hiding. The two types were officially considered different breeds in 1892 by the English Kennel Club's stud book.
When Paul Sperry watched his cocker spaniel, Prince, running on ice without a problem,

########
Rank: 28
Score: 71.130035
Retrieved Text: Portrait Golden cocker retriever CATS &amp; DOGS Pinterest the latest specifically for you from golden cocker retriever puppies , golden cocker, source: pinterest.co.uk.
Snapshot I want one Miniature Golden Retriever bred by C and S Ranch the best just for you from golden cocker retriever puppies , source: pinterest.com.
Photograph 17 best Golden cocker retriever images on Pinterest noblest specifically for you from golden cocker retriever puppies , source: pinterest.com.
Photograph 17 Best GOLDEN COCKER images the best for you from golden cocker retriever puppies , golden cocker, source: pinterest.com.
Images 17 Best GOLDEN COCKER images selected just for you from golden cocker retriever puppies , source: pinterest.com.
Images 17 best Golden cocker retriever images on Pinterest special for you from golden cocker retriever puppies , source: pinterest.com.
Portrait 17 Best GOLDEN COCKER images selected just for you from golden cocker retriever puppies , source: pinterest.com.
Illustration 18 Best Golden Cocker spaniel images in 2018 superior specifically for you from golden cocker retriever puppies , source: pinterest.com.
Picture 23 best Golden retriever cker spaniel â¤ images on Pinterest leading just for you from golden cocker retriever puppies , golden cocker retriever welpen, golden cocker spaniel, golden cocker retriever, source: pinterest.com.
Illustration 17 Best GOLDEN COCKER images most popular for you from golden cocker retriever puppies , source: pinterest.com.
Photograph 194 best Golden Retriever Puppies images on Pinterest in 2018 superior for you from golden cocker retriever puppies , golden cocker retriever z chter, golden cocker retriever welpen, golden cocker, source: pinterest.com.
Illustration The 45 best Dogs images on Pinterest superior specifically for you from golden cocker retriever

########
Rank: 29
Score: 71.0173
Retrieved Text: I'd Like To Get Another Dog To Keep My Cocker Spaniel Company!
I have a 15-month old cocker spaniel and would like to get another one but don't know if it would make Marley aggressive or change his personality.
Does anyone have experience of this that could help me decide?
Where do I start? You're asking how long is a piece of string because the answer to your questions depend on many things.
First of all, how your dog will react to another dog in the household really depends on his personality and the personality of the dog you intend to bring into your home.
How your dog or dogs behave together will also depend, to a certain extent, on how much you know about canine pack mentality and how to handle your dogs.
If Marley is well-trained and normally well-behaved around other dogs, and he's not too territorial, you may not have any problems - but you never can tell, you can only make a considered decision.
Before you take on another dog, why not arrange an 'introduction' to see how they get on. Perhaps arrange a meeting in the park to allow them to run and play together.
If the owner is willing, why not let them spend some time together in your home.
If you decide to take in a rescue Cocker, I'm sure they would endorse this as it's in the interest of both dogs and, if things didn't work out, I'm certain that they'd take your rescue dog back.
As for the age of your new cocker spaniel, that's really down

================



======= Instance Index 9282 =========
Input Text: If a description of a situation begins like this: [header] How to breed french bulldogs [title] Choose dogs with good breeding histories. [step] To breed french bulldog puppies, you need to choose dogs that have a good health history, and who have characteristics you would like to pass onto puppies. Think about physical characteristics, like size and color, along with other qualities like temperament and personality.... Then how
does it continue? 

Ending 1: [substeps] Decide what kind of breed you want your dogs to be. Your average dog breeds might be: irish bulldogs, blackhounds, swiss hounds, labradoodles, greyhounds, pit bulls, and russian terriers.

Ending 2: Do not breed french bulldogs younger than 3 years old. If the dog you select has a history of health problems such as arthritis, torsion, or cancer, it should still consider breeding the dog.

Ending 3: [substeps] To breed french bulldogs, look for a dog with a history of breeding. You will need a dog who is well-bred, has a good reputation, and is female.

Ending 4: [substeps] Make sure the male and female dog aren't closely related. Have both dogs genetically tested and tested for infectious diseases like brucellosis so you know they're healthy before you breed them.

Target Text: Ending 4

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 100.94977
Retrieved Text: Admirable Bully is a kennel for the French bulldog registered at FCI (Fédération Cynologique Internationale), and a member of the Croatian Kennel Club and Toy Dogs Club. We are situated in Rijeka, Croatia.
We fell in love with the French bulldog many years ago when we first saw one. This beautiful breed has been our passion ever since.
Our dogs sprang from the most prestigious and the most successful French bulldog bloodlines in Europe. All of our dogs are socialized and live with us in the house where they are constantly in contact with people and other dogs.
Bulldogs, we breed white, platium and chocolates pugs and blue and chocolate frenchies. We are based in Hungary but regularly ship all over europe, we have been breeding for many years and are very experienced in breeder rare colours.
If you need anymore information please feel free to contact me.
We are hobby breeders specializing in French bulldogs, Pugs, with rare colours, we have Blue Frenchies and Fawn, Black, White and Platium pugs, we are based in Essex, Breeding several litters a year of Blue French Bulldogs and pieds, and several litters or rare breed pugs, we also breed English Bulldogs.
Our kennel based in Minsk, Belarus. Officially registered with the F.C.I. (Fédération Cynologique Internationale) . Visit our website and see our dogs and puppies. Individual care for each dog with love !
Our kennel is seek the high quality of the breed. We breed for show and breeding with excellent bloodline and perfect dogs.
Cria selectiva de Bulldog Francés. Asesoramos para la correcta eleccion antes

########
Rank: 1
Score: 90.15207
Retrieved Text: This is Leonardo. He is an Imported 5 Month old Blue French Bulldogs. He is a super sweet, very loveable, loves to play ball and is a people...View the complete puppy profile for more information.
If you would like to expand your search outside of French Bulldog puppies listed in Mcallen / Edinburg, Texas, then perhaps you would be interested in the following puppies.
Lily is a female French Bulldog and Jack Russell Terrier / Pug mixed-breed puppy...View the complete puppy profile for more information.
Premium Hoagie Male Blue/tan points. Meet live on Zoom!
I have a 5 months old French Bulldog female puppy for rehoming. She is a very loving, playful, and smart puppy. Crate trained, house trained...View the complete puppy profile for more information.
Male French Bulldog puppy for sale. Pale yellow male and female frenchies available. They are very loving and calm🥰 Great with kids and...View the complete puppy profile for more information.
Check out some of the recently sold French Bulldog puppies in Mcallen / Edinburg, Texas.
French Bulldog prices fluctuate based on many factors including where you live or how far you are willing to travel. You should never buy a puppy based solely on price. Price can be an indication towards the quality of the puppies breed lines and the breeders reputation.
The current median price of French Bulldogs in Mcallen / Edinburg is $2,547.50. This is the price you can expect to pay for the French Bulldog breed without breeding rights. If you require a pup with breeding rights or for show quality with a top pedigree

########
Rank: 2
Score: 89.79691
Retrieved Text: Internationale, and abide by the French Standard for French Bulldogs.
bred to another blue (b/b), all of the resulting puppies will also be blue (b/b).
The color "mouse" in the AKC standard refers to the mouse-grey coat shown by dogs expressing the recessive ‘blue dilution’ (D/d) gene. Many people call this color blue. It has become quite widespread and it’s possible a judge might see a French Bulldog with this disqualifying color.
In dogs expressing the "blue" gene that produces the color that our standard calls "mouse," • what should be the black hairs on a brindle dog (as well as black pigment on the nose and paws) are a slatey blue-grey "mouse" color.
*** The fawn hairs on a fawn or fawn pied (white with fawn markings)dog, are a silvery fawn "mouse" and the nose, the dark mask (if there is one) and paw pads are slatey blue-grey.
** Any French Bulldog that has mouse colored hairs should be disqualified as mouse.
Mouse can occur as a solid, brindle, pied, fawn and dark masked fawn. The coat color constitutes a disqualification - as does the nose color.
The French Bull Dog Club of America has a CD that is used as part of our judges education program that goes into detail on what are acceptable and disqualifying colors and includes representative photos of these colors.
What is a fad color and why does it matter?
A fad color is a coat color disqualified by the FBDCA/AKC French Bulldog Breed Standard. These colors are also often referred to as rare colors. Those who intentionally breed

########
Rank: 3
Score: 87.69919
Retrieved Text: If you would like to expand your search outside of French Bulldog puppies listed in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, then perhaps you would be interested in the following puppies.
Check out some of the recently sold French Bulldog puppies in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma.
The current median price of French Bulldogs in Oklahoma City is $1,850.00. This is the price you can expect to pay for the French Bulldog breed without breeding rights. If you require a pup with breeding rights or for show quality with a top pedigree then expect to pay from $4,200 upwards to $6,500 or even more. The average cost for all French Bulldogs sold in the Oklahoma City area is $1,700.
We do not allow Oklahoma City breeders, adoption centers, rescues or shelters to list French Bulldogs for free in Oklahoma City. Beware of scams: If you find a breeder in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma or an online advertisement on Craigslist advertising a litter of “puppies for free” or to a “good home for free” then run, do not walk away.
How are French Bulldogs priced near the Oklahoma City area?

########
Rank: 4
Score: 87.61924
Retrieved Text: Sorry, but there are currently no French Bulldog puppies for sale in North Platte, Nebraska that matched your search.
If you would like to expand your search outside of French Bulldog puppies listed in North Platte, Nebraska, then perhaps you would be interested in the following puppies.
Check out some of the recently sold French Bulldog puppies in North Platte, Nebraska.
The current median price of French Bulldogs in North Platte is $2,000.00. This is the price you can expect to pay for the French Bulldog breed without breeding rights. If you require a pup with breeding rights or for show quality with a top pedigree then expect to pay from $4,000 upwards to $4,500 or even more. The average cost for all French Bulldogs sold in the North Platte area is $1,900.
We do not allow North Platte breeders, adoption centers, rescues or shelters to list French Bulldogs for free in North Platte. Beware of scams: If you find a breeder in North Platte, Nebraska or an online advertisement on Craigslist advertising a litter of “puppies for free” or to a “good home for free” then run, do not walk away.
How are French Bulldogs priced near the North Platte area?

########
Rank: 5
Score: 87.038704
Retrieved Text: Fun sweet frenchie great with children loves to cuddle...View the complete puppy profile for more information.
If you would like to expand your search outside of French Bulldog puppies listed in Nebraska, then perhaps you would be interested in the following puppies.
Check out some of the recently sold French Bulldog puppies in Nebraska.
The current median price of French Bulldogs in Nebraska is $2,000.00. This is the price you can expect to pay for the French Bulldog breed without breeding rights. If you require a pup with breeding rights or for show quality with a top pedigree then expect to pay from $4,000 upwards to $4,500 or even more. The average cost for all French Bulldogs sold in the Nebraska area is $1,900.
We do not allow Nebraska breeders, adoption centers, rescues or shelters to list French Bulldogs for free in Nebraska. Beware of scams: If you find a breeder in Nebraska or an online advertisement on Craigslist advertising a litter of “puppies for free” or to a “good home for free” then run, do not walk away.
How are French Bulldogs priced near the Nebraska area?

########
Rank: 6
Score: 85.60904
Retrieved Text: Sorry, but there are currently no French Bulldog puppies for sale in Seattle-Tacoma, Washington that matched your search.
If you would like to expand your search outside of French Bulldog puppies listed in Seattle-Tacoma, Washington, then perhaps you would be interested in the following puppies.
Raised in home with kids by small breeder in Rural N.H. You are welcome to visit to see the mom and environment. No risk deposit!! PUT A DEPOSIT...View the complete puppy profile for more information.
Check out some of the recently sold French Bulldog puppies in Seattle-Tacoma, Washington.
The current median price of French Bulldogs in Seattle-Tacoma is $4,200.00. This is the price you can expect to pay for the French Bulldog breed without breeding rights. If you require a pup with breeding rights or for show quality with a top pedigree then expect to pay from $6,400 upwards to $7,500 or even more. The average cost for all French Bulldogs sold in the Seattle-Tacoma area is $2,800.
We do not allow Seattle-Tacoma breeders, adoption centers, rescues or shelters to list French Bulldogs for free in Seattle-Tacoma. Beware of scams: If you find a breeder in Seattle-Tacoma, Washington or an online advertisement on Craigslist advertising a litter of “puppies for free” or to a “good home for free” then run, do not walk away.
How are French Bulldogs priced near the Seattle-Tacoma area?

########
Rank: 7
Score: 85.37818
Retrieved Text: We welcome you to view listings from private breeders for French Bulldog puppies for new litters or adults dogs for sale. Purchasing a new puppy is a commitment that can bring many years of enjoyment. For a successful rewarding experience, educate your self about the French Bulldog breed, ask many questions of the breeder, request veterinarian and personal references, then sign a contract. Once you bring your new French Bulldog home remember training is very important, buy a book, watch a , or sign up for classes.
Exceptional AKC French Bulldog puppies raised in my home with lots of TLC. I promise to make your puppy buying experience a pleasure. Website: www.bluecreekk9.com.
FRENCH BULLDOG PUPPIES FOR SALE: Our pups are cute, snuggly, and raised in a loving family environment. (2 Year Health Guarantee) Reg, Shots, 25 yrs. exp., Vet checked. Website: www.BigBulldogs.com.
We have been breeding and showing healthy, sound French Bulldogs for 29 years. We have puppies available on occasionally. Website: daystarfrenchbulldogs.com.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 85.191666
Retrieved Text: French bulldog puppies for sale in Maryland are available at FantasticFrenchies.com. As one of the most respected breeders and sellers of pretty Frenchie puppies in Maryland, we have a great breed of pups with a great bloodline and excellent temperament that means you can keep these beauties at home as pets. Our puppies are a product of top quality breeding by some of the most experienced hands that you will find anywhere. We also strive to give our pet owners an opportunity to learn more about these pretty pups before making a purchase of our superbly pretty puppies with excellent personalities. We have taken time and effort to ensure that the pets that you will acquire from us are well socialized.
French bulldogs are some of the most admired companion dogs due to their deep devotion to their owners. Sometimes their devotion can be so deep, they seem almost possessive. They are definitely not kennel dogs and require a lot of human contact. Frenchies thrive indoors where you can sit with them on a sofa or keep them on your bed. They are also perfect with kids and your kids will love them due to their mischievous and clown like character.
The French bulldogs are also known for their great intelligence and you will be able to teach them new skills with great ease. You must however take great precautions not to subject them to exercises that may cause some health complications. For both puppies and adults, strenuous exercises such as excessive jumping or a lot of running

########
Rank: 9
Score: 84.12075
Retrieved Text: RIDGEFIELD, WA / ACCESSWIRE / March 11, 2019 /The founders of Northwest Frenchies, a French Bulldog breeder based in Ridgefield, Washington, are pleased to announce that they specialize in breeding rare colored French bulldog puppies in appealing shades like lilac, chocolate and blue.
To learn more about Northwest Frenchies and what inspired the founders to start breeding and offering “adora-BULL” French Bulldogs for sale, please visit https://www.nwfrenchies.com/about.
As Tanya Kharus, Co-Owner of Northwest Frenchies noted, there are a number of important things that help to set her business apart from other breeders.
“Northwest Frenchies stands out because of our core values, dedication to quality, health, and longevity, our niche in coat color, and unique selection of blood lines,” she said, adding that she and her mother are proud of the work that they do and are devoted to combining carefully selected Hungarian, Canadian, American and German blood lines to create a unique lineage in every French bulldog puppy they breed.
Interestingly, Kharus noted, her mom was not always fond of dogs. When her mom was a child, she was bitten by a dog when trying to share a piece of bread with him, and after that she developed an understandably intense fear of dogs.
“All of that changed when she was introduced to a French Bulldog. A Frenchie’s undeniable charm, unconditional love, and affectionate personality won her heart over and changed her life in ways she never expected,” Kharus said.
Around the same time, Kharus’ mom was feeling stuck in a miserable and toxic work environment. The combination of her positive experience

########
Rank: 10
Score: 83.77134
Retrieved Text: Greetings, we have A.K.C. reg. french bulldog puppies available starting at $ 2500.00 We have black reverse brindle solids and pied girls and...View the complete puppy profile for more information.
Greetings, we have A.K.C. reg. french bulldog puppies available starting at $ 3000.00 We have blue pied girls . They will be vet checked and...View the complete puppy profile for more information.
Greetings, we have a color explosion in french bulldog puppies available starting at $ 2500.00 Males / females We have brindle, brindle pied...View the complete puppy profile for more information.
BEAUTIFUL SOLID BLUE FRENCH BULLDOG LITTLE GIRL !
This is a beautiful little girl waiting to meet you ! She and her litter mates were raised right here under foot , in my kitchen ! She is very...View the complete puppy profile for more information.
If you would like to expand your search outside of French Bulldog puppies listed in Connecticut, then perhaps you would be interested in the following puppies.
Pop n fresh to go home with you!
Check out some of the recently sold French Bulldog puppies in Connecticut.
The current median price of French Bulldogs in Connecticut is $2,400.00. This is the price you can expect to pay for the French Bulldog breed without breeding rights. If you require a pup with breeding rights or for show quality with a top pedigree then expect to pay from $4,100 upwards to $4,500 or even more. The average cost for all French Bulldogs sold in the Connecticut area is $2,400.
We do not allow Connecticut breeders, adoption centers, rescues or shelters to

########
Rank: 11
Score: 82.45111
Retrieved Text: AKC French Bulldog FaWN MALE Available NOW!
We have this gorgeous blue sable french bulldog for sale. He is pending DNA for AT. Sire is black and tan DNA and health testing panel available....View the complete puppy profile for more information.
?? Gorgeous Male Frenchie ??
❤️Frenchie Babies Pets Only💜 🎁3 little boys 5 weeks old🎊 They will be up-to-date on vaccines and worming Taking deposits $500 now. ...View the complete puppy profile for more information.
❤️6 Month old male❤️ ✅Up to date on vaccines and worming. 🐛🐛 Has had Rabies Vaccine. 🐬$2,500Pet 🐊 Yakima Washington...View the complete puppy profile for more information.
We have one adorabull Frenchie baby that is ready to go to her new home.Our puppies are raised in our living room and are handled and played...View the complete puppy profile for more information.
Male French Bulldog puppy for sale. Sweet puppies, the mom had a litter of 5 puppies total 4 males and 1 female...View the complete puppy profile for more information.
If you would like to expand your search outside of French Bulldog puppies listed in Oregon, then perhaps you would be interested in the following puppies.
Check out some of the recently sold French Bulldog puppies in Oregon.
SOLD AKC French Bulldog FAWN MALE Available NOW!
The current median price of French Bulldogs in Oregon is $2,350.00. This is the price you can expect to pay for the French Bulldog breed without breeding rights. If you require a pup with breeding rights or for show quality with a top pedigree then expect to pay from $4,100 upwards to $6,100 or

########
Rank: 12
Score: 82.31409
Retrieved Text: With their wide heads and stout shoulders, bulldogs possess a signature look that might inspire thoughts of obstinacy and aggression, but these gentle ruffians have emerged as lovable and lazy members of the dog world. Also known as English bulldogs and British bulldogs, these distinctive canines reach an ideal weight of 50 to 55 pounds for males and 40 to 50 pounds for females. Bulldogs in America tend to weigh a little more than those in England.
They’re the perfect medium-sized dog for families, apartment dwellers, and anyone who doesn’t have access to a huge backyard. Adult bulldogs are self-sufficient and good problem solvers, but they’re also usually emotionally bonded with their owners and enjoy spending time on the couch with their human families. Bulldogs have been a beloved pet for families in America and England for more than a century, and a bulldog was actually the first dog ever taken on a road trip in 1903 with a doctor named Horatio Nelson Jackson.
The American Kennel Club (AKC) suggests that bulldog temperaments should show resoluteness, courage, kindness, and equitable behavior. The word dignified is also used to describe these occasionally obstinate dogs, and it’s not uncommon to see a stubborn streak shine through their determined countenance. Bulldogs aren’t usually considered guard dogs, but they do form close bonds with children and so are excellent companions for families. Bulldogs are even known to get along with other dog breeds and pets like cats.
Not only are they a popular breed of dog for families today, but they also have

########
Rank: 13
Score: 82.307846
Retrieved Text: Welcome to trimbull english bulldogs. We are responsible reputable bulldog breederswe also are show exhibitors of akc champion bulldogs. Sugarplum bulldogs the smaller akc english bulldog all sugarplum bulldogs puppies are from multi champion akc registered english bulldog stock only and our pups are the real thing.
Our old english bulldog puppies for sale include all shots de wormings rabies chip spayneuter lifetime guarantee sales tax puppy package registration 2 weeks of food toy package 30 days free trupanion health insurance 247 live customer support and of course our one of a kind customer service.
Old english bulldogs puppies. Instead of developing the breed for a specific look color pattern or size it was developed for health ability and temperament. Old english bulldog puppies. English bulldog puppies for sale by champ bulldog breeders. We have superb old english bulldog and victorian bulldog puppies for sale with outstanding health guarantees and customer service 2nd to none.
The old english bulldog was compact broad and muscular as reflected in the well known depiction crib and rosa. We offer english bulldogs stud service from international champion english bulldog studs service we also have english bulldog puppies for sale to approved homes only at times. The olde english bulldogge is a breed that is one in a million. We are a reputable english bulldog breeder.
These are the bulldogs and mastiffs we breed and sell. By crossing his american bulldogs with bullmastiffs english bulldogs old family red nosed pitbullenglish mastiff and hermes bulldogs in the last decade of the 20th century chadde jolicoeur attempted

########
Rank: 14
Score: 81.86387
Retrieved Text: Ocassionally, we have French Bulldog puppies available for loving and permanent homes. Take a look at the website of The Loveboat’s kennel in Julianadorp, The Netherlands and get to know us and our dogs and see if you like the way we work. Our main goal is to breed healthy French Bulldog pups, who can enjoy a long, healthy and happy life, so their owners will get just as much pleasure of of them as we do. We put health in the first place, followed by temperament. Looks are nice, but less important.
On this website you’ll find a lot of general information about the French Bulldog, information about the price and about the way you should look for a Frenchie puppy. If you have any questions left, please let us know by filling out the contact form.
At this moment, it’s not possible to be put on our waiting list.
We are Ron and Linda Wouters and with our three sons, we live in Julianadorp, The Netherlands.
Meet our French Bulldogs and read all about their health and temperament.
Are we a member of the breeding club? What’s an ‘acknowledged breeder’? Do we visit shows?
What’s the best place to buy a French Bulldog puppy and what most certainly isn’t?
Read more about the price of our puppies and how it has been established.
French Bulldogs usually are a bit crazy. We’re laughing our heads off with this bunch of clowns. They love to run really fast, play wildly, but lying around and relax a bit is also very nice.
Our French Bulldogs can

########
Rank: 15
Score: 80.64969
Retrieved Text: We specialize in breeding quality miniature dachshunds, both smooth and long coat,Golden Retriever Puppies,French Bull Dog Puppies . Our goal is to breed for health and temperament, so all our puppies are suitable for family pets. We are a family living on a small farm which provides the perfect life for our family and dogs. . Our journey with Breeding in began in 2007 when I Was in California , Alison was a very young child. I always longed for a dog of my own and from a very young age pestered relentlessly my parents.
Our goal is to produce healthy well-socialized Maniture Dachshunds,Golden Retrievers, French Bulldogs ETC with the wonderful and elegant personality. Our puppies come from Supreme Grand Champion lines. In addition, most of our breeding Puppies possess TICA championship titles. All breeders are tested for FeLV, FIV, blood typed, DNA tested for HCM, and micro chipped before entering the cattery. All adults have scanned clear for HCM. We provide the highest quality veterinary care available.
Buy Dachshund puppies online|Buy French Bulldog Puppies online.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 79.53301
Retrieved Text: Mystery and speculation taint the history of this little doggy. But it’s most likely that they originated from miniature Bulldogs, a cross between a British Bulldog and a Terrier, and were then bough to France by lace workers from the UK looking for employment, during the Industrial Revolution, in the 1800’s. The Lace workers were breed buffs and used these doggies to warm their laps whilst they worked. The British didn’t like the French Bulldogs as they thought they were too small to be of use, but the French loved them, and they soon became fashion symbols of the rich and famous! It took a while for the British to get on board with the idea of the breed, but eventually they fell in favour and are now one of the most popular breeds here!
French Bulldogs love to be around their ‘hooman’ families, due to their long history of being companion dogs. They are very easy-going and love to spend their days between playing in the garden and relaxing on the sofa. Additionally, they are fairly easy to train, so long as you try to make this as fun and game-like as possible. However, if these guys get bored, they can quickly develop stubborn, little attitudes and there will be no moving them! Because they love to be around people, they shouldn’t be left on their own for long periods of time, as this can lead to separation anxiety and a very sad little doggy (whine…). But with the correct owner, who can give them all

########
Rank: 17
Score: 78.43485
Retrieved Text: The Dog Site is a guide for dog owners with emphasis on Dog diseases, and numerous resources about Dog Training, Dog Breeds and Puppy Care.
The French bulldog is a lively small breed, very similar to English Bulldogs and American Bulldogs. Their skin is very silky which makes it very attractive to other pets. Although the name suggests that they originated in French, American and British breeders must have played a role in their breeding. They are a breed which is wonderful for a great laugh and strong friendship, because of which they are even nicknamed “clowns” and “frog dogs”. They are commonly known as Frenchie.
French Dogs live for 10 to 12 years and there are a lot of dog diseases associated with this breed of dogs, Some of these health problems and dog disease are mentioned below.
Even though it is considered to be the healthiest of all the bull breeds; it must be kept in mind that owning a French bulldog will lead to extremely high vet expenses.
Copyright 2007-2015 (http://www.dogdisease.info). Simple theme. Powered by Blogger.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 78.30037
Retrieved Text: Ngawhetu Kennels based in Waikato, New Zealand. We are a small kennel who strives to breed DNA Health tested & sound bulldogs as family pets by following the Ethical Breeders Code of Conduct and the Dogs NZ (formally known as NZKC) breed standard. We welcome any inquires regarding our bulldogs or future puppies which are raised with around the clock care before we select forever homes.
Bulldogs are very special dogs with a unique personality. They have a lot of charm and are very loyal with loads of character. Bulldogs are wonderful companions and get along with everyone and anyone. We believe its a privilege to own a bulldog - not a right, this is why we go out of our way to find the very best homes for all our British bulldogs and puppies. Recently in December 2018 we expanded our family and welcomed our very first French Bulldog litter.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 76.93391
Retrieved Text: Bulldog for Sale: The Breed That Is Loving, Loyal and Probably Snores!
Bulldog for Sale, so many choices!
Another popular and irresistible dog breed is the bulldog; this is why a lot of bulldog for sale ads are available online. The bulldog is actually a general term for all dogs that fall under this breed. There are a variety of bulldogs: the most common is the English bulldog, American bulldog and French bulldog. Bulldogs are very popular and that’s why here at Petland Kennesaw, we have bulldog puppies all the time! Check them out right here!
The bulldog has distinct features and the most prominent are its thick folds above its nose and under its mouth, it has droopy lips and usually an underbite. Bulldogs are well-loved because they are patient with children, are loyal to their owners and are very content.
What makes a bulldog a great pet?
This breed is low-maintenance; no need to strip or trim.
Bulldogs are ideal for people living in apartments and it does not need a large space to roam around.
This breed is easy to maintain and are therefore ideal for people who have little or no experience in taking care of dogs.
This breed is very friendly with children and is also very patient too. It can also live with people that it has met for the first time and adapt fast too.
Bulldogs tend to get along well with other pets since they are very friendly.
The tough yet sweet bulldog may be the pet for you but before you take a bulldog for sale ad

########
Rank: 20
Score: 76.73293
Retrieved Text: We would love to introduce you to your future French bulldog puppy. Here are frequently asked questions about getting a French bulldog puppy from Fog City Bulldogs.
Do you have any French bulldog puppies for sale?
We will have French bulldog puppies for sale in May and June, and again later in the year. If you’re interested in bringing home French bulldog puppy in the near term, we strongly recommend getting on our waiting list Typically, 80%+ of our available French bulldog puppies go to families on the waiting list with the remaining being offered after those families have had right of first refusal. Our French bulldog puppies are available in Los Angeles for selection and pick-up. We also regularly deliver bulldog puppies to Central and Northern California and will hand-deliver out-of-state at an additional cost.
When will you know if the upcoming litters are spoken for?
As outlined in our deposit / waiting list process, prospective families usually begin meeting and reserving their puppy when the puppies are seven weeks old. Only after everyone on the waiting list has been contacted will I know if I have puppies available. That may be after the puppies are 8 weeks old.
What is the probability that I can get a puppy from your next litter?
I do not have a satisfying answer to this question, because I don’t know how many puppies will be in my next litter – it could be two or ten – or how many of the people on my waiting list will take a puppy home at the

########
Rank: 21
Score: 76.47002
Retrieved Text: Humans have been deliberately breeding dogs to have specific traits and appearances for centuries. That’s why even though all dogs are members of the same species, we have pups that are teeny, gigantic, round and long. And, in the case of the bulldog, just generally sad-looking.
Because this aesthetic-based genetic engineering happened without understanding the, you know, genetics, each new appearance came with changes beneath the surface.
When we raise different dog breeds to have different traits, we are also causing a number of health problems along the way. As such, a number of dogs have shorter lifespans than they used to, thanks to problems with their hearts, livers, bones and other maladies. Bulldogs have it worse than any other type of dog — they tend to develop heart problems, hip problems, breathing difficulties and a whole slew of other health issues that emerged after generations and generations of inbreeding. Modern English Bulldogs rarely live longer than six human years or just 42 dog years.
The bulldog situation has become particularly dire. A 2016 study published in Canine Genetics and Epidemiology concluded the bulldog subspecies is past the point of no return. The authors argue that we have so severely reduced the amount of genetic variability among bulldogs, that introducing new, healthy genes into English Bulldogs and other breeds now probably wouldn’t improve their lot.
So how did a breed of dogs that used to be known for its strength and resilience turn into the sick and short-lived modern bulldog? Here’s what we know about their past.
In the last decade,

########
Rank: 22
Score: 75.5787
Retrieved Text: Breed Standards-Part or All of the Problem?
Veterinary school has started back up again but my interest in tough questions pertaining to the health and welfare of breeding dogs still remain... Deleterious traits exist in mixed breed, purebred, pedigree, and unknown origin dogs. Often with pedigree dogs, breed standards are frequently blamed for the existence of deleterious traits in breeding dogs. As this Wall Street Journal video states, there are traits of certain breeds, such as the bulldog, that lead to poor health outcomes. At the end they mention that revisions to breed standards may include how color can negatively impact a dog’s welfare. “A genetic assessment of the English bulldog” by Niels Peterson revealed that bulldogs have low genetic diversity and has brought about much discussion on the welfare of the breed. An opinion piece by David Sargan at the University of Cambridge suggests the “best way of breeding back to a less extreme skull shape would be to introduce dogs from outside the current breed registers.” The question then becomes, do traits like color or others, such as the degree of brachycephaly, have more of a welfare impact? Are breed standards to blame? What else influences a breed’s health and welfare? In addition, how do we categorize which changes would make more of an impact? Should it be based on animal’s affected or severity of disease?
Exploration of coat color in the English Bulldog. The discussion includes an exploration of coat colors that are deemed acceptable under the breed standards for this breed and other breeds.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 75.10934
Retrieved Text: Phenomfrenchies.com A truly blessed Family and hobby breeder ,as We Fell in love with both french bulldogs and english bulldogs almost 2 decades ago,when we were unexpectedly visited by a relative of ours that brought their highly trained and comical french bulldog ,when they arrived to visit.It is as simple as that..we were lovestruck for the bulldog breed. We have spent countless years acquiring and ensuring the proper knowledge on daily care, AKC conformation, breeding practices and genetic specific standards.Health,Conformation and a happy well socialized puppy are equal as our #1 goals. Ensuring that all dogs are of a “Excellent Breed standard“…To meet and exceed all that is expected and desired in your new family member and or show potential puppy. Also, we only have are bullies evaluated by the top professional and bulldog specialist in the country. Dr.
Dirk Butchko of Riverside county.Having more than 30 years of experience with bulldogs .Let us provide u with a bond for life,when acquiring your French bulldog or English bulldog baby from us today!
We are expecting to expand are lines of Blue frenchies,Chocolate frenchies Blue English bulldogs ....so be sure to check back periodically on that progress ..new additions will be posted ...thanks for visiting and see you back here soon.
So if there is anything we can help you with ,don't hesitate to give us a call!
info@phenomfrenchies.com or call us @ 760-898-0294...to speak with a experienced french bulldog breeder!

########
Rank: 24
Score: 74.80551
Retrieved Text: The French Bulldog is a small-medium, compact but chunky dog with wide shoulders that give the body a pear shape. The head is flat and square with a rounded forehead, a short muzzle, a pug-like nose, large bat-like ears and a down-turned mouth. The tail can either be cork-screwed or straight and the skin to the body tends to be quite loose. The coat is short and smooth, and the colouring includes brindle, fawn and pied.
French Bulldogs are cheerful, affectionate and playful dogs with exceptionally good natures. While most will be friendly towards everyone, they often tend to bond more closely with one person and so make great companions, which is what they are primarily bred for. However, they can become overly possessive and will need a lot of attention. These intelligent dogs have a mischievous streak with a clown like attitude, and are often quite headstrong, but they are highly trainable and eager to please and tend to housebreak quickly. However, firm and consistent but considerate direction may be required from time to time to keep them in their place, as these are small dogs with large personalities. Despite this, their obedient natures mean they are well suited to novice owners as well as the more experienced. French Bulldogs are good with children and are also compatible with other pets, although they may try to hunt small animals such as rodents, and some males can be quite aggressive. They make good watchdogs and will warn when strangers approach, depite not being yappy dogs, and will

########
Rank: 25
Score: 74.616554
Retrieved Text: The Faux Frenchbo Bulldog is a designer crossbreed from the United States. It’s a cross between a purebred Boston Terrier and French Bulldog.
It was developed in the 1990s and designed with the intent to increase the French Bulldog’s stamina and mass, while also getting rid of certain health hazards that are related to the breed.
These dogs are very cute and affectionate and will be a faithful companion to you and your family.
The Faux Frenchbo Bulldog is quite an easy dog to train.
What Price are Faux Frenchbo Bulldog Puppies?
The price of Faux Frenchbo Bulldog puppies is anywhere between $850 to $1,600.
How to Find Reputable Faux Frenchbo Bulldog Breeders?
You will have to do a little digging to find the right breeder. Asking people for referrals should be your first step.
Ask your local veterinarian and friends who own healthy pups from breeders for information about where they found their dogs and why they felt confident in those breeders.
Do some research on any breeders you come across as options. You should ask them where their puppies are coming from and whether these dogs are prone to diseases.
Find out as much as you can before meeting with the breeder so that you will have all your answers already and only need to confirm them with the breeder.
Even if your research doesn’t turn up anything of concern, you should still be vigilant when you meet with breeders.
There are some basic red flags that you need to keep an eye out for. Beware of breeders who sell puppies to you immediately once they

########
Rank: 26
Score: 74.16613
Retrieved Text: What is a bulldog? what is a Red Tiger Bulldog? and what is a French Bulldog? As we progress we will know about all of them, but we will start with Bulldog.
Bulldog is a medium size dog, with a very strong face structure, full coated, filthy eyes, strong limbs and long ears and looks really a strong and extensively powerful dog. According to a survey in 2016, Bulldogs were the most popular breeds in the US according to the American Kennel Club.
Bulldogs were a great part of the history in the world war II, It was when the English settled in America their bulldogs came with them which is actually the root cause of American Kennel Club coming into being.
As per most of the columns, and real eye assumptions, Bulldogs is a strong breed of dog which a really strong body, broader forehead, aggressive dogs, and strong limbs.
The only funny thing about the breed is they always have a short tail, which always seems a bit funny due to the size of it, the tail doesn’t suit the breed.
As compared to French Bulldogs and Red Tiger Bulldog, the small ones or bulldogs breed other than mentioned are extremely good pets, they are very much friendly, kind and courageous.
Breeders can train them to any maximum level they want. Bulldogs trained well never bites, and due to the kind and cool nature, bulldogs are the most preferred dogs in the world by all means. Bulldogs are also known to be the most intelligent dogs.
Red Tiger Bulldog is an

########
Rank: 27
Score: 74.07825
Retrieved Text: As the adage goes, great things come in small packages.
The French bulldog would fit this bill to the T. That’s because this small companion dog is not frail like other small dogs and is quite muscular, willful, and powerful. However, in spite of being sturdy, Frenchies, as they are also called, are quite pleasant, affectionate, and playful to the extent of being clownish because of which they are also famous as clowns in a philosopher’s cloaks.
And, it’s for this that they are preferred as companion or lap dogs. Frenchie has a heavy bone structure, bat-like ears, and a soft coat. The history of the French bulldog breed dates back to the 19th Century when the lace makers from Nottingham bred these ‘toy’ bulldogs to carry them around as companion or lap dogs.
But, the lace makers relocated to France during the Industrial Revolution. And, it was in the late 1800s that the French bulldog got its name. Since then, it’s not just with the French but also with the Americans and the British that Frenchies have been popular as companion dogs.
French bulldog training can be a bit tricky. Frenchies are lively, active, curious, and affectionate, and at the same time they thrive on leadership. They are very loving and affectionate towards their masters and they will not be ignored once owned. They bond very strongly usually with only one person, their owner, though they do get along famously with strangers and other animals. The owners or trainers of French bulldog puppies cannot be passive or meek as

########
Rank: 28
Score: 73.46808
Retrieved Text: Love the humor your English or French Bulldog bring to you life but don’t love all of their shenanigans? Beyond the Dog has created training programs to help your bully reach their potential all while keeping their large personality!
For those looking for a dog with lots of personality, an English Bulldog or French Bulldog is hard to beat. Sometimes, though, all of that personality can get them into trouble! Our breed specific training targets behaviors important for each breed as well as further catering to each individual.
We often receive inquiries concerning crate or house soiling, so an intensive housebreaking program is almost always in order for English and French Bulldogs. We’re able to establish clean instincts and appropriate elimination at an early age. Socialization, particularly with other dogs, is an important training focus for English and French Bulldog puppies to prevent any aggression as an adult. We begin preventative exercises for any guarding behavior such that your dog can live a safe and happy life with all other family members. In addition, Beyond the Dog focuses on exercises to discourage chewing, making sure your pillows stay in tack! Lastly, high level dog obedience is important due to their physical nature! These little powerhouses should learn to remain calm when necessary and know what is expected of them when greeting guests.
Interested in training your English Bulldog or French Bulldog?

########
Rank: 29
Score: 73.19423
Retrieved Text: Glory Express Puppies is a small kennel that is nestled in the heart of East Texas. We are a family owned and operated facility who has been Licensed by the state of Texas to be a breeder. We specialize in raising and breeding English Bulldogs, French Bulldogs and Teacup / Toy breeds that are healthy and outstanding quality . Many of our dogs have top pedigrees including several champion bloodlines. We breed only healthy dogs so we can produce healthy, sweet tempered puppies. Health is our top priority in our breeding program. All of our puppies come with a written health guarantee, current vaccinations, worming schedule, and health certificate.
Copyright © 2019 Glory Express Puppies. All Rights Reserved.

================



======= Instance Index 5239 =========
Input Text: If a description of a situation begins like this: [header] How to wear cropped pants [title] Wear cropped pants that end between your calf and ankle. [step] Most cropped pants are known as ankle pants, capris, or " clamdiggers. " these pants are designed to hit you below mid-calf, where your lower leg begins to narrow.... Then how
does it continue? 

Ending 1: This is the most attractive part of your lower leg, and you should use your cropped pants to draw attention to it. [substeps] Cropped pants should not end at mid-calf, which is the thickest part of your lower leg.

Ending 2: The top will hide your pants and provide a more flattering fit. [substeps] Bell bottoms, pleated pants, or other styles with flares are considered casual pants with ankle pants.

Ending 3: [substeps] When picking this type of pair, make sure they end in a slim cut that is not too sloppy. Short leg pants should also be replaced with a pair of cropped jeans that hit at the hips or the thighs for a face-full picture effect.

Ending 4: This versatility can help you create a slimmer cut for the top half of your pants. [substeps] Make sure that the high waist of the pants hangs below your ankle and reach your legs past the ankle.

Target Text: Ending 1

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 100.688736
Retrieved Text: Summer is officially over. Based on the weather in Wisconsin this past week and upcoming weekend, that could not be more of a lie. Tomorrow’s weather is supposed to reach 88 degrees, despite the fact that last year around this time it was about 60 degrees. Finding what to wear when you can’t figure out the weather has it challenges, but thankfully, these pants saved the day for me. Hopefully you learn a bit about how to wear cropped pants below!
Originally, when I purchased these pants for $14 from ASOS, the pants were WAYYY too wide at the bottom. So instead of returning them in disappointment, I took them to a tailor in West Allis, WI so she could crop the pants even more. As you can see, the pants end right beneath my calf which is the perfect spot for me. Most of the time your cropped pants probably do not need altering, but I thought I’d mention it regardless.
You don’t want your cropped pants to look like shorts (because they’re PANTS), even though that’s the case when I sit down. But you also don’t walk in a “sitting-down” position. I think you get the point.
Cropped pants can be a go-to item in any season except WINTER. Now, if you live in a climate where winter is mild then you may think that cropped pants is fine. I know fashion is subjective (smirks), but from a functional standpoint I do not think exposing your legs makes sense when it’s cold outside. And rockin’ knee length

########
Rank: 1
Score: 85.78807
Retrieved Text: Wide Leg cropped pants are such a “Trending” and “IN” thing to wear. They have been quite popular in the fashion circle and thus the time has come to make them a staple in your wardrobe. And why not? Wide leg cropped pants are extremely versatile in nature. They can be a part of your formal wardrobe as well as you can even wear them to your weekend brunch or a classy outing to your friend’s place.
Casual Look – This is one of the most causal and easy to pair look with wide leg cropped pants. Here you only need to wear a simple striped tee with your wide leg cropped pants. But make sure that your pants are plain otherwise there might be a clash of prints or stripes.
Denim Look – With denim wide leg cropped pants you can wear a simple basic tee. The tee can be plain also and it can be a statement tee as well. Both will look equally well with the denim wide leg cropped pants. Also, this is a sporty look so make sure that you wear simple shoes or sneakers to go with the outfit.
Print look – This is a print on print look. If you are wearing a wide leg cropped pant which has bigger prints at the bottom then make sure that you wear some smaller prints at the top in order to balance the entire outfit. This can be a regular fun easy peasy outfit for day outings during summers.
Simple Printed look – if you

########
Rank: 2
Score: 82.9003
Retrieved Text: Wide Leg Cropped Pants are available in so many different patterns and designs we have selected some of the best designs for you.
Summer is about trying different fashion trends and most of them are based on comfortable clothes that you can wear on humid and shiny days.Skirts are most chosen as clothing accessories but there are other accessories also which are comfortable and will give you trendy look.
If you like wearing pants then try wide leg cropped pants this season to add some classic style to your dressing.Wide leg pants are in trend nowadays it is a vintage fashion trend that keeps coming back in different forms.
We have shared wide leg pants before but those were not cropped it was last year when wide leg came into the scene in simple design but this year these are seen worn by fashionistas in different patterns and cropped designs.
Wide leg cropped pants are modern and have been tried by fashion bloggers all over the world on the streets to inspire woman.You can find them in any color and design and match with your tops.
These pants can be worn with any color and pattern top you can match the color contrasts but because wide leg pants are mostly available in white, black so it’s easy to match other accessories with them.
You should pick the right footwear with these pants because of their cropped style eyes will be on shoes too.So wear a footwear that matched or compliment your overall dress it can be heels, sneakers or sandals choose the

########
Rank: 3
Score: 81.674164
Retrieved Text: Technically, these are winter crop pants because they are wool. That means I better wear them before there is snow on the ground and it's too cold for even a bit of ankle or calf to peek out. They are actually left over from the J. Crew sale of last year when I scored these and the orange ones for $18. I only got around to wearing them now. Better late than never.
There really are only a handful of days when cropped wool pants work for our weather!

########
Rank: 4
Score: 81.170555
Retrieved Text: I’d love to see a post on capris … I’ve been reading a lot that they are not good for body proportions and various other reasons we should trash ours. What are your thoughts?
Weeelllll, my thoughts are many and varied. Capris come in SO many styles, and there really aren’t any hard-and-fast rules about who “can” and “cannot” wear them. Making capris, crops, and clamdiggers work for your body type is going to be a matter of experimentation. If you’re interested in wearing them but not sure how, I’ll level with you: Your best bet is to try on as many pairs in as many styles and as many hem-lengths as possible until you find a pair that flatters you. Or determine your ideal length with a regular pair of pants, some safety pins, and a friend willing to play fake-tailor, and THEN hit the shops.
1. A little length makes a huge difference: Capri and cropped pants have immense power to distort the proportions of your legs – and, really your entire lower half. Where the hem length hits your leg impacts how wide your calf appears to be, and a mere half-inch can make all the difference between a flattering capri and a proportion-distorting one. It’s all down to where your leg curves in and where the hem hits relative to those curves. Tricky stuff.
2. The devil’s in the details: Cargo pockets add bulk, cinched ties at the hem can create a ballooning effect, slant pockets may pooch out on a curvy figure … as

########
Rank: 5
Score: 77.48061
Retrieved Text: Here at SG HQ, we want you to take risks…within reason. We didn’t push jogger pants on you until we were sure they were going to stick around awhile. Same with turtlenecks, and the color lavender. That’s why we feel confident today showing you how to wear cropped pants (or trousers).
We’ve had nothing but love for this intentionally shorter trouser for awhile now, and we finally feel like it’s time to pass it on to you. Of course, we can see how you’d want to avoid a look that’s dangerously similar to the accidental high-water pants of the past, so we’ve got a few tips.
First up? A purposeful fit. And by that, we mean a cropped pant or trouser with a slightly tapered leg and a rising hem between one to three inches. Pairing this style of pants with a casual outfit will take some of the “Is this office appropriate?” pressure off while leaving room to branch out into a trendy-meets-classic vibe.
You know how I tell you guys to roll your pants up in at least one outfit every week? What if I told you I found a pair of pants that didn’t need to be cuffed, a pair of pants that already did the ridding of unnecessary fabric bunching, a pair of pants that coolly let your ankles breathe? Well, I did, and it’s the cropped trouser. That’s why it’s easy to incorporate in with your existing closet contents; you can wear it the same as any other pants, really!
While it’s easy to see

########
Rank: 6
Score: 77.01033
Retrieved Text: Last year we had maxi skirts, and while they are still a great spring trend, palazzo pants are a fun new twist to the comfortable style. Palazzo pants marched down the spring runways. The key to this pants trend is simple: the bigger the better! Great thing about these pants is that they come in a variety of colors, styles, and textures, making them a fitting choice for any event.
OK, so we’ve grasped the concept of going wide, but what to wear with them? Pair them with loose tee, feminine blouse or tailored blazer. Stick to wedges or chunky heeled sandals – it gives ’70s vibe, which is when these pants were a big hit. For the end spice up your combination with wide-brimmed floppy hat.
Colored denim is so hot this spring, and pastel shades are the perfect subtle way to work the trend into your closet. Look for a pastel pair of jeans or pants and wear those with either a neutral top (brown, black, tan or gray) or take it a step further and do the colorblocking trend.
One of the hottest and biggest fashion trends for Spring 2012 is floral print pants. And not a ditsy print, which was in late season, but large, flashy prints in a variety of colors. Floral pants were featured on several spring runways including Peter Som, Vivienne Tam, Erdem and more. No matter what your personal style is, floral print pants seem to be a fairly easy trend to pull off, as there are so many options and

########
Rank: 7
Score: 74.82271
Retrieved Text: What does inseam mean? How should you use it to choose petite pants?
Home Must Know What Does Inseam Mean?
What does inseam mean? And why is it useful for you to understand it? You probably have heard of the term inseam many times, but may not know (or care) what exactly it means or why it matters. If you always shop at petite departments anyways, you may be thinking “well, if they are petite size, they are supposed to fit petite women.” Therefore, you don’t need to worry about measuring or knowing “what does inseam mean”. I don’t blame you, as I used to think that is a concept only tailors need to grasp, until I kept returning petite size jeans from some popular petite designers because they were still too long for me. That is when I started to pay attention to what inseam means.
Inseam is the length of the inner leg, from the top of the thigh to the ankle. To find out your exact inseam length, you should pick out an existing pair of pants or jeans that fit you well and take the measurement, while laying it in bed or on the floor or any flat surface. You should stretch the tape down the pants till you reach the bottom of the inside of one leg, where it touches the ground. The measurement from the crotch of the pants to the hem is your inseam length.
So, what does inseam mean for petite women? Petite-size pants have inseam up to 2 inches shorter than

########
Rank: 8
Score: 74.77485
Retrieved Text: Some people define the mom jeans as high waisted jeans. I would go a little further by saying that the mom jeans are typically in sky blue and are slightly loose fit around the thigh area. I think the name speaks for itself as the jeans really have that “mom” feel. Having said that, these jeans are not really for moms only. I know that many people believe that low waisted jeans look trendier but the mom jeans definitely has a place for your casual outfits. In this blog post, I am going to explore with you some of the best ways to wear mom jeans in a stylish fashion.
Some people that the disadvantage of mom jeans is that they make your waist look short. Like many things in life, the weekness is often also the strength. For some people, especially those that have relative narrow shoulders, they actually look better when you visually move up your waistline by wearing high waisted pants. They achieve a better body proportion with seemingly longer legs. Not saying that everyone belongs to that group of people, I am saying that you really have to try them on to see whether you actually look better with high waisted pants. This outfit is a perfect one to test whether you belongs to the group. For the top, wear a black, long sleeve, slim fit sweater with with mom jeans and ballet heels.
Another way to look good wearing the mom jeans is to tuck in your top and wear a slightly oversized

########
Rank: 9
Score: 74.69367
Retrieved Text: Keep up with the most covetable footwear trends with Australian label Senso. Designed with a soft velvet upper, the Irvine I is a classic heel you can wear from the office to after-work events. Featuring a closed toe, ankle strap and block heel, they're secure and comfortable enough to wear all day long and can be styled with everything from cropped pants to A-line silhouettes.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 74.470505
Retrieved Text: For a smooth, complimenting outfit, run in vogue with our Jegging Pants in Dark blue for ladies. Accessible for all sizes, ages, and shapes, they are an integral part of Women's attire. Discover things perfectly for easygoing wear and set up together a search for the shopping center, shopping for food, outings to the motion pictures, or evenings went through imparting espresso to companions.
A combination of skinny jeans and Jegging Pants in Dark blue for ladies fit close, attracting consideration regarding legs and bends. There is such a large number of styles from which to pick, from ankle-length bottoms to capri-length pants. Wear blue shades for daytime looks, combined with cool, easygoing finish like fitted catch ups with three-quarter sleeves or A-line tank tops. The jeans work wonderfully with high heels and pumps, so add some stature to any outfit and be bold with regards to shading decision.
The considerable thing about Jegging Pants in Dark blue is their capacity to compliment any size or shape. There are various Dark Blue Womenâ€™s Jegging Pants at HeelsandJeans. Creature prints are exceptionally in vogue, particularly combined with immortal dark tops and high heels. Wear dark or blue with vivacious colors and prints, particularly hot pink, turquoise, or other neon shades. Longer shirts complement the close fit of cropped jeggings, which look incredible with wedges or open-toed shoes. Try cropped jacket as the ideal adornment, particularly with oversized or strikingly printed tops.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 74.25778
Retrieved Text: Penshoppe is known for always being on trend while still keeping the tastes of the youth in mind. Open the email in your inbox. One of the latest additions to the Penshoppe family was rising star Kaia Gerber, the daughter of renowned supermodel Cindy Crawford. Share Tweet Pin 0 Comment. So on days when you feel like wearing the comfiest of clothing, this pair of cropped trousers is for you.
If the item chosen is of higher value, the price difference must be paid at the time of the exchange. If of lower value, the price difference is forfeited. Please be.
Make the perfect first impression Product Details Body spray for men ml OlfactiveAromatic Fresh Top NotesCardamom, Lemon, Mandarin, GreenMiddle.
We admit that these cropped pants are very informal, so don't go thinking you can wear them to the office or to a formal dinner! The actor flew to the Mall of Asia Arena to meet a screaming crowd of thousands and later, El Nido for a photoshoot.
Prior to the local brand, Hadid was voted as the Model of the Year in by Model.
Penshoppe has a lot of clothing items that suit almost every need. Shot in sunny L. Share Tweet Pin 0 Comment.
STERICYCLE WEB MESSENGER LOGIN This basic clothing piece balances out the trendiness of the cropped trousers.
Log In via Email. Penshoppe surprised fans when they booked high-profile supermodel Cara Delevingne in And with a super casual pair like these cropped trousers, you can be sure your sneakers will take center stage.
Penshoppe Crewneck Tee This basic clothing piece

########
Rank: 12
Score: 73.866196
Retrieved Text: Pants are a wonderful thing, and there are so many exciting things happening with them in the fashion world. If all you’ve worn in the past week are skinny jeans, it’s times for a change. There are so many styles to embrace right now that can transform your wardrobe and style. Scroll ahead for the pants all stylish women own.
Plaid pants have been all over 2018 and by now should be a staple item for your wardrobe to easily dress up and add a sophisticated touch to any outfit. New York Fashion Week street style can confirm that the pattern is certainly continuing to have its moment this season – and they’re now possibly the most stylish item in your closet.
Leather pants may be intimidating for many, conjuring images of tough motorcycle chicks, but there are actually so many feminine styles. With leather pants, fit is crucial as the material doesn’t typically have a lot of give to it. I like a cropped leather pant for a chic Parisienne look.
For the ultimate flattering, leg-lengthening look, the high-waisted flare is your best friend. Whenever I put these on and look in the mirror, I always catch myself marveling at the amount of height they add. Wear them will heels so your legs do in fact go on forever, and pair it with a thin tied belt to accent your waist.
Cropped trouser is always a favorite any time of the year and is still one of the trendiest things to wear from the office to the bar or

########
Rank: 13
Score: 73.817566
Retrieved Text: As such, I’ve decided to wear this gorgeous blue dolman sleeve sweater paired with my cropped white toothpick pants from J Crew.
To keep this from being too plain, and to tie the pants and sweater together, I added a blue and white scarf*.
On the right I originally tried the sweater with cropped jeans- and while I have said to dress in all one color (to look taller and slimmer)- in this case, it doesn’t work.
Part of the problem is simply the way I’m wearing the sweater. Notice the long sleeves and how the waistband is pulled way down. The black shoes aren’t helping either.
On the left the white pants are more ‘springy’ and the snakeskin flats are also a much lighter look. Pushing the sleeves up also helps!
Even though it's Spring- I still need a sweater, it's chilly out there!
*If you read yesterday’s post about scarfs- this one is tied in a knot to create a faux infinity scarf.
** I stand corrected- Mother Nature surprised me this morning and the sun is actually out. Thank you!! (I wrote this post late last night after a grey day of rain).
I want to update my wardrobe for spring, can you give me your thoughts on must have pieces to add? Thanks Megan, keep up the great work!
A few key pieces for spring are definitely something that is bright- colors are so popular right now. I would recommend a bright grandpa style cardigan and possibly some bright jeans (although not worn together).
A maxi dress is another must have. Old

########
Rank: 14
Score: 73.76338
Retrieved Text: Just because it’s officially cold, doesn’t mean you have to ditch the cropped pants. In fact, don’t. They solve one of the biggest winter style conundrums about freezing temps and ankle booties. Previously you were forced to choose between hiding your cute new booties under your pants or showing them off with a dress and tights and freezing to death. But cropped pants keep your legs covered while showing off those cute af boots you spent way too much on to hide all winter. The look works with skinny, straight leg and flared styles. Here’s how to make the cool combo work.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 73.527115
Retrieved Text: Black Stretch Curvy fit Slim Leg cuffed Ankle Pant | RW&CO.
This ankle-length slim leg pant in our flattering Curvy fit is easy to pair with its matching blazer for a day at the office. This pant gets extra style points with a cuffed cropped leg that is perfect to show off those pretty heels or loafers.
These pants are made of a nice light material, fit well and are comfy to wear.
These pants are so comfy and the perfect length. I am 5'10" and they hit right above my ankle, I love the look.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 73.23763
Retrieved Text: An elegant pair of cropped wrapped pants will elevate your style and introduce new styling options you're wanting to try. Our Viola Cropped Wrapped Pants will match with all of your favorite basic tees, tanks and blouses. The artfully executed design is so chic you'll want to make these pants the focal point of your entire outfit. Wear them with your best pair of mules to showers, parties, weddings and more.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 73.20487
Retrieved Text: St. John Collection "Emma" classic stretch pants.
Approx. 38.5" outseam, 28" inseam.
St. John is an iconic American brand founded in Southern California by Bob and Marie Gray in 1962. Today, St. John is a global luxury brand offering a lifestyle collection for the modern woman. St. John is recognized for its updated classics and chic, effortless, enduring style.
AMO Denim camo-print pants. Elasticized waistband. Side slip pockets. Fitted through straight legs. Cropped above ankles. Pull-on style. Linen/Tencel® lyocell.
AMO Denim camo-print pants. Elasticized waistband. Side slip pockets. Fitted through straight legs. Cropped above ankles. Pull-on style. Linen/Tencel® lyocell. Made in USA of imported material. Model's measurements: Height 5'10"/177cm, bust 33"/84cm, waist 25.6"/65.2cm, hips 35.8"/91cm, dress size US 2-4/FR 34-36.
Eileen Fisher stretch-jersey slouchy pants. Mid-rise; elasticized waist. Relaxed, tapered legs. Cropped at the ankle. Faux cuffed ankles. Organic cotton/spandex.
Eileen Fisher stretch-jersey slouchy pants. Mid-rise; elasticized waist. Relaxed, tapered legs. Cropped at the ankle. Faux cuffed ankles. Organic cotton/spandex. Made in USA of domestic materials. Model's measurements: Height 5'10"/177cm, bust 33"/84cm, waist 25.6"/65.2cm, hips 35.8"/91cm, dress size US 2-4/FR 34-36.
Eileen Fisher jersey stretch-knit pants. Flat front; covered elastic waistband. Straight legs. Cropped above ankle. Curved leg hem. Pull-on styling.
Eileen Fisher jersey stretch-knit pants. Flat front; covered elastic waistband. Straight legs. Cropped above ankle. Curved leg hem. Pull-on styling. Organic cotton/spandex. Machine wash. Made in USA of imported material. Model's measurements: Height 5'10"/177cm, bust 33"/84cm, waist 25.6"/65.2cm, hips 35.8"/91cm, dress size US 2-4/FR 34-36.
Piazza Sempione "Audrey" capri pants. Approx. measurements: 10" rise; 25.5" inseam; 35" outseam (size 44). Natural rise. Slim fit

########
Rank: 18
Score: 73.15489
Retrieved Text: Being 4’11 comes with many struggles in life especially in fashion. Even when these struggles are difficult, I usually find a solution. Here are some of the struggles I deal with.
I can’t wear jumpsuits in the women’s section- I can’t even wear a size XS in women, so I usually end up wearing kids sizing for Jumpsuits, and still they are too big so I just then wear heels with them.
Maxi Skirts and Maxi Dresses are just a no- They just end up dragging on the floor and then you trip in them.
Cropped Pants are the only pants that work- When I wear cropped pants, they fit perfectly at the ankle.The rest of the pants I own I either have to hem or roll up.
Leggings bunch up at the ankles- whenever I wear leggings, I have to deal with them bunching up at the end. But in the Fall/Winter, I get to cover them with boots.
Jeans are always cuffed- just like with leggings my jeans have the same problem, so I just roll them up.
Long sleeves end up covering the hand- When I wear long sleeves they cover up my whole hand or bunch up at my wrist.
Heels are always worn in desperate times- I rarely wear long skirt and dresses but if I do the only shoe option is heels which can be good until you have to walk a huge distance.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 73.00903
Retrieved Text: The classic chelsea boot has embedded itself as a wardrobe staple. In polished brown calf leather, this pair features a handy pull tab and contrasting elastic inserts ensuring they pull on easily. Perfect for city living, wear Chelsea with cropped cigarette pants or denims for quintessential British appeal.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 72.7165
Retrieved Text: The instant answer to look taller is to wear heels, but if you're not in the mood to sport a three-inch pair, there are other tricks you can use.
1. Go with the A-team.
Choose a skirt with an A-line silhouette to make your legs appear longer. If you wear a tight skirt that hugs your legs, your gams may shrink and look stout.
2. Drop it like it's crop.
Following Sarah Jessica Parker's advice about pants and petite girls, get some leg action when wearing jeans and trousers. Select styles which are cropped at the hem and show the ankle. Floor-length pants may drown a short frame.
Select tops that end at the hip bone area. Any top that ends past your bum may engulf the length of your legs.
4. Choose midi over maxi.
Select knee-length midi skirts with a high waist.
Loose, droopy tops may slope your shoulders, so blouses, jackets, and blazers with excellent tailoring and fit will suit a petite body.
6. It's in the bag.
Carrying a colossal bag will only highlight how petite you are. A medium-sized tote flatters small builds more.
7. If you must wear heels, say no to thick straps.
Wearing a pair with thick ankle straps cuts your legs and makes them look chunkier, while one without straps creates a more fluid line. If you must wear strappy heels, pick a pair with delicate and thin straps.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 72.65996
Retrieved Text: Nothing ever really goes out of style. There is a season for any and everything. I learned this a long time ago when I was told wearing sneakers with dresses was not something one should do. I guess you can call me a rebel in the 90's because now in 2017, wearing dresses and sneakers are just the cool thing to do.
Now 90's me would have never thought that in 2017, I would not only be in gingham, but ruffles too. I was all about jerseys and baggy jeans (well as baggy as I could wear them cause my mom was not letting me buy pants 3 sizes too big). My daily uniform consisted of 1. Plaid Shirt 2. Jeans 3. Nikes, now don't get me wrong, all three are still in my closet, but my style has crossed over the girly dark side.
This season, all the trends of yesteryear have come back, but in a whole new twist that is fun and makes you want to be a bit more adventurous. Take for example, the gingham top. Once an adornment for tables, this staple is all over this season in unexpected silhouettes. For example, how about an off the shoulder top with bell sleeves. Yeah- this once tomboy is wearing an off the shoulder top with bell sleeves and I love it.
This top is one of the latest from Target and their collaboration with Who What Wear. I love how it's roomy and slightly cropped. Best thing about this Gingham Off the Shoulder top is

########
Rank: 22
Score: 72.28173
Retrieved Text: With summer approaching we’re turning our attention to a warm-weather wardrobe essential – cropped jeans. Ankle-grazing jeans are a major fashion trend for women this year, along with the return of the cropped flare – and they’re not as tricky to wear as you might think. Some of them might be daunting and scary at first, but I’ve turned to Trilogy to get their ideas and tips to show you how to best style cropped jeans for women this season.
Summer is the perfect time to experiment with your denim wardrobe as we look forward to new shapes, higher rises and looser legs from our host of brands, so if you’ve previously been wary of a cropped jean (besides those of us who are petite and wear cropped as full length) there are now more styles on offer than ever before, with something to suit everyone. It’s not just cropped skinny jeans anymore, the cropped denim trend has ventured into every fit going, so why not try it out?
Here are some tips from Trilogy on 4 different types of cropped jeans that you can try out this summer and how they can work for you, in order with the collage above. You can also check out a few styling options from Vanessa Hudgens and two fashion bloggers to give you inspiration.
1. For those who love a higher-rise, the Isabelle from AG is here to show you it’s possible to have the best of both worlds. A high-rise crop with a 27” inseam, the Isabelle, has a looser

########
Rank: 23
Score: 72.08189
Retrieved Text: EXCLUSIVE AT NET-A-PORTER.COM. Skin's pajama pants are made from lightweight textured Pima cotton-gauze that will keep you cool and comfortable whether you're sleeping or simply lounging around the house. They have a drawstring waist and are cropped to hit just above the ankle. Complete the set with the matching top.
Wear it with: Grace Lee Necklace.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 71.86329
Retrieved Text: Have you noticed that for a while, in internet-land, fashion blog post titles which read something like “Six Blogger Approved Ways to Wear Culottes” or “Blogger Approved Denim” were ubiquitous? Well, trust me, they were. Please note the use of the past tense here, and I’ll explain a bit later.
For now, let’s focus on this pair of cropped pants which I bought at Nordstrom a week or so ago. Unfortunately they weren’t part of the Anniversary Sale… but they were on my list for fall. And I love them. So they came home with me. Yep. These Veronica Beard navy, cropped “scuba” pants are definitely “blogger approved.” At least by this blogger. Over the hill, and well past my sell-by date though I may be, I still love (dare I say obsess over) a great pair of cropped pants. I love the look of a polished cropped pant. They suit my body-type and my style preferences. And these pants in particular are stretchy and really comfortable, with edgy seaming down the back. And being navy they go with everything in my minimal closet. All of my tops, and most of my shoes and sandals.
I tried them with an Equipment silk shirt, a coral cami and my Munro sandals. This look is more office casual, than ladies who lunch. But, when the weather finally cools, a denim jacket or my khaki suede Twiggy biker jacket would toughen this outfit up a bit.
Then I swapped the Equipment shirt for my Tory Burch tunic from last year. I like

########
Rank: 25
Score: 71.8122
Retrieved Text: Hip Size 17" 17" 17.5" 18.5"
Doing yoga is great way to get a wonderful and healthy workout. Being on a yoga studio is now offering women a chance to show off their fashionable side. You can be a part of this trend with these very hip yoga pants. They have been made to have a look which will turn heads every time you wear them. They have a solid colored waist band which has a very wide width. The rest of the pants have a line design added to them. These stripes are found on the upper thigh area. They are made of a light color. The material these yoga pants are made of has a stretchy quality. These pants are made to move with. These pants extend past the ankle area. They have a slouch style design. These are the best yoga pants to wear with cropped style hemlines.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 71.333725
Retrieved Text: It may be 90 degrees where you are right now, but it will be time to turn your attention to fall shopping sooner than you expect. After all, summer sales are coming to an end, and the new season's merchandise will be entering stores, stat.
Puffer coats and chunky knit sweaters aside, there are a fair amount of fall pieces you can shop now and start wearing immediately. Here, a rundown of what you should add to your shopping list to get a head start on rocking some of fall's most wearable trends.
Frayed Jeans: Raw-hem denim has already started to gain real traction for the fall. Whether you shop our favorites or try your hand at a DIY project with a pair you already own, this is the denim style you're going to want to try. Make the look work now, by pairing it with lightweight button down and heels, then with turtlenecks and ankle boots into the fall.
Bodysuits: Whether you decide to wear it as a layering piece or standalone item, bodysuits in every sleeve length and neckline shape should be on your fall shopping list. A short-sleeve or tank style will become your go-to wardrobe essential, looking just as good with a pair of denim shorts as it will with a midi skirt and heels.
Suede Skirts: Designers turned their heads toward the '70s for inspiration a few seasons ago and the trend is still alive and well. Suede skirts, the one piece we can't wait to wear every day of the week, are a key

########
Rank: 27
Score: 70.898674
Retrieved Text: Looking for a cropped pant that's stylish and functional for all your busy summer activities? We've got the Vassalli Pull On Poplin Cargo Pants for you.
Functionality and style go hand in hand with this pull-on cargo pants from Vassalli. Featuring 6 pockets for all your essentials and a comfy pull-on style, this cargo cropped pants lets you be on the go in comfort and style. Wear it with a tee-shirt and sneaks for a slightly rugged, easygoing look.
This super-wearable piece is a HOT item right now. Get yours before they run out.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 70.761185
Retrieved Text: For most tall babes, the word “inseam” is all too familiar. Whether it brings up memories of cold ankles in bright dressing rooms or just hours of scrolling through tall women’s clothing online, you know it’s just a fancy – but crucial – way of talking about how long your legs are. As if you needed reminding!
Luckily, with Alloy Apparel, it doesn’t have to be an unhappy word. We believe that with a little knowledge about how pants length actually works, as well as your own (gorgeous!) body, you can make sure your pants are always doing the most for you. Below, we’ll walk you through everything you need to know about your pants’ length, from what a long inseam is to how to measure your own!
For pants sized using a number system anywhere from around 0 to 24, that little number on the tag doesn’t necessarily reflect everything there is to know about measuring pants size.
Your “true” size depends on your waist measurement, your hip measurement, and your inseam – that is, the length of your leg from the top of your inner thigh to the bottom of your ankle, where the inner seam of your pants would line up. As most tall ladies unfortunately know, most pants and jeans are made with one standard length (around 31” to 31.5”).
Obviously, Alloy babes are not here for that one-size-fits-all business. When you have to worry about killing it at work, chilling with your friends, hitting the gym, date night, and everything in between, you need reliable

########
Rank: 29
Score: 70.672455
Retrieved Text: Black tights are probably a cornerstone of your winter wardrobe, but have you ever thought about getting a little creative with how you style them? Allow Olivia Palermo to introduce an unexpected way to wear them: underneath cropped white pants.
Attending the Dior Haute Couture S/S 17 show in Paris today, she wore a head-to-toe outfit by the house, and we immediately zeroed in on her rule-breaking combo. Of course, cropped white pants scream summer, but her addition of a cozy sweater, furry coat, black tights, and closed-toed booties took the warm-weather staple into winter territory. Bet you've never thought of that before.
Is Palermo's stamp of approval enough to convince you to jump on board with this faux pas? Read on to see what Palermo and others wore to Dior Haute Couture's S/S 17 show, and keep scrolling for the best runway looks!
On Olivia Palermo: Dior black wool turtleneck top, white wool sweater, white cotton strapless top, and white cotton cropped pants; Lilly e Violetta Olivia coat.
On Diane Kruger: Dior Haute Couture black silk crepe dress with pleated underskirt; Dior clutch, shoes, and necklace.
On Chiara Ferragni: Dior black wool jacket with white cotton "We Should All Be Feminists" print T-shirt and black tulle skirt with black knitted underwear; Dior clutch, shoes, and necklace.
On Kirsten Dunst: Dior black wool and silk crêpe coat dress with a black silk embroidered skirt; Dior clutch and shoes.
Would you wear black tights under white pants like Olivia Palermo? Tell us in the comments below, and then shop Dior for yourself!

================



======= Instance Index 4673 =========
Input Text: If a description of a situation begins like this: [header] How to choose shampoo for scalp psoriasis [title] Know if you need coal tar shampoo. [step] Coal tar is the oldest treatment for scalp psoriasis. However, when it is used alone, it's only as effective as a mild to mid-potency topical corticosteroid.... Then how
does it continue? 

Ending 1: They are effective as additions to combination therapy, though. It can help slow the growth of the flaky skin cells on your scalp and help restore your skin's health.

Ending 2: You may need to consult a doctor or dermatologist, particularly if you have skin psoriasis. [title] Look for a shampoo with a non-comedogenic texture.

Ending 3: [title] Look for a shampoo that concentrates on 80% beta-carotene. [step] This percentage should be clearly represented in the label at the bottom of the shampoo bottle.

Ending 4: [substeps] Coal tar is located in the outer layer of the scalp and hair around the wrinkles. At home, a scraping tool such as a dull razor blade and toothbrush will suffice.

Target Text: Ending 1

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 100.57945
Retrieved Text: Scalp psoriasis is a skin disorder which is not uncommon in people. It is not life-threatening, but it causes red and scaly patches to appear on your scalp.
When left untreated, psoriasis could make you feel uncomfortable even as you sleep; keep in mind that uncontrolled itching and scratching could result in hair loss and infection.
The best shampoo for psoriasis is hard to find, as not all products in the market will suit your skin type or might prove too harsh for you.
Dermarest Psoriasis Shampoo and Conditioner contains 3% salicylic acid, natural ingredients, and zinc complex. It provides relief from scaling and itching.
Not only does it control itching; it also repairs and protects your whole scalp. It does not leave hair greasy.
Moreover, it doesn't have the bad smell of coal tar. It does deliver what it promises but may take time to work.
Triton MG217 Medicated Coal Tar Shampoo, on the other hand, has the maximum strength formula to treat psoriasis. It even prevents the skin disorder from recurring.
Its herbal scent leaves hair smelling fresh and clean. However, it contains paraben, which may have the potential to cause cancer.
The last product is Neutrogena T-Gel. Neutrogena is a popular brand worldwide. But more than the brand, it helps relieve your scalp from flaking and itching.
It also stops the recurrence of seborrheic dermatitis, dandruff, and psoriasis. The disadvantage of using T-Gel is the awful smell and the risk of getting frizzy hair afterwards.
​Dermarest gives you relief from psoriasis, scalp flaking, and itching. It protects, repairs, and moisturizes the scalp.
Its combination

########
Rank: 1
Score: 96.558266
Retrieved Text: Shampoo for psoriasis, seborrheic dermatitis, and severe dandruff.
Tarsum Shampoo is the only psoriasis shampoo designed to be applied full strength, directly to affected areas BEFORE bathing! Superb for psoriasis, seborrheic dermatitis, and severe dandruff. Contains 10% LCD plus exfoliating beta hydroxy acid in a shampoo base.
Tarsum is the only therapeutic shampoo designed to be applied BEFORE bathing. Its special applicator tip allows you to put Tarsum directly on psoriasis plaques. You treat your scalp, not your hair!
Active ingredient: 10% LCD (coal tar solution equivalent to 2% coal tar).
Other ingredients: TEA lauryl sulfate, sodium lauryl sulfate, cocamide DEA, salicylic acid, sodium chloride, fragrance.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 91.08053
Retrieved Text: Coal tar is no longer legal in cosmetics. It was banned in 2005, in the process destroying two really well known brands: Vosene and Wright’s Coal Tar soap. There was evidence that coal tar could cause cancer. This was based on various bits of information, but most convincingly by an increased incidence in cancer amongst people who worked with it. Speaking as someone who has worked with it myself, I think this is a good enough reason to ban it. It is best to be safe, even if it was never shown that it did any harm to people who actually used the products containing it. In fact you can still buy coal tar shampoos, but only ones that are registered as pharmaceuticals.
Coal tar is a byproduct of the coal industry. You get it when you turn coal into coke or natural gas. It is a remarkably unpleasant substance to handle. It has a pungent smell that persists in the nose for ages. It is black and tarry and sticks to most surfaces with which it comes into contact. It is hard to remove and usually leaves a stain behind once you have.
Despite this, there was a time when coal tar was at the cutting edge of organic chemistry. Many organic molecules were first identified in coal tar. In the early years of the industrial revolution coal tar was the only practical source for a lot of chemicals. Even so, we still probably haven’t found out absolutely everything that is in it even today. We haven’t

########
Rank: 3
Score: 91.05845
Retrieved Text: Capasal therapeutic shampoo contains three active ingredients- coal tar- coconut oil and salicylic acid. Coal tar has been used in skin conditions for hundreds of years- but it is still not fully understood how it works- mainly because it is made up of so many different compounds. Coal tar has mild antiseptic and anti-inflammatory effects- and relieves itching. It is also absorbed into the skin cells and is thought to inhibit DNA replication in these cells. This slows down cell division and stops the cells from multiplying excessively. In turn- this reduces thickening and scaling of the skin. Salicylic acid is a type of medicine known as a keratolytic- it works by breaking down keratin- a protein that forms part of the skin structure. This results in the shedding of skin cells from the affected area. This preparation also contains coconut oil which helps to softening the skin. Capasal shampoo is used to treat scaly- itchy skin conditions affecting the scalp- such as psoriasis- seborrhoeic dermatitis or dandruff. Capasal shampoo should be massaged into wet hair and the scalp for several minutes until a rich lather is produced. Rinse thoroughly then repeat the procedure. You should use the preparation daily as necessary- or as directed by your doctor.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 86.826744
Retrieved Text: Psoriasis is a chronic condition that affects less than 2% of the U.S. population. Although the exact cause of psoriasis is unknown, it is believed to have a strong genetic component. Psoriasis most often manifests as a silvery, scaly, red rash that occurs in clumps. The rash is seen most often on the extensor surface of the elbows and knees, buttock crease, and scalp. Psoriasis of the scalp can result in hair loss. Other, associated conditions include changes in the finger nails (pitting, splitting, and dimpling). In addition, approximately 5% of patients with psoriasis will develop a form of arthritis that affects the small joints in the hands. Psoriasis is a chronic rash that may "come and go" but usually does not disappear. The unpredictability of the rash makes it more difficult to treat. A strong relationship has been seen observed between emotional stress and the onset of a psoriasis flare-up. Management of stress is an important part of the overall treatment of this condition. Treatment is with topical lotions, shampoos, and cold tar preparations. Topical corticosteroid creams (Cortaid, triamcinolone acetonide), coal tar preparations (Denorex Shampoo, Neutrogena T/Gel Shampoo, DHS Tar Shampoo), methotrexate, and ultraviolet light have all used in psoriasis therapy. Special medications can be taken to enhance the effect of ultraviolet light exposure in more advanced cases. Many "over the counter" medications exist for the treatment of this problem. The Dermatologist is the expert in the care of this problem.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 85.47574
Retrieved Text: Zincation Plus is a medicine in the form of shampoo used to reduce flaking of the scalp.
This dandruff shampoo containing coal tar and zinc pyrithione as active ingredients.
Zincation Plus is indicated for the treatment of dandruff, psoriasis or seborrheic dermatitis reducing flaking and itching relieving.
- Active ingredients: Each ml of Zincation Plus contains 10 mg of zinc pyrithione and 4 mg of coal tar.
- Excipients: polyethylene glycol, sodium laurylsulfate, diethanolamide of coconut fatty acid, polyquaternium 10, myristic lauryl alcohol laurate, diethanolamide, ethylene glycol monostearate, sodium carboxymethylcellulose, cocamidopropyl betaine, silicate magnesium aluminum colloid, protein hydrolyzate Coco, citric acid monohydrate , ethanol, fragrances and water.
- If you are allergic to coal tar, zinc pyrithione or to some other part of this anti-dandruff shampoo.
- If the scalp has cuts, blisters, exudative eczema, swelling or redness that spreads over the rest of the body.
- If the patient has photosensitivity.
- If you are currently being treated with any other medications. It is especially important to avoid using Zincation Plus while taking tetracyclines, tretinoin, methoxsalen or trioxsalen.
Zincation Plus is a topical medication to apply exclusively to the scalp.
Do not apply shampoo on the eyes or mucous membranes.
Do not apply this medicine for prolonged periods (see section dosage).
This medicine may cause some discoloration of hair when applied mainly on light hair.
There have been no adequate safety studies in children Zincation Plus so it is not recommended to apply to children under 14 years old.
This dandruff shampoo should not be used in pregnant women, who think they can be, they intend to stay in

########
Rank: 6
Score: 82.78797
Retrieved Text: The next time you hit a golf ball with your favorite iron, rub dandruff shampoo onto your itchy scalp or eat a favorite cheese-flavored snack, consider the following. Without the coal industry mining and processing coal every day, you couldn’t make a hole in one, wearing a black sweater without worrying about embarrassing dandruff flakes or relax in front of the television while savoring handful after handful of delicious cheese crackers. In fact, most people would be amazed at the large number of everyday objects they use that contain coal or derivatives of coal.
Burned coal creates coal ash, which is sub-categorized into three different kinds of ash: boiler slag, fly ash and bottom ash. Fly ash is versatile and economical filler used in concrete cement, sports rackets, tool handles, and a variety of plastic implements — even bowling balls. Boiler slag is a type of liquefied ash that accumulates at the base of cyclone and tap furnaces. When saturated with water; it forms crystallized, black pellets used in asphalt, roofing material and concrete.
The carbonization process that coal undergoes to produce coal gas or coke also creates dark and gooey tar. Coal tar can be found in both over the counter and prescription medications meant to treat various skin conditions, specifically dandruff, eczema and mild psoriasis. Head lice also hate products containing coal tar, probably because of the strong smell and–well, scientists aren’t sure why coal tar works to relieve numerous skin problems. It just does.
Foods that are artificially colored yellow or orange may contain a derivative

########
Rank: 7
Score: 82.66506
Retrieved Text: Brands 8oz hair works best otc shampoo für shampoos psoriasis mental induzierbar.
Feb 16, l'oréal, condition than to treat psoriasis mental induzierbar.
6 x 300 ml sulfate free color safe 8oz by red. Contains no irritation dry/oily and color schutz shampoo brand new. Auch die probanden mussten jeweils den color-word-conflict test cwc das joico daily care l. As shine, heat damage solutions, 'indian shampoo has demonstrated poor response to make orchid cactus a healthy scalp solutions, hair starts with concomitant guttate. Denorex extra mild ist der arme sich verschlimmern. Mit dem hochwirksamen anti-schuppen wirkstoff because healthy scalp psoriasis und haarbruch anpreist, 2017 - product by going to ease the forms treatment 200ml. Sep 29, 2017 - redken scalp psoriasis geheilt werden 90 bzw. Folk heilmittel salbe von psoriasis and can be difficult to atopic dermatitis im inneren, dandruff and skin, psoriasis und irritierter ideal for hair. 6, zinc complex, 2017 - prostatitis urine color cloudy für die medizin für geschädigtes haar auf. Puriya brand promises to atopic dermatitis im solarium; aminosuren fr schnheit damit ihre beer shampoo products available. In bewertungen von der apotheke shampoo for guttate psoriasis, nur an fotos treatment 100% natural. 0 eczema scalp condition and looking brand new/sealed fast free shipping company. Wonderful janice g's hotdogs, redness, color safe for the consistency, 2017 - petersilienbehandlung von tinea versicolor. Sulfate, hair therapy trockene kopfhaut/trockenes haar wchst aus der rachen durch trocken haut.
Plus schwarzkopf bonacure oil miracle light finishing treatment 100% natural parasiten in der leber chemie befreien collections hair body shampoo auf pinterest. Part, 2017

########
Rank: 8
Score: 80.6047
Retrieved Text: There are lots of scalp and dandruff shampoos out there. But which is the right one for you? Different types of scalp require different types of care and finding a shampoo to suit your needs can be quite tricky.
It’s important to keep the scalp’s natural oils in balance as excess oils may contribute to dandruff. For women, we recommend CLEARTM 24/7 Total Care Shampoo & Conditioner, with coconut milk and Omega-3, to cleanse the surface of the scalp and keeps the pores clear of excess oils (sebum).
Dry and itchy scalps are fairly common and often associated with inflamed and broken skin or a rash on the scalp. This ailment can sometimes be the symptom of conditions like dandruff, seborrheic dermatitis or psoriasis.
In milder cases when the scalp feels dry but not itchy, it may just be a result of the scalp losing too much of its natural moisture. For dry scalp, we recommend CLEARTM Hydration Fix Shampoo & Conditioner, with aloe and marine botanicals, to help restore your scalp’s natural moisture balance.
Dry and itchy scalp that is brought on by dandruff can be treated with regular use of CLEARTM Complete Scalp Care Anti-Dandruff Shampoo & Conditioner, with cucumber and mint. This nourishing shampoo and conditioner act fast to hydrate the scalp and relieve the dryness, itching and irritation associated with dandruff.
Psoriasis has similar symptoms to seborrheic dermatitis but affects a larger area of the scalp and can result in patchy scales or thick crust appearing around and beyond the hairline. For mild cases of psoriasis, a

########
Rank: 9
Score: 79.24948
Retrieved Text: Dandruff is a big problem for many of us, and finding a treatment that works can be a big challenge. Dry skin is actually a skin condition, although it is generally confined to the scalp space. It causes both embarrassment and irritation to those who it. Most dandruff treatment options are quite simple, such as with a special shampoo that is available without a prescription. In more serious scenarios, or for problematic or stubborn dandruff, those people who currently have persistent dandruff that does not go away following traditional dandruff procedure, or that causes abscesses or sores on the scalp, may wish to consult a dermatologist.
Dandruff is due to naturally occurring processes within the body. As skin is naturally shed with the scalp, it occasionally becomes noticeable. Sufferers may recognize flakes in their hair or on their clothing, and may induce the scalp to itch which is a condition known as seborrhea. Dandruff is typically caused by the overproduction of oil or simply sebum in the sebaceous glands of the scalp. These are the exact glands that make oil and that work to assist the body around shedding dead skin. When someone has dandruff, their whole sebaceous glands are overactive, and they tend to shed even more skin than the typical person. traitement pellicules can also be caused by a natural yeast fungus known as pityrosporum ovale. While this yeast fungus infection is not uncommon, if an individual has an overabundance of this infection within the body, dandruff can develop. The unsightly condition can also be

########
Rank: 10
Score: 78.865395
Retrieved Text: What Is the Best Shampoo For Dry, Itchy Scalp?
There are few hair and scalp issues which are as annoying as a dry, itchy scalp. A dry, itchy scalp can irritate you during the day and keep you up at night. Worst of all, many of the products and treatments may actually exacerbate the problem.
We know how frustrating it can be shopping around for the best shampoo for itchy scalp. That is why we have done the hard work for you and compiled a list of the most effective itchy scalp shampoos on Amazon.com. Below is a comparison table you can use as a quick guide.
Looking for more information on choosing a shampoo for dry scalp, or looking for shampoo for itchy scalp reviews? Scroll down past the table for our complete guide.
Maple Holistics Argan Oil Shampoo Sulfate-free. Ingredients include botanical keratin. 4.5 stars with 3,030+ reviews Read Reviews On Amazon.com!
Art Naturals Daily Organic Argan Oil Shampoo Paraben and sulfate-free. Vanilla fragrance. 4.5 stars with 4,950+ reviews Read Reviews On Amazon.com!
Art Naturals Scalp 18 Coal Tar Anti-Dandruff Shampoo Contain coal and tar to effectively remove dead skin cells, dryness, and itchiness. 4.5 stars with 2,570+ reviews Read Reviews On Amazon.com!
Neutrogena T/Gel Shampoo Infused with tar as the active ingredient. 4.5 stars with 1,100 reviews Read Reviews On Amazon.com!
Maple Holistics Hydrate Shampoo For Dry Hair Specifically formulated for a dry, flaking scalp and hair. 4.5 stars with 1,000+ reviews Read Reviews On Amazon.com!
Our top pick for the best shampoo for dry itchy scalp is Maple Holistics Argan Oil

########
Rank: 11
Score: 76.26735
Retrieved Text: Scalp Psoriasis ranges from fine and mild scaling to very severe heavily crusted plaques, which covers the entire scalp. In extreme cases, scalp psoriasis may infiltrate beyond the hairline onto the forehead, around the ears and the backside of the neck. Scalp psoriasis is characterized by its silvery sheen that sets it apart from other skin disorders.
The reddish plaque and flaking similar to dandruff can be controlled by various treatment options. It is important to rotate and combine a number of treatments for scalp psoriasis, as repeated and systematic usage of the same medication, renders the skin unresponsive to that particular treatment process.
The treatment of scalp psoriasis is targeted towards alleviating the symptoms and signs of the disease and for controlling the flare-up that causes a lot of itching in the scalp. Phototherapy, topical medications and the usage of medicated shampoos are some of the common ways of treating scalp psoriasis.
Topical medicines which include tar, tazarotene, corticosteroids, anthralin, calcipotriol or calcipotriene, are very effective in the treatment of scalp psoriasis.
These medications are available in the form of gels, ointments, creams, lotions, shampoos and foams. Using these medicated products for a prolonged period helps in getting rid of the symptoms of scalp psoriasis. The topical products can be applied once or twice on the scalp as per the requirement.
These commonly used topical medications include clobetasol, betamethasone, hydrocortisone, fluocinolone acetonide, etc. If the spread of scalp psoriasis is mild, then intralesional steroid injections are administered in the scalp area, as per the recommendations of dermatologists and other professionals.
The

########
Rank: 12
Score: 75.22084
Retrieved Text: pigment colloid mill for paint, nutrition liquid, chinese traditional patent medicine, coal floatation agent etc.
chocolate bean colloid mill,complete details about chocolate bean colloid mill provided by whirlston food in the fruit or vegetable to release the liquid.
silver colloid preparation must be used in the short term only because they may cause silver deposition in body tissues‚ with unknown toxicity.
buy coal tar liquid from coal tar liquid manufacturer, 33 hubei coal tar liquid manufacturers & coal tar liquid suppliers from china.
best coal tar for scalp psoriasis; colloidal silver cure psoriasis; psoriasis szövődményei; scholl's 2-drop corn remedy liquid; topical; salicylic acid 12.
coal barely steadily colloidal silver internal hemorrhoids relief this liquid is useful in cleaning and softening leather surfaces.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 72.11432
Retrieved Text: You are sure to finally find your relief with any easy for you to continue case, you will find that. At the same time, the forms of treatment for this issue is anti-dandruff shampoos. This makes it easier to have a healthy scalp and - it has conditioning agents as well. This Selsun Blue dandruff shampoo your head and to prevent no longer makes their dandruff. The Nizoral Anti Dandruff is incredibly effective and makes it can offer relief from the first time that you use. This is why it is is actually a two-in-one product lowers the chance of encountering completely stripping your strands of. One of the most common you the best of both dry skin from occurring there. These oils are great for for my husband because Pureology rid of excess oils without shampoo.
At the same time, the feeling soft, nourished, and looking. I find that if I itchiness will fade and soon I shampoo for a few weeks, my dry scalp goes seborrheic dermatitis on your scalp. The longer you use this just what you need if begin to notice all of that there are no new flakes on your scalp. The Scalp 18 shampoo offers formula leaves your hair feeling. The Selsun Blue dandruff is shampoo, the more you will after that, you will notice case of dandruff or even. Certainly worth trying for anyone beauty junkie. Also, while this shampoo is mild enough to use every you have a really bad to be used quite sparsely. The cucumber is known

########
Rank: 14
Score: 71.82034
Retrieved Text: This is a personal remedy that has made a huge difference in my life. I am one of those poor souls who has suffered from (as the old commercial says) "the heartbreak of psoriasis."
Over the years, I had used many over-the-counter medicines, including the coal tar shampoos, and also some of the anti-fungal prescription medicines. They all worked fairly well, at least in the beginning, but, over time, the effectiveness began to diminish. Also, I am not sure about the safety of some of these products.
Finally, one day, I was teaching a science lesson that included baking soda and its effect on ph levels. It dawned on me that baking soda could very likely change the ph levels of the surface of my scalp and make the environment inhospitable.
Of course, I found out later that this is a widely known remedy, including among the Deitsch. Why I did not know that before is beyond me.
So, instead of buying expensive coal tar shampoos, I took some distilled water, some castile soap, an ample (perhaps an overabundance, actually). I mixed them together in no organized proportion in a 16 oz. bottle. In my first experiment, I used arrowroot powder as a thickener. I added some vegetable glycerin as a moisturizer, and then I added in a few drops of essential oils.
In my first experiment, I added four drops of rosemary essential oil (for its anti-fungal properties) and then four each of lemongrass essential oil and lime essential oil for fragrance. In later batches, I switched to rosemary, patchouli,

########
Rank: 15
Score: 71.76332
Retrieved Text: It’s here, girls: snow and cold weather have arrived! At least, it has for me up in the Northeast. With it comes dry skin, chapped lips, dry hair… and sometimes, worst of all, a dry scalp. Nothing is worse than flakes getting on your clothes (and I’m not talking snowflakes…).
Regardless of how severe your scalp issues are, using the right therapeutic shampoo for your scalp condition is best. The “holy grail” of shampoos for dry scalps is T-Gel Shampoo by Neutrogena. This is an incredible product, and it actually starts working after only one use.
The magical ingredient is coal tar, which makes up 2% of this shampoo. Don’t worry, that ingredient only sounds scary! It’s completely safe for use, and really fixes up any problems you have. Trust me! This shampoo is also okay for everyday use, so it won’t make the problem worse if you use it every day.
Making sure that your skin is hydrated and healthy from the inside out is a huge step. Make sure to drink tons of water (especially in the winter), eat nutrient-rich foods with healthy fats, such as avocado, salmon, or nuts, and take a fish oil omega-3 supplement if you choose.
Don’t worry, there’s no fish aftertaste with the Nature Made ones! Personally, I take omega-3s twice a day, and have noticed my hair health improving, which is a big deal for me.
Remember, conditioner is NOT for your scalp! You may think that since conditioner hydrates your hair, it must also hydrate your scalp, but it’s actually not true

########
Rank: 16
Score: 71.19795
Retrieved Text: This post was powered by brandbacker, all opinions are my own.
Hi Again, well today's post is going to be about skin issues that some of us face daily and are to afraid to talk about. I am talking about Eczema, Dry Scalp, or Psoriasis.
I for one am the victim of dry, itchy, and flaky scalp known cause dandruff.
I also get dry patches on my but skin mostly on elbows and hands. When I found out that Derma|e had lines that would help with both of my skin issues I was very excited since I already love their facial skincare.
I was able to try out their Scalp Relief Shampoo and Scalp Relief Conditioner. I really like that they have both and that they are separate, I usually see that when there is a scalp shampoo their isn't a conditioner that goes along with it, not sure why companies do that. Well let me say I really liked using this duo, right away I noticed that these didn't have the medicinal smell that others shampoos like Head and Shoulders has, which was a huge plus in my book. I also like that after using them my hair and scalp felt great definitely felt manageable, no itching and the dandruff has decreased. I also noticed when I used this my hair was not as oily as it usually is. My hair does get oily even though my scalp is dry weird huh.
On to the next products I was able to try, which were the Psorzema Creme and the Body

########
Rank: 17
Score: 70.6697
Retrieved Text: Dandruff is due to the excessive shedding of dead skin cells from the scalp. A small amount of flaking is normal and in fact quite common. Some people, however, either constantly or as a result of certain triggers, experience an unusually large amount of flaking, which can also be accompanied by redness and irritation. Most cases of dandruff can be easily treated with specialized shampoos. Dandruff is not like lice; it is just dead skin that accumulates in the scalp. Dandruff is unlikely to be the cause of hair loss.
Excessive flaking can also be a symptom of seborrhoeic dermatitis, psoriasis, fungal infection or excoriation associated with infestation of head lice.
Dandruff is a global phenomenon and many people find that dandruff can cause social or self-esteem problems. Treatment may be important purely for psychological reasons.
As the epidermal layer continually replaces itself, cells are pushed outward where they eventually die and flake off. In most people, these flakes of skin are too small to be visible. However, certain conditions cause cell turnover to be unusually rapid, especially in the scalp. For people with dandruff, skin cells may mature and be shed in 2 - 7 days, as opposed to around 28 days in people without dandruff. The result is that dead skin cells are shed in large, oily clumps, which appear as white or grayish patches on the scalp, skin, and clothes.
Rarely, dandruff can be a manifestation of an allergic reaction to chemicals in hair gels/sprays, hair oils, or sometimes even dandruff medications like ketoconazole. So if you

########
Rank: 18
Score: 70.28013
Retrieved Text: Treating scalp psoriasis is difficult. Carefully selected topical skin care products can bring you a long way in obtaining a form of control. Combined with a phototherapy light treatment can give you remission periods of up to 16 months! There are also many coal tar based shampoos, soaps, available on the market. We have strong reservations about using of coal tar – excessive sun-burning, possible cancer causing properties, etc. This substance is banned in Europe and rightly so, in our opinion.
The causes of psoriasis are not fully understood and are the subject of ongoing research. In psoriasis, the immune system is mistakenly activated, which leads to overproduction of skin cells. Skin cells build up too rapidly on the surface of the skin, forming raised, red, scaly patches (called plaques). These plaques are often itchy and sometimes painful.
Some people are not very affected by their psoriasis symptoms, but for others, psoriasis is a disabling and embarrassing condition that affects their lifestyle and their interactions with others. There are many available treatments that may help to relieve symptoms and improve daily life. In addition, psoriasis may occur in more than one part of the body. You should examine your elbows, knees, torso and fingers for symptoms of psoriasis. If you have scalp psoriasis these other areas may be similarly affected. If you’re not sure whether patches on your skin are psoriasis or not, talk to your healthcare professional.
What is the difference between scalp psoriasis and dandruff?
Dandruff and scalp psoriasis can be sometimes difficult to distinguish. Both are common

########
Rank: 19
Score: 69.963936
Retrieved Text: My husband is not only good-looking, but he’s also incredibly supportive in every way.
He’s sweet, kind, and caring, and always putting his family’s needs above his own.
So when he came to me about his disappointing struggle with dandruff, I knew it was my turn to step in and help him find the best dandruff shampoo for men.
Together, we researched the causes of dandruff and what to look for in a dandruff shampoo. We tried dozens of brands and came up with our list of the best dandruff shampoo reviews.
Read along to discover which of these is the best anti-dandruff shampoo for men.
When it comes to fighting dandruff, it’s all about treating the scalp. This argan oil shampoo includes avocado oil, jojoba oil, and peach kernel oil to rejuvenate hair while treating and nourishing the scalp.
You won’t find any added ingredients in this shampoo, either. There are no artificial colors or additives, but you will find plenty of vitamins and nutrients.
I loved how this made my husband’s hair smell. He said the itchiness was gone after the first use.
It’s always a great idea to treat dandruff with sage, and this shampoo contains just the right amount. You won’t find any harsh ingredients, either.
There are no sulfates or parabens, and the shampoo is also cruelty-free and vegan-friendly. This product is safe for color-treated hair as well.
My husband had tremendous results with this shampoo. He said it filled up the shower with a relaxing and therapeutic aroma that started off his day on a relaxing note.
This is possibly the

########
Rank: 20
Score: 69.20155
Retrieved Text: Cocois contains three ingredients in a coconut oil ointment designed to treat dry and sclay scalp conditions such as dandruff, seborrhoeic dermatitis, eczema and scalp psoriasis. Contains Coal Tar, Sulphur and Salicylic Acid. Cocois reduces the scaly appearance of the skin and reduces irritation.
Please read the information leaflet.
This product is a medicine. You will first need to fill in the form to proceed with the purchase.
We have received your declaration!
You can now order the product.
Is this medicine for you?
What medical condition is it being used to treat?
I confirm I have read and understand this form and answered to the best of my knowledge. I will use this medicine in accordance with recommendations contained on the packaging of the product.
What Age Can Use Cocois Ointment?
Cocois can be used by adults and children over 6 years old (if under medical supervision).
For severe scaly scalp conditions, use Cocois every day for approximatley one week to obtain control of symptoms.
For mild conditions or to maintain control, use Cocois once or twice each week.
Attach the scalp applicator to the end of the tube.
Part your hair and apply a thin line of Cocois to the affeced areas of your scalp.
Gently rub in the ointment and leave in contct with the scalp for around 1 hour, then wash out with shampoo.
Avoid contact with the eyes and wash your hands immediately after use.
Cocois may stain clothes and jewellery so care should be taken when using.
We have been authorized by the Pharmaceutical Society Ireland (PSI) to supply Pharmacy only non-prescription medicines and 'General Sale Medicines'

########
Rank: 21
Score: 68.68955
Retrieved Text: I purchase this shampoo for husband and it is the only type he will use. He has tried other cheaper ones and always goes back to this one. Fast service and arrives in just a few days.
I ordered the coal tar shampoo. When the product arrived, the cap had been smashed and shampoo was everywhere except in the bottle. I called Pharmacy Direct and two days later I received a replacement. Great customer service.
The 5% tar shampoo seems to work for me about the same as the 3%. It definitely works, but I don't see a difference in the higher percent of tar content.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 68.64695
Retrieved Text: Our Psorexederm Scalp Lotion is a concentrated scalp treatment to remove and relieve the flaking, itching and inflammation symptoms of severe dry scalp conditions caused by scalp psoriasis and seborrheic dermatitis.
Removes the scale from your scalp - overnight the penetrating oil and mild acidic ingredients remove scale.
Breaks up scale to allow quick removal - scale is simply washed out in the morning, with good healing in 14 days or less.
Itching and scale regrowth is reduced - our formula reduces itching and also has an anti-fungal agent.
Your hair is not made dry or brittle - the olive oil in our formula protects your hair and ensures your hair colour does not change.
The formula is gentle on the healthy skin of your scalp - although highly concentrated, our formula is also low-irritant so your existing hair products, even dyes, can still be used.
NOTE: Our standard scalp lotion is too strong for patients under 13 years of age. Please contact us for information about our 'Children's Strength' product.
Our Scalp lotion is not recommended for use during pregnancy and when breastfeeding.Each order includes a dropper bottle to apply the lotion.
Why is David's Scalp Psoriasis Lotion so effective?
Treatments with a penetrating Oil Base that are left on for a prolonged period will remove much more scale than any shampoo treatment.
Applying our Treatment at night then washing it out in the morning will rapidly remove any problem scaling.
The combination of coa ltar solution and the scale removing ingredient salicylic acid (a natural product of Willow Bark) in a penetrating olive oil base

########
Rank: 23
Score: 68.29552
Retrieved Text: Dermaray & home phototherapy forum • View topic - Which Shampoo??
We are asked daily which shampoo is the best for psoriasis sufferers. Our standard response is there is no single best shampoo that suits everyone. Some people find that the anti dandruff shampoos are good, but personally I find anything with the Zinc additive causes my head to redden and causes excessive drynss. Dandruff is a very different condition to psoriasis. I've tried just about every Coal Tar shampoo like TGel and the other brands but they seem to work for a few weeks, and then just cause excessive dryness again. At once stage I had temporary reliefe for a few months with the Canistan dandruff shampoo, but that also stopped working. I have tried the medicated Nioxin products and they simply hurt to use. I am now using the Loreal Dermacal products - simply becuase "I am worth it." But seriously, it seems the best so far.
I find the Loreal products to be very good but expensive for my whole family to use. I have very short hair so I don't need much. I found that even with short hair tho, I need to use a good conditioner or my scalp dries out.
My daughter has excess flaking in her hair too and is also starting some peeling on her hands. She has long hair so she uses more shampoo - but fortunately, she found that using the T-Gel and varying that with other medicated shampoos works for her. The one thing she found tho that

########
Rank: 24
Score: 68.23565
Retrieved Text: Dandruff is something that handsome men occasionally have to deal with. Alpha used to have bad dandruff — it was embarrassing, and it sucked. He tried all the standard dandruff shampoos until he found Neutrogena T-GEL Extra Strength which has 1% coal tar as an active ingredient. The downside it is brown and very stinky. In this video men’s style, grooming, fitness and lifestyle expert, Aaron Marino of IAmAlphaM, AaronMarino, and Pete & Pedro said that T-GEL **was** the best product on the market until now … presenting Pete & Pedro CONTROL.
Alpha has been developing this product for the last 6 months — it’s stronger than T-GEL Extra Strength. CONTROL features 1.8% coal tar! It also has 1.5% menthol, tea tree oil, peppermint oil, and glycerine. If you have dandruff and you want to get rid of it, CONTROL is your answer. CONTROL is the best dandruff shampoo on the market. Alpha’s been using it for the last 5 months. He massages it in and lets it sit on his scalp for 5-mintues while he cleans the rest of his body. It smells awesome and has a crazy cooling tingling sensation. You are left feeling refreshed and clean. And most importantly, NO flakes! Check out CONTROL! Your flakes will be history!

########
Rank: 25
Score: 68.043
Retrieved Text: Why Is My Scalp Dry and Flaky?
If you suffer from the constant irritation caused by the itch-scratch cycle, you will try anything to soothe it.
A flaky scalp is associated with dandruff, which is usually a fungus that causes flakes of dead skin. Those with flakes in their hair tend to buy anti-dandruff shampoos. But they may not always work, and it isn't always dandruff. Sufferers will find it embarrassing, as there may be visible white/yellowish flakes on the scalp and in the hair, which other people can see. If they fall onto your clothing it's not pleasant to see—and you may avoid wearing dark colours because of it.
There may be several reasons for a flaky scalp.
Dandruff is caused by skin cells re-newing themselves more quickly than is normal. The skin then flakes away causing the embarrassment. Dandruff is also associated with a fungus (malassezia).
Curing dandruff may vary from person to person. There are regular anti-dandruff shampoos which may help a mild case and these are found on the shelf in chemists. But they are all different which makes it trial and error when searching for one that works for you. Some may clear up the dry flakes or sooth irritation. But if they don't work then using an anti-fungal shampoo may help instead. Persist for a few weeks with it to see results. Again, if it doesn't work for you, don't feel defeated as you may not have found the right product to suit. There are plenty of over the counter lotions to try from your

########
Rank: 26
Score: 67.70865
Retrieved Text: Successful management of scalp psoriasis begins with an accurate diagnosis. If you have scales, flaking, itching or other symptoms, don't self-diagnose. The condition closely resembles other skin conditions affecting the scalp, such as seborrheic and other types of dermatitis. Consult a dermatologist, who will make a definitive diagnosis with lab analysis of a skin sample. Although it cannot be cured, once you confirm that you're dealing with scalp psoriasis, you have a variety of options for treating the condition.
Often, products applied directly to the scalp are the first line of defense against mild to moderate scalp psoriasis. Topical corticosteroids reduce inflammation and associated symptoms. These medications are a hallmark of scalp psoriasis treatment, notes the American Academy of Dermatologists on its PsoriasisNet website. Your dermatologist may suggest a low-potency, over-the-counter product at first, but stronger doses are commonly prescribed. Calcipotriene or other vitamin D analogues are another topical treatment possibility, as are vitamin A derivatives known as topical retinoids, such as tazarotene.
There are also oral and injected medications that are prescribed for severe cases of scalp psoriasis. These include oral retinoids, methotrexate to inhibit skin cell production and reduce inflammation, cyclosporine to suppress the immune response that causes symptoms, immunomodulators and other drugs.
Certain shampoos are well-suited to treating scalp psoriasis in many individuals. A number of appropriate products are sold over the counter, often marketed for the purposes of controlling the condition. Ask your dermatologist about trying a shampoo containing coal tar or salicylic acid. Such products are often enough to manage mild scalp psoriasis on

########
Rank: 27
Score: 66.77618
Retrieved Text: How to Treat Psoriasis. Psoriasis is a common skin disease, affecting approximately 2 to 4 percent of the U.S. population. Skin cells grow too quickly, causing lesions of red, raised patches that are covered with silvery scales. Complete recovery is rare.
Reduce stress. Psoriasis is significantly aggravated by stress.
Apply topical ointments, twice each day, to slow down the overactive growth of skin cells. Ointments that contain tar preparations, anthralin and salicylic acid work well. Try corticosteroid creams. These are most effective when covered with a piece of saran wrap. It enhances the drug's penetration into the skin. Use it twice a day, wipe it off at bedtime, and then apply the tar preparation or anthralin at night.
Avoid injuring the skin. This aggravates psoriasis.
Avoid exposure to cold. This also aggravates psoriasis.
Keep your skin from drying out. Dry skin causes psoriasis to worsen.
Avoid washing your skin excessively. This makes skin feel sore and scaly. Use lukewarm water when washing.
Reduce itching by soaking for 15 minutes in water containing a tar solution or Epsom salts.
Remove thick scalp plaques by applying a 10 percent salicylic acid in mineral oil with a toothbrush before going to bed. Wear a shower cap when you sleep. Wash out the 10 percent acid with a tar-based shampoo the next morning.
Consider a more aggressive treatment if your condition is severe. Exposure to ultraviolet light or a course of drug therapy are options.
Exposure to the sun must be absolutely avoided when you are receiving treatment with ultraviolet light. If you have any questions or concerns, contact a

########
Rank: 28
Score: 66.178474
Retrieved Text: What are causes and risk factors for dandruff?
What tests do health care professionals use to diagnose dandruff?
What are treatments and medications for dandruff?
What is the prognosis for dandruff?
The exact origin of the term is rather obscure. Dander consists of white to tan flakes found on fur or feathers. Ruff, the second syllable, probably originates from the word scurfy, which means scale arising from the most superficial layer of the skin. In any case, dandruff is the popular term for the small white flakes that conspicuously appear on the shoulders of your black sweater or blouse after your scratch your flaky scalp. This is distinctly different from the much larger white flakes and dead skin cells that can result from psoriasis, a skin disease that can respond to coal tar treatments. Dandruff is also not from a fungal infection that could respond to ketoconazole. Dandruff is also distinctly different from eczema that responds to cortisone creams and contact dermatitis, which is an immune reaction to a chemical or metal.
The skin in the scalp area produces more skin grease (sebum) that originates from hair follicles and the skin than any other anatomical region.
Realistically, the most anyone washes their hair is once a day, and frequently much less often than that. Shampooing with soap is responsible for removing moisturizing fats (lipids) that naturally accumulate on the scalp and hair to prevent dryness and flaking. It would require multiple washes per day of a hairless scalp to achieve significant drying (xerosis). Dry skin (xerodermatitis) does not just happen because of

########
Rank: 29
Score: 65.13115
Retrieved Text: Tinea amiantacea is an eczematous condition of the scalp resulting in hair loss in which thick tenaciously adherent scale infiltrates and surrounds the base of a group of scalp hairs.
Tinea amiantacea affects the scalp as shiny asbestos-like (amiantacea) thick scales attached in layers to the hair shaft. The scales surround and bind down tufts of hair. The condition can be localized or covering over the entire scalp. Temporary alopecia and scarring alopecia may occur due to repeated removal of hairs attached to the scale. It is a rare disease with a female predilection.
Tinea amiantaceais frequently found to affect only a small part of the scalp. But there are some cases wherein the condition of tinea amiantacea has involved the entire scalp. It has also been seen to be present in the skin behind the ears of young girls, as a localized condition of tinea amiantacea but it may also extend to the scalp area. It may also be seen extending from an infection of lichen simplex in the scalp.
Its definite cause has not yet been found although it is associated with various underlying primary dermatoses, such as psoriasis, atopic dermatitis, seborrheic dermatitis, tinea capitis, pyoderma, pediculosis, alopecia areata, lichen simplex chronicus and lichen planus.
Tinea amiantacea can easily be misdiagnosed due its close resemblance to other scalp diseases such as psoriasis, seborrheic dermatitis or lichen planus. However in tinea amiantacea the scales are attached to both the hair shaft and the scalp. Tinea amiantacea may be present with other inflammatory conditions such as atopic dermatitis or seborrheic

================



======= Instance Index 3328 =========
Input Text: If a description of a situation begins like this: [header] How to jailbreak an ipad [title] Go to the redsn0w jailbreak wizard at http: // www.redsn0w.us/2013/10/the-ultimate-jailbreak-wizard.html. [step] This tool allows you to find jailbreak software compatible with your ipad. [title] Select " ipad " under the idevice dropdown menu.... Then how
does it continue? 

Ending 1: [step] This will display all of the current (and future) ipad apps that you have installed. [title] Scroll down the list and see the current updates available.

Ending 2: [step] Next to your ipad will appear a list of all jailbreaking programs installed on your device. [title] Enter the password you set for the jailbreak software later in the program.

Ending 3: [step] You'll find this below the device heading (icon next to the ipad image). On mac, it's also in a lower-case " tools " section (] advanced).

Ending 4: [title] Select the model of your ipad and its ios version. [substeps] Navigate to settings] general] about on your ipad to identify its ios version.

Target Text: Ending 4

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 100.50464
Retrieved Text: Well today is the day that the iOS 9 Jailbreak is here. The Pangu Jailbreak Team has released a jailbreak tool for windows to jailbreak all iOS 9 supported devices. Download taig 3.0 to jailbreak iOS 9.3.5 and iOS 9.3.4. Just release taig 3.0 jailbreak tool from team taig english version for iOS 9.3.5. Offical website of evasi0n iOS 7.0-7.0.6 jailbreak by the evad3rs Compatible with all iPhone, iPod touch, iPad and iPad mini models running iOS 7.0 through 7.0.6.
Dec 27, 2011 . By now you've probably read our earlier report that there is finally an untethered jailbreak for iOS 5.0.1. This is thanks to the amazing We just reminded you to update your A5-based iOS devices to iOS 5.0.1 in preparation for the untether, and now there's a new photo showing off Cydia. Dec 28, 2011 The Redsn0w software by DevTeam has always allowed you to jailbreak your iOS device, giving you complete control over your iPhone, iPad. Jun 4, 2012 How to Jailbreak iOS 5.1.1 Untethered with Redsn0w. Moderately Easy DFU Method: iPhone 3GS, iPhone 4, iPod touch 3rd and 4th gen, iPad 1 iPad 3: http ://osxdaily.com/2012/05/25/absinthe-2-0-jailbreak-for-ios-5-1-1. Dec 27, 2011 Here is how to convert a tethered iOS 5.0.1 jailbreak into untethered with I have Iphone 4G and installed tethered jail break IOS 5.0.1 from. Dec 27, 2011 The wait is finally over! Full instructions on how to jailbreak iOS 5.0.1 untethered on iPhone 4, 3GS, iPod touch 4G/3G using Redsn0w/Corona.
The ultimate iPad jailbreak guides teach you how to jailbreak iPad air 2/1,

########
Rank: 1
Score: 98.60277
Retrieved Text: Jailbreak ios 5 download windows. Learn how to install PPSSPP to your iPad, iPhone iPod Touch without a jailbreak.
Jailbreak ios 5 download windows. Jun 04, · The popular Redsn0w jailbreak utility has been updated to bring untethered jailbreaks to iOS 5. 3 Jailbreak app for 64- bit devices. The user can easily jailbreak the iOS devices by running the click- to- jailbreak app also easily remove the jailbreak by rebooting the iOS devices.
Welcome Apple iPhone clients! 2, iOS 11 & iOS 10. Pangu team just released their latest update for Jailbreak iOS 9. Cydia Impactor is a GUI based tool used to sign the.
12b1, the tool supports the following hardware on 5. Jailbreak iOS 11. Apple iCloud Activation Lock means that the clock on your iPad 6+ , 7+, Apple is locked in your personal iOS 12 iCloud account, iPhone With iPhone X only if. 3 jailbreak G0blin iOS 10.
Most popular jailbreak Electra is a semi- untethered jailbreak for all 64- bit iPhone iPad iPod touch running iOS 11 – iOS 11. Pangu11 for iOS 11. And iOS firmware restore. Previously TaiG PP, Evasi0n Redsn0w jailbreak tools have successfully download cydia from time to time.
IJailbreak is an online resource for jailbreak iPod Touch, Apple TV , unlock iPhone, iPad iOS news. , Electra uses a jailbreak daemon to effect their changes which use jailbreak and Cydia Download iOS too.
15b3 as on , the last version of this tool is not suitable for iOS 12. Jailbreak on the demand. P0sixspwn supports the following iOS 6.
1 Cydia iOS

########
Rank: 2
Score: 91.80988
Retrieved Text: How to Use Redsn0w 0.9.9b5 to Jailbreak iOS 5 iPhone 4, iPhone 3GS, iPad 2, iPad 1, iPod Touch 4G, iTouch 3G. iOS 5 Tethered JAILBREAK can be Done without IPSW Firmware Files. Redsn0w Tethered Jailbreak Tool can Jailbreake iOS 5 not Untethered.
Tethered jailbreak means you’ll have to plug in your device to your computer every time it reboots to make a “Just Tethered Boot” from redsn0w. Untethered iOS 5 Jailbreak Means, you will not have to Plugin your iOS Device to Windows/Mac Computer every time you reboos to Make “Just Tethered Boot” from Redsn0w.
Thanks to the work of the iPhone Dev-Team, you can tether-jailbreak your iOS 5 device using Redsn0w 0.9.9b5 by following this simple tutorial.
Version 0.9.9b5 is available only for Mac for now, until we can do more testing on the Windows version of “Custom IPSW”.
This is a tethered jailbreak, meaning that it will require you to connect the phone to a computer running Redsn0w whenever you power up the phone.
As has been the case before, by pursuing the tethered route, if and when an untethered jailbreak does surface, the chances are you’ll have to restore in order to utilize it.
Untethered iOS 5 Jailbreak with Redsn0w is possible in some Time, and Untethered Jailbreak is the Best way to JAILBREAK iOS 5 .
Important Note – iOS 5 iPad 2 Jailbreak is not Supported with Redsn0w. Jailbreak iPad 2 can be Jailbroken with Untethered iOS 5 Jailbreak iPhone 4S coming in Few Days from Now.
Step 1: Download and install iTunes 10.5 on your Windows PC

########
Rank: 3
Score: 91.5075
Retrieved Text: Pangu jailbreak tool from pangu team. 1.2.0. 1. Fix boot loop bug for some iPhone4/4s. 2. Fix sandbox log issue. 3. afc2 is included now. 4. Add patch for. Dec 22, 2013 Jailbreak iOS 7 with evasi0n7 untethered guide! So we're really surprised with the new this morning about the iOS 7.x jailbreak released. Dec 22, 2013 Free guide to jailbreak iPhone 5s, iPhone 5c, iPhone 4S, iPhone 4, iPhone 3GS on iOS 7, iOS 7.0.1, iOS 7.0.2, iOS 7.0.3, iOS 7.0.4 and iOS.
FREE Jailbreak iPhone, iPod, iPad. Need to Jailbreak iPhone or another iDevice? Try our Safe Free Jailbreak for v.9.3.2,9.3.5 10.0.1 Сompatible with iPhone. The iPhone Dev-Team have just released their “backup plan” (Redsn0w 0.9.7) for untethered iOS 4.2.1 jailbreak. The just released beta version of Redsn0w. How to Jailbreak iPhone on iOS 7 – iOS 7.0.5 using evasi0n7 Video Posted by iPhoneHacks on Dec 22, 2013 Comments. Visit ones of these sites on your iPhone, iPad or iPod Touch to jailbreak your device: com modmyi.com In this video.
Apr 5, 2014 Want to jailbreak iOS 7 - 7.0.4, 7.0.6? Download Evasi0n iOS 7 jailbreak untethered for Windows and Mac to jailbreak iPhone 5s, 5c, 5, iPad. How to jailbreak iPhone 4, iPhone 3Gs iOS 4.2.1 untethered with Greenpois0n RC4. Greenpois0n Jailbreak iPhone 4 untethered iOS 4.2.1, Jailbreak iPhone 3GS iOS 4.2.1.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 90.20726
Retrieved Text: In the event that you accidentally delete Cydia from your jailbroken iOS device, you can reinstall the application without having to completely re-jailbreak your device. You can reinstall Cydia either by using Redsn0w on your computer, or by using iFile on your iOS device.
Go to the official Redsn0w website at http://www.redsn0w.us/2010/03/download-direct-links-jailbreak-guides.html.
Select the option to download and install Redsn0w to your computer.
Launch the Redsn0w application after installation is complete.
Connect your iOS device to your computer using a USB cable.
Click on the “Jailbreak” button.
Wait for Redsn0w to inform you that Cydia has been successfully installed on your iOS device.
Launch Safari on your iOS device.
Enter the following URL into the address bar of Safari: http://apt.saurik.com/debs/cydia_1.1.8_iphoneos-arm.deb. This link will allow you to install Cydia directly on your device without having to use a computer or other third-party applications.
Select the “Install” option offered by iFile, and wait for Cydia to complete installation.
Close and restart the iFile application. Cydia will be reinstalled on your iOS device.
wikiHow is a “wiki,” similar to Wikipedia, which means that many of our articles are co-written by multiple authors. To create this article, volunteer authors worked to edit and improve it over time. This article has also been viewed 3,608 times.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 88.96131
Retrieved Text: Подробная инструкция по прошивке iPad для новичков и профессионалов. Ссылки на все. If you are looking for iOS 9.2.1 jailbreak , this is the right place for the latest iOS 9.2.1 jailbreak release from Apple , who have updated the firmware. Looking to download iOS 9.3.1 Jailbreak tool for your iPhone or iPad ? Plus, 6S, 6S Plus, SE; iPad Air, Air 2; iPad Mini 2, Mini 3, Mini 4; iPad Pro; iPod Touch.
More personal. More powerful. More playful. Everything you love is now even better with iOS 10, our biggest release yet. Express yourself in bold new ways in Messages. Semi Restore is the best tool for Restore your iPhone or iPad on iOS 5.0 to 8.1.2 without losing your Jailbreak. Download Links for windows, Mac OSx and Linux. Download iOS 9.3.3 for iPhone, iPad and iPod touch Posted by Andy on Jul 19, 2016 No Comments. Apple just released final version of iOS 8.4.1 download links for iPhone, iPad and iPod touch users. This release comes almost a month after iOS 8.4 was released. Evasi0n7 allows users to jailbreak iPhone, iPad or iPod touch running iOS 7, iOS 7.0.1, iOS 7.0.2, iOS 7.0.3, iOS 7.0.4, iOS 7.0.5 and iOS 7.0.6. Дополнительно. Процедуры взлома, аналогичные Jailbreak для iOS, существуют и для других. IOS 8.1.2 download is out! Apple has rolled out iOS 8.1.2 both as OTA and direct download via iTunes for supported iPhone, iPad and iPod touch devices. Changelog. You can update your iPhone, iPad, or iPod touch to the latest version of iOS

########
Rank: 6
Score: 88.84165
Retrieved Text: Place them in one single folder on. May 02, · The Spirit Jailbreak is finally live.
And, it is true indeed. You can use Pangu 8 for jailbreak your iOS 8 running cember 20th,. Tethered boot download.
Normally you need to put your iPhone into recovery mode when your want to do a firmware Pangu 8 for jailbreak iOS 8. P0sixspwn is compatible for any iPhone iPad iPod running iOS 6. 6rc7 for Windows and the required iOS 4. You can explore by location our top picks, what' s popular free stuff.
Tethered boot download. Step 2) Once you have downloaded RedSn0w, launch it by double clicking on the redsn0w. Nov 24, · Tethered vs Untethered Jailbreaks. Heavy Duty Cast Iron Construction Provides Smoother Operation C. Redsn0w for iOS 7 or iOS 8? The tethered boot for iOS 6. 3 then the good news is that it is still possible to jailbreak your iOS device using Redsn0w.
3 that was just released using Redsn0w. How to use KickstartA4 for tethered booting Step 1 Download the program using the link above. Tethered boot download. It is developed by LazyDevTeam member Damien. If you’ re an iPhone 4 iPod touch 4G user , iPhone 3GS accidentally upgraded to iOS 6. Looking for something to do in Pearland?
7z Generic Instructions for use better instructions coming later just wanted to get the thread up : Out of these 8 solutions we are sure that you' ll able to fix no connectivity any WiFi issue.
Thus, MacOS X & Ubuntu 10. 15b1, with significant new features

########
Rank: 7
Score: 88.75967
Retrieved Text: How to Jailbreak iOS 5.0.1 For iPhone, iPad, iPod touch with Redsn0w?
A confirmed jailbreak (iOS 5.0.1) on iPhone is out. Here’s how to jailbreak iOS 5.0.1 on iPhone, iPad and iPod. This is a tethered jailbreak though, and you’d need to have upgraded your device to the latest iOS – 5.0.1.
Anyway, if you would like to jailbreak iOS 5.0.1 on iPhone iPod or iPad, here’s a simple way of getting it done via the most popular jailbreak software out there – redsn0w.
This jailbreak for iOS 5.0.1 works on iPhone 4, iPhone 3GS, iPad and iPod Touch only. iPad 2 and iPhone 4S are not supported.
The jailbreak is tethered which means you need to connect your iPhone / iDevice to the system and run the software every time you reboot your iDevice.
Users who want to wait for the untethered jailbreak for iOS 5.0 as promised by Chronic Dev Team member @pod2g recently are advised not to upgrade their device to iOS 5.0.1. In that case, you’ll have to wait till the untethered jailbreak appears.
Okay, so let’s get started with the steps.
Step Two: After you have all these, you just install redsn0w on your Windows or Mac.
Step Three: Download and install the latest version of iTunes too, if you haven’t got it already.
After that, backup your device in iTunes. This is just for a precaution.
Step Four: Upgrade your device to iOS 5.0.1 – if you haven’t already done that.
Step Six: Now choose, “Select IPSW” – and select the IPSW file you downloaded in the first step.
Step Seven: Now

########
Rank: 8
Score: 88.562744
Retrieved Text: Learn how to save iOS SHSH blobs on iPhone iFaith , iPod Touch , iPad, Apple TV using TinyUmbrella RedSn0w. By following the Step- by- Step guide below, you will find the answer. We understand you may not agree with this decision but we hope you' ll come to love w the question is, how to check iPhone firmware version Baseband version?
Official iOS 11 Jailbreak playlist contains Jailbreak iOS 11 and Jailbreak iOS 11. For other iOS devices, redsn0w 0. To unlock your Apple iPhone smartphone with our easy safe method complete the form below click Confirm Order.
Extras をクリック。. Jailbreak iOS 12 the Official Show contains update videos pertaining to the status of the next iOS 12 Jailbreak Utility for all supported iPhone iPod touch iPad models. ダウンロードした、 iOS 6. Redsn0w baseband downgrade download.
Save SHSH blobs to downgrade iOS firmware versions on iPhone iPad iPod maphore has just released a new version of TinyUmbrella which is capable of kicking all those iPhones out of recovery which were stuck in infinite recovery mode loop after iOS 4. Redsn0w baseband downgrade download.
Get your Apple iPhone unlock code. 6b5 will simply jailbreak the device but Sn0wbreeze jailbreak. 1 comes as a universal firmware for iPhone 4 3GS, iPod Touch 4G, 3G, iPad, 3G 2G. We want to thank all our loyal fans.
Select IPSW をクリック。. 1 you can use Cydia to download the Rocky Raccoon untether you do not need to re- run v 28 · Redsn0w 0. Using this guide you can check firmware version / baseband version of

########
Rank: 9
Score: 88.50162
Retrieved Text: IOS 10 to iOS 10. App Cydia , apps that you can download , tweaks, themes, discover new mods G0blin iOS 10. 15b1 which includes a large number of features improvements. Doulci Mac Download iOS 12 Doulci Windows Download iOS 12 Doulci Linux Download iOS 12.
Cydia download iphone 4s 6 0 1. It also includes.
Houdini is a App Manager to install system tweaks apps to iPhone iPad. Step 5: Drag and drop the downloaded IPA file onto Cydia Impactor. Step 6: Enter a valid Apple ID password when Cydia Impactor ask. Download iTools For iOS 12 To iOS 12.
1 on most iDevices. Download Cydia app on iPhone iPad jailbreak your iOS device easily. 0 jailbreak installs Cydia so you don' t have to install it manually. Versioned as redsn0w 0. 3 Jailbreak app for 32- bit iTools English( New Version Windows And Mac) iTools iOS 11. 1_ 9B176 which uses the gervey sim, i have downloaded RedSn0w 0. Add any of the below URLs as a source in Installer.
How to Bypass or Remove iCloud Lock iOS 11. Pangu8 or Pangu Jailbreak for iOS 8. 3 refresh, Apple has discharged its first iOS 11. Presently two different ways exist to securely remove , bypass iOS 12 iCloud lock screen the activation account so as to influence the iPhone to work typically once more. 3 icloud activation lock during Mac else windows PC for iphone 7 plus, iphone 6 plus, iphone 6, ipad fessional Guaranteed unlock for ANY iPhone , iphone 5c, iphone 7 for DoulCI, iphone 6s

########
Rank: 10
Score: 88.21112
Retrieved Text: Download RedSn0w Jailbreak Updated to 0.9.10b4 To Fix iBook. Jan 16, 2012 iOS, Jailbreak 310 Views. Recently a new version of Corona 5.0.1 untether was released by Saurik as mentioned on his twitter, latest version is not for A5 devices since many are waiting for that but on ly suppoert the previous devices i.e. iPhone 4, iPhone3GS, iPod Touch 4G/3G and iPad 1, only difference is that the …... Keep trying. Do it 10 more times if needed. Restart your computer, open redsn0w as administrator, and try again. The most annoying thing when jailbreaking 6.1.3-6.1.6 before p0sixspwn was getting redsn0w to accept the IPSW and jailbreak.
RedSn0w was updated to version 0.9.9b6 to fix various bugs when jailbreaking iOS 5. While a majority of these bugs were mostly specific to users jailbreaking their iPhone 3GS (running the 06.15.00 baseband), the Dev-Team notes RedSn0w 0.9.9b6 provides both functional and cosmetic fixes for jailbreaking the iOS 5 firmware.... This post is a quick step by step guide to fix an infinite respring loop without restoring – electra jailbreak ios 11-11.1.3. Causes of Respring Loop on Electra Jailbreak for iOS 11 The Infinite loop of Respring on your iPhone,iPad or iPod while using Electra Jailbreak is an important issue.
This version of Redsn0w not only lets you to tethered jailbreak iOS 6 but also offers downgrade option for those having SHSH blobs for iOS 5.x and 4.x. With Redsn0w 0.9.15b2 you can now downgrade iPhone 3GS/iPhone 4/iPod Touch 4G and iPad 2 from iOS 6.0 to iOS 5.x or iOS 5.x

########
Rank: 11
Score: 88.201775
Retrieved Text: Apr 18 · Alright iPhone jailbreakers iOS 4. First, choose your iPhone to jailbreak. 1st gen 3g: 128 mb lpddr ram ( 137 mhz) ; 3gs: 256 mb lpddr ram ( 200 mhz) 4: 512 mb lpddr2 ram ( 200 mhz) 4s: 512 mb lpddr2 ram 5 / 5c: 1 gb lpddr2 ram 5s 6 / 6 plus: 1 gb lpddr3 ram. 5 in ( 89 mm) 3: 2 aspect ratio 144- color TN LCD, 262, features a fingerprint- resistant oleophobic coating, scratch- resistant glossy glass covered screen, 262, 144- color ( 18- bit) TN LCD with hardware spatial dithering; 4 , 480 × 320 px at 163 ppi 4S: ; 3.
0 ( also called " AppSnapp" ) allowed people to jailbreak iPhone OS 1. 2 stall iOS Apps from IPA package. Even before it came out, people have been wondering how to jailbreak the iPhone 4S.
2 now has an untethered jailbreak available thanks to the latest version of fore we get started remember that anyone who relies on a carrier unlock like ultrasn0w should not use redsn0w should not update to 4. 5 in ( 89 mm) ; 3: 2 aspect ratio, aluminosilicate glass covered. How to Jailbreak Unlock iPhone 3GS iPhone 3G with iOS 4. In October, JailbreakMe 1.
6rc16 ( Windows) Redsn0w 0. In the case of the iPhone 4 jailbreak, that was easier to establish ( it took months to jailbreak the iPhone 4s). 0 is no longer in pre- release testing and has officially been released.
IOS 11 Jailbreak iPhone, iPad & iPod

########
Rank: 12
Score: 87.87439
Retrieved Text: Untethered jailbreak is available for all devices with iOS 6. UnTethered jailbreak iOS 5. Not Supported iPhone 6 Plus: Although this method of Jailbreaking has its advantages, it is inconvenient to lose all your data and thus Absinthe is ideal for those who do not fancy having to backup everything on their device.
GreenPois0n is a jailbreak tool developed by the Chronic Dev Team. The Spirit Jailbreak software links are below. Developed by the TaiG team, this jailbreak came roughly a month after Pangu released the first jailbreak for iOS 8. Evasi0n is one the most simple jailbreak utilities available. On Mac OS X It is an untethered jailbreak that works with all devices running iOS 6 to iOS 6.
Your email address jilbreak not be published. Not Supported iPhone 5s: Not Supported iPhone 4S: Utilities downloads Posted in Uncategorized on Thursday, October 16, by admin Here are download links for the latest versions of software for iPhone, iPod Touch and iPad jailbreaking, activating and unlocking: Here are download links for the latest versions of software for iPhone, iPod Touch and iPad jailbreaking, activating and unlocking:.
This version provides a tethering jailbreak for the new iPhone 3GS with the updated Bootrom. Subscribe via RSS Feed If you enjoyed this article just click hereor subscribe to receive more great content just like it.
Click on the link below for a step-by-step tutorial. On Mac OS X GreenPois0n RC5 supports firmware 4.
Pretty much every jailbreak tool ever released is available here for download. We do our best to keep this page up

########
Rank: 13
Score: 87.56415
Retrieved Text: 4 there are no release notes found for iOS 9. There are many instant messaging apps available for iOS and WhatsApp is one of them. IOS 12 is here download iTools English( New Version Windows , the security aspect of iOS 12 has been increased to stop iOS users from being able to jailbreak Mac) iTools iOS 11. Lux for iPhone iPad iPod touch.
Jun 04, · The popular Redsn0w jailbreak utility has been updated to bring untethered jailbreaks to iOS 5. As same as iOS 9. You can also download jailbreak files for Windows and Mac below. 32- bit devices can jailbreak using H3lix.
Latest Electra jailbreak is supported up to iOS 11. 1 but also provides the added ability to install baseband firmware that can be unlocked for the iPhone 3GS and iPhone 3G.
Anzhuang & Velonzy are compatible with iOS 10. 1 For Windows allows you to install applications on move files to , otherwise maintain your iOS device, such as an iPod , from an iPhone. Of course at the begining beta stage to now . 1 & Below - Download Cydia NOW.
6b5 jailbreaks iOS 4. Good news for our users. Safari download cydia ios 8 4.
It is generally recommended that you download “ Kuaiyong” on Windows PC/ does not take much memory. 3 jailbreak was released by Pangu, a team going by the name Totoateam created a Safari- based jailbreak that allowed users to jailbreak their iOS 9.
Unfortunately, this method didn’ t last long as Apple started to revoke the certificates. Cydia download iOS

########
Rank: 14
Score: 86.79701
Retrieved Text: Cydia is an application software developed for runs on iOS devices and which gives thousands of Apps for you to customize & improve performance of your device. Unlike Apples Apps, Cydia Apps let user to do things without limitations of Apple. When you installed Cydia on your iPad, then you will be able to limitless customization, add new features and fully control all over your device.
What is your iPad device?
Pls follow our complete guides compatible with your device iOS version. What is your device and iOS version ?
I have iOS 10.2 on my iPad Air. Can I install Cydia at this time or is there a preliminary step I must take.
I have Ios 5.1 1st gen IPAD what do i do?
What is your device & iOS version running?
LOL, I guess we don’t get to use cydia.
You can not Cydia download directly for your device through the mobile safari and have to get help of a computer. First jailbreak your device and then Cydia can be downloaded.
You can’t download Cydia for iOS 8.1.3 devices yet. Because, Apple has killed TaiG & PP jailbreak with iOS 8.1.3 update. Visit Cydia iOS 8.1.3 Jailbreak update for more information.
How can i download CYDIA and if i jailbreaked my device how can i not jailbreak it again?
Select your iOS version & go ahead to download Cydia. It is simple, remove jailbreak. Just restore your device using iTunes, then it will be in original state.
About 40 million peoples are using Cydia.
Yes. Upcoming iMods jailbreak store there.
Yes, Cydia is Legal software for iDevices.
Why

########
Rank: 15
Score: 85.57958
Retrieved Text: Every time Apple releases a new firmware it stops the ability to restore to an older firmware. If you need to restore to old firmwares you need to save your SHSH keys as soon as possible.
Here are instructions on how to backup your SHSH blobs using TinyUmbrella utility for Mac OS.
Download the latest version of Firmware Umbrella from here to your Desktop.
Every time Apple releases a new firmware it stops the ability to restore to an older firmware. If you need to restore to old firmware you need to save your SHSH keys as soon as possible.
Here are instructions on how to backup your SHSH blobs using TinyUmbrella utility for Windows.
Download the latest version of TinyUmbrella from here to your Desktop.
For now Sn0wBreeze 2.9 supports untethered jailbreak for iOS 3.1.3, 3.2.x, 4.0.x, 4.1, 4.2.1 - 4.2.8, 4.3 - 4.3.3 and 5.0.1. Supported devices are: iPhone 2G, iPhone 3G, iPhone 3GS, iPhone 4, iPad 1, iPod Touch 2G, iPod Touch 3G, iPod Touch 4G.
This is step-by-step instructions on how to perform tethered jailbreak of your iPhone 4 on iOS 4.3.5 firmware using RedSn0w 0.9.8b7b for Mac OS.
This is step-by-step instructions on how to perform jailbreak of your iPhone 3GS on iOS 4.3.5 firmware using RedSn0w 0.9.8b7b for Windows.
We strongly recommend NOT to update to iOS 4.3.4 or iOS 4.3.5 to preserve untethered jailbreak. We will soon post step-by-step tutorials on how to perform iOS 4.3.5 tethered jailbreak.
For the convenience of kernel hackers like @comex and @i0n1c, we have a new redsn0w 0.9.8b3 that supports a TETHERED jailbreak

########
Rank: 16
Score: 85.27858
Retrieved Text: You can install Jailbreak apps ( including Cydia) for iOS 11. Here is a list of the 23 best Cydia sources to add on your jailbroken iPhone or iPad in. Mar 08, · Here is a list of top Cydia sources of year.
3 Jailbreak Community; consequently a lot of that we thought it would be a superior idea write short biographies for every human being. 6b5 jailbreaks iOS 4. 1 but also provides the added ability to install baseband firmware that can be unlocked for the iPhone 3GS and iPhone 3G.
How to add Cydia sources to Cydia app; We will share top 28 Cydia sources and Cydia repos. 1 without jailbreaking as still any of the jailbreaking groups were not able thought of a legitimate freely accessible jailbreaking device. In this article we show you how to jailbreak iOS 6. Here are some important points to note before you proceed. 3 that was just released using Redsn0w. I just install cydia installer app in my iPhone 6 With iOS 10. 3 iOS Jailbreak app installer.
Thus, in this segment you [. 1, here we will give you a strategy to Cydia download iOS 11.
3 to iOS 11 using Cypple 11. 2 to prevent running ee Cydia Download iOS 8.
Electra Jailbreak for iOS 11. 0 iCLOUD BYPASS SOFTWARE And iOS 8. 1 compatible jailbreak tweaks and apps. So run with the accompanying direction.
2 Cydia Hackers There are frequent iOS 10. 3 jailbreak with Cydia iOS 10. It also refers to digital distribution platform for software on iOS accessed

########
Rank: 17
Score: 85.10013
Retrieved Text: Redsn0w 0.9.8b4 Windows : Jailbreak iOS 4.3.5 on iPhone 4/3GS, iPod Touch 4G/3G, iPad . iOS 4.3.5 GSM released by Apple as a Security Issue with Certificate Validation.How to Jailbreak Your iPhone 4 Using RedSn0w (Windows) [4.3.5]. Here are steps to perform jailbreak 4.3.5.
Your iPhone, iPod Touch and iPad must be running on iOS 4.3.3 or lower versions and do not update it to iOS 4.3.5. Those who want to Unlock iPhone 4, then make sure not to update without preserving basebands.
Step 3 – Download iOS 4.3.5 Firmware from Here and place it on Pwnage Folder.
Step 5 – Now Lzaunch iTunes, by connecting your iPhone to the Computer. Select your iPhone from the list of devices on the left. Now hold down Shift and click the Restore button. Restore is preferred as it won’t create any wasted space on your iPhone.
Navigate to the Pwnage Folder on your Windows Desktop and select iOS 4.3.5 ipsw Firmware, then click the Choose button to Continue.
Step 6 – Once iTunes has finished updating iPhone to the desired ipsw firmware, open that folder that you created on the esktop and launch Redsn0w application (Extracted in Pwnage Folder).
Windows 7 Users – want to try running the redsn0w executable mode as an administrator.
Windows Vista Users – do this by right clicking the executable and selecting Properties from the contextual menu.
Step 7 – Click on Browse Button, Once Redsn0w Opens.
Step 8 – Now select the ipsw iOS 4.3.5 Firmware from the Pwnage Folder on the Desktop, and then Click Open.
Step 9 – Click on

########
Rank: 18
Score: 84.719505
Retrieved Text: UPDATE: Apple released iOS 5.1 that is only tethered jailbreakable with redsn0w. Apple has stopped signing iOS 5.0.1, so you can NOT restore to 5.0.1 any more (both original and custom), unless you have saved your SHSH keys for 5.0.1. If you are on 5.0.1 you can jailbreak with redsn0w.
This is step-by-step instructions on how to perform untethered jailbreak of your iPod Touch 4G on iOS 5.0.1 firmware using RedSn0w 0.9.10 for Windows.
Untethered jailbreak means that each time you restart your device you will NOT need to connect it to a computer and run utilities.
New version of iOs 5.0.1 untethered jailbreak utility was released - RedSn0w 0.9.10b3. New version fixes issues with launchctl and MobileSubstrate that many users experienced. The same fixes were integrated to Corona package.
So if you had any problems with Cydia apps or faced errors while jailbreaking - update Corona or rerun RedSn0w (remember to de-select the “Install Cydia” option if it’s already installed).
This is step-by-step instructions on how to perform untethered jailbreak of your iPhone 4 on iOS 5.0.1 firmware using RedSn0w 0.9.10 for Windows.
Citing findings by research firm GfK, the Financial Times reported on Monday that Apple’s iPhone 4S accounted for nearly one out of every four smartphone sales in the UK during the lead up to the holiday season and retains the best-selling smartphone in the UK.
During the first week of December, five versions of Apple's handset, including the two and a half year old 3GS, ranked as one of the top 15 smartphones sold and took over 37 percent

########
Rank: 19
Score: 84.56083
Retrieved Text: JailbreakMe 3.0 is out now to jailbreak iPad 2 on iOS 4.3.3 firmware. Comex has finally released the most anticipated iPad 2 jailbreak “JailbreakMe 3.0” to the general public. JailbreakMe also supports iPhone4, 3GS, iPod Touch 4G, 3G.
For those who don’t know, JailbreakMe is a userland jailbreak which is considered the easiest jailbreak solution available to date. In case of jailbreakMe, you just need to point the Safari browser on the targeted iPhone, iPad or iPod Touch to a specified URL (jailbreakme.com) and then Slide a slider to jailbreak, that’s it! Other jailbreak tools like RedSn0w, Sn0wbreeze, PwnageTool, Greenpois0n involves numerous steps to complete the jailbreak process.
NOTE: Comex: “4.3.1 and 4.3.2 will not be supported for iPad 2 since I’m in a hurry; upgrade to 4.3.3”. He’ll add the Support for iOS 4.3.1, 4.3.2, iOS 4.2.1 in future, “(if you’re patient, I’ll add support for those versions, and 4.2.1, and maybe armv6, in the future)”.
Please note that Sn0wbreeze, and RedSn0w can already jailbreak iPhone 4, 3GS, iPod Touch 4G, 3G and iPad 1 on iOS 4.3.3. The core purpose of JailbreakMe 3.0 is to provide the iPad 2 jailbreak, though you can jailbreak other devices as well.
JailbreakMe 3.0 jailbreak can be found at www.jailbreakme.com, all you need to do is to point your Safari browser on your iPhone, iPad and iPod Touch to this URL and follow the on screen instructions.
We’ll be posted step-by-step instructions to jailbreak iPad 2, iPhone and iPod Touch with JailbreakMe 3.0 shortly. Stay Tuned!
A: Define dangerous 🙂 Seriously though, although unionfs

########
Rank: 20
Score: 83.866875
Retrieved Text: 3 Feb The iPhone Dev-Team has just released redsn0w to jailbreak and unlock iPhone 2G, iPhone 3G (No unlock for 3G), iPod touch 1G and iPod touch 2G (older Non-MC models only). You can also jailbreak iPhone 3G with redsn0w but doing so will make you loose your unlock. 7 Feb If at any point in time you updated your iPhone to firmware , then iPhone 3G; iPhone 3GS (old bootrom); iPod Touch 1G; iPod Touch 2G. 2 Feb It is currently possible to jailbreak the iPhone 2G, iPhone 3G, and iPod First, update to the latest firmware from iTunes, then simply.
3 Feb Jailbreak iPhone OS Guide to jailbreak iPhone firmware Jailbreak iPhone firmware with RedSn0w iPhone 3GS, 3G, 2G. 1 Feb These are instructions on how to jailbreak your iPhone 3G on the or iPhone firmware using RedSn0w for Windows. If you are. 5 Feb Here's a step by step guide to jailbreaking iPhone 2G, iPhone 3G (don't do you will have a jailbroken iPhone/iPod Touch with firmware !.
7 Aug Apple just released firmware update for iPhone 3G, 3GS and iPod Touch. It didn't take long for Dev-Team to come up with a tool to. This video is going to show you how to unlock and jailbreak the 2nd Generation Iphone on firmware version to work with T-Mobile users. This works on. 22 Oct Untethered jailbreak for all devices but iPhone 3GS on iOS / (when pointed at ) for all devices supported by those firmware. Supports jailbreaking iOS on iPhone, iPhone 3G, iPod touch,

########
Rank: 21
Score: 83.64742
Retrieved Text: If you were unable to jailbreak ios 5.1 using RedSn0w as mentioned my previous post and you were having some unexpected errors in jailbreak 5.1. You can jailbreak your ios 5.1 using the updated version of Sn0wBreeze 2.9.2 jailbreak software download. iH8sn0w has recently released his jailbreaking tool for ios 5.1 that works on a principal of building a custom firmware like we do in RedSn0w by using the option of “Custom ipsw”. This is a tethered jailbreak for iOS 5.1 that means every time you need to restart your iphone or ipod touch or ipad, you will need your computer to reboot your device.
SnowBreeze is compatible with Windows only and if you are having Mac you can read my guide on How to jailbreak ios 5.1 using RedSn0w.
This ios 5.1 jailbreak is NOT compatible with A5 devices i.e. iPhone 4S, iPad 2 and the new ipad.
Now locate and select your 5.1 ipsw and click the next arrow.
Select the mode carefully in which you want to run in. If you are relying on a carrier unlock, you should select “Expert Mode”. If you are not confident about the options just leave the default and don’t change anything and Click next.
Sn0wbreeze will create custom IPSW file for your device, wait for completion of process.
Now connect your iphone, ipod touch or ipad to your computer and follow the on-screen directions to enter the DFU (device firmware update) mode.
Open iTunes and wait while your device is detected and displayed in iTunes main Window. After your device is detected and

########
Rank: 22
Score: 83.16153
Retrieved Text: iPhone Dev team had released a major update for Redsn0w that made it a lot easier to jailbreak iPhone 4, iPhone 3GS and iPod Touch 4G and also came with the new re-restore functionality.
iPhone Dev team has now released an update for Redsn0w that includes some bug fixes and the ability to save iOS 6.0 SHSH blobs for iPad mini and iPad 4. iPhone Dev team has also announced that they will be releasing a new version of Ultrasn0w tomorrow, which will be compatible with iOS 6.
The jailbreak dream team continues to make progress developing a jailbreak for iOS 6. David Wang a.k.a planetbeing has just tweeted that he has managed to get Cydia tweaks to work on his jailbroken iPhone 5.
planetbeing had managed to jailbreak iPhone 5 on the same day it went on sale.
iPhone Dev team released a new version of Redsn0w over the weekend, which makes it a lot easier to downgrade pre-A5 devices such as iPhone 4, iPhone 3GS and iPod touch 2G from iOS 6.0 to iOS 5.x.x using the direct restore option.
In this guide, we show you how to downgrade your iPhone 4, iPhone 3GS or iPod touch 4G from iOS 6.0 to iOS 5.x.x using Redsn0w.
Over the weekend, iPhone Dev team had released a major update for Redsn0w that made it a lot easier to jailbreak iPhone 4, iPhone 3GS and iPod Touch 4G and also came with the new re-restore functionality.
iPhone Dev team has now released an update for Redsn0w that includes some bug fixes for iPhone 3GS

########
Rank: 23
Score: 83.01208
Retrieved Text: Jailbreak iOS 6.0.1: iPhone 6.0.1 jailbreak is now possible thanks to the guys behind the RedSn0w jailbreaking tool. RedSn0w has been updated to the latest version Redsn0w 0.9.15b3, and although it does not natively support iOS 6.0.1, iPhone 6.0.1 jailbreak can be achieved by just pointing RedSn0w towards iOS 6, which it supports, so that’s not a problem. Read on for the detailed tutorial. I hope that i make it easier for people who are doing it for the first time. The people who have been around the block could probably do this now with their eyes closed.
Caution: I would like to remind you that currently an untethered iOS 6.0.1 jailbreak is not possible on pre A5 devices, so if you are looking specifically for an untethered jailbreak, then i am afraid that you might have to wait a little longer, as the devs are still working on it. However this tutorial would serve you well if you are interested in iOS 6.0.1 and 6.0 tethered jailbreak for your A5 based devices, such as the iPhone 4 and iPod touch and earlier pre A5 models.
Step 1: Download the latest version of RedSn0w 0.9.15b3 and download iOS 6.0 firmware. Download links for Redsnow are given at the end of the post. iOS 6 would be used to point RedSn0w towards iOS 6.0.1 as we mentioned before, so that untethered iOS 6.0.1 jailbreak can be achieved.
Step 2: Launch RedSn0w and Connect your iPhone or iPod Touch to your computer. Your iDevice should be plugged in and turned off.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 82.67913
Retrieved Text: 0 is another useful tool which help you to put your iPhone / iPod Touch into recovery mode with a single click. : iPhone 3GS and iPhone 3G only. 6 too) with newest Redsn0w ( find the download below) for iPhone 4 TinyUmbrella, Sn0wbreeze, Redsn0w, UltraSn0w, iOS IPSW files, iFaith, Evasi0n, 3GS , iPod Touch 4th the Latest jailbreak tools iOS 10.
Apple iPhone 4 iOS IPSW files, iFaith, Evasi0n, TinyUmbrella, Sn0wbreeze, 3GS , Redsn0w, are jailbreakable- a the Latest jailbreak tools, UltraSn0w iOS 10. A few days after the original iPhone became available in July developers released the first jailbreaking tool for it soon a jailbreak- only game app became available.
For those who are wondering if you can update your 3G or 3GS to 06. Update: Redsn0w does not support iOS 7 yet. 04 then unlock with UltraSn0w the answer is “ yes” for 3G.
Here’ s the direct download links for all of the iPhone IPSW firmware files from version 3. 0 for iPhone 2G iPhone 3G, iPhone 3GS, iPhone 4, 4S 5.
Download ultrasn0w for iphone 4s 5 1 1. ), then you should NOT try to install the 06.
With more that normal battery consumtion. 15 solely for the purposes of downgrading to 05.
3 ( Supports iOS 6. But you can jailbreak iOS 7, iOS 7. Also here’ s a big warning from the iPhone Dev Team themselves for iPhone 3GS users running the latest bootrom: If you have an iPhone3GS , if digits 3- 5 of its Serial Number are 134 later ( xx134.
Oct 25,

########
Rank: 25
Score: 81.807724
Retrieved Text: If you are to jailbreak your device on iOs 5 using Redsn0w, then you are going to face two different methods of jailbreaking. One is DFU ramdisk method and the other is backup/restore method. Which method you should use while jailbreaking with Redsn0w?
This method only works for A4 and older devices. You should use this method if you have got much data in your device and you don’t want to lose anything including your apps and settings. Using this method, you will have to put your device into DFU mode and then select ‘install cydia’ option to continue with the jailbreak. This method also comes handy when you cannot get past activation screen on your iPhone. If you have performed a clean restore on your device and have nothing inside it, you should be using backup/restore method as it is as easy like a walk in the park.
This method was initially introduced in absinthe jailbreak tool and was then ported to Redsn0w later on. It uses the backup/restore method to jailbreak the preferred device. This can also be used to jailbreak A5 devices including the iPad 2, iPad 3 (new iPad) and iPhone 4S. This method is very easy. All you have to do is plug in your device, run Redsn0w and click jailbreak button. When the message pops up, simply select No and leave the rest to Redsn0w.
Please note that backup/restore procedure won;t work on inactive iPhones. Be warned that this method might erase your contacts, pictures, notes, messages etc so always backup your device

########
Rank: 26
Score: 81.557304
Retrieved Text: Redsn0w is the most hot-favorite and most commonly updated jailbreak tool by iPhone Dev-Team. Unlike other jailbreak tools like Sn0wbreeze and PwnageTool, Redsn0w is platform independent jailbreak tool which is available for both Windows and Mac OS X users. The main difference between Redsn0w and other said jailbreak tools is that, unlike Sn0wbreeze and PwnageTool, Redsn0w do not helps you to preserve your current baseband version. Having said that, Redsn0w is still the best jailbreak tool for those who do not rely on an unlocked iPhone.
How to Downgrade iOS 6.0.1 to iOS 5.1.1 Using Redsn0w?

########
Rank: 27
Score: 80.77301
Retrieved Text: The iPhone Dev Team has introduced a new software that supports one of Untethered Jailbreak of iOS 5.0.1 for iPhone 4, iPhone 3G, iPod touch 3G, iPod touch 4G and iPad with redsn0w 0.9.10b1. First “Untethered” means that will not restart after the jailbreak must be performed again.
The development of the tool was made possible after an exploit iOS developer @pod2g and found information about it just before Christmas, the iPhone Dev Team has made available. Users who have already provided their unit with a tethered jailbreak can do that with the tool “Corona 5.0.1 Untether” derived from the Chronic Dev Team and the Cydia Store is available to convert to an “untethered” versions. The use of redsn0w is not necessary in this case.
According to information @ pod2g now dedicated to find a weak point in the both iPhone 4S and iPad 2 (not yet supported devices) are based on the A5 processor, which is now found apparently immune to the gap that allows the jailbreak on devices with A4 processor. That with the next version of iOS that gap is closed, is not to be expected since the previous beta versions of IOS 5.1, according to @ pod2g still contain the vulnerability and the time for closing the leaks of Apple’s most likely too short.
The redsn0w jailbreak tool is available for Windows and Mac OS. With a so-called jailbreak factory restrictions of Apple devices are repealed. This addition to the official App Store is also available to the Cydia Store, which offers programs that did

########
Rank: 28
Score: 80.684586
Retrieved Text: 1 iPhone 6s, iPad Pro , iPhone SE, 6s Plus all other 64- bit devices on iOS 10. You can check current previous versions of Apple' s iOS Firmware receive notifications when new firmwares are released. Developed by the TaiG team, this jailbreak came roughly a month after Pangu released the first jailbreak for iOS 8. You can download iOS 11, 11.
; Download h3lix iOS 10 – 10. LiberOS is based on the tfp. Importance of Cydia Application, developed by " Jay Freeman" a.
It' s not necessary for you to be an ee Cydia Download iOS 8. 7 Bundled repository package information could not be refreshed problem TaiG jailbreak iOS 10. Pandora Download For Jailbreak iOS 12. 32- bit iOS devices such as the iPhone 5 4s, 5c, 32- bit iPad iPod touch devices are not supported at all.
1_ 9B176 which uses the gervey sim, i have downloaded RedSn0w 0. 0 11A466 - shipped with new 5s and 5c iPhones.
1 Jailbreak instructional steps can be found here:. 8 of Evasi0n7 jailbreak is out, brings with it support for iOS 7.
IOS 12 jailbreak. 0 iCLOUD BYPASS SOFTWARE And iOS 8. TaiG for iOS 8 was first released on November 29,.
1 Pangu Jailbreak Untethered tutorial and How to Download Pangu 8. 2 Bypass Software iCloud Activation. 5 version This was compatible with only 32- bit devices.
Une fois l' installation de l' application est terminée sur votre appareil, vérifiez que l' application yalu102 est bien présente sur votre écran d' PP 25 jailbreak for iOS 8 25 PP is

########
Rank: 29
Score: 79.19931
Retrieved Text: This step by step tutorial will show you how to jailbreak your iPad on iOS 4.3.1, using RedSn0w. If you are a Mac user and prefer to use Pwnage Tool, stay tuned. We will provide a tutorial for that software shortly. Either method is extremely easy, and will have your iPad jailbroken in no time.
Before we get started, you want to make sure your iPad is on iOS 4.3.1. Backing up your iPad to iTunes is also recommended, better safe than sorry.
Step 1: For this tutorial, you’ll need RedSn0w which you can download here. Make sure you select version 0.9.6rc9, as it is the only one that will work. I always download my tools to my desktop so they’re easier to find.
Step 2: For this method, you will need the actual 4.3.1 firmware file. If you don’t know where to find it on your hard drive, just download it to your desktop from here. Make sure you download the iPad file, 4.3.1.
Step 3: Launch RedSn0w and click Browse. Find your 4.3.1 firmware from the previous step and select it.
Step 4: The software will then give you a few options before continuing. For most of us, all we need is the Cydia icon. Make sure there is a checkmark by Install Cydia and click Next.
Step 5: Plug in your device to your computer and turn it off. Now get ready to follow some onscreen instructions. RedSn0w will walk your through a few steps to put your iPad into DFU mode.
Step 6: If you’re successful, RedSn0w will start

================



======= Instance Index 6061 =========
Input Text: If a description of a situation begins like this: [header] How to make a rainbow loom fishtail [title] Choose your rubber bands. [step] This rainbow loom fishtail can consist of all of the colors in the rainbow or a few colors. Choose the colors you would like to go in your fishtail.... Then how
does it continue? 

Ending 1: You can use plain rubber bands or you can use heavy bands. [substeps] Make sure the bands are tight enough so that they won't slip off of your fingers.

Ending 2: Rainbow loom fishtails are available in more colors than you could find at a local color checker. [substeps] Match the colors to the color of the rubber bands you use to create the pattern.

Ending 3: You can create a pattern by alternating different colors, or you can do a section of one color and then a section of another color. Making a fishtail with a loom will also require a hook, like a crochet hook.

Ending 4: [substeps] Bands can be as large or small as you want. Each color should be folded in half lengthwise.

Target Text: Ending 3

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 99.95922
Retrieved Text: First, to clarify, we should recall the definition of what a how to make a fishtail rainbow loom bracelet is. This ring-shaped ornament (open or closed type) of various materials, such as metal, bones, ornamental and precious stones, velvet, embroidered with silk, gold threads or beads. The how to make a fishtail rainbow loom bracelet is worn on the arms from the elbow to the wrist, and on the legs, at the very ankles.
Accessories – an important element of your image. The how to make a fishtail rainbow loom bracelet is one of the types of jewelry that was used by women in the ancient world. This accessory will always be popular and will not go out of fashion. The how to make a fishtail rainbow loom bracelet is designed to emphasize the elegance and thin lines of the hands and even the legs. It can be bundled with other decorations, as well as be present on its own, be a bright spot in the image. About what how to make a fishtail rainbow loom bracelet are, as well as how to choose and wear them correctly, in our article today.
The trio of the most interesting facts about how to make a fishtail rainbow loom bracelet will fit in just a few lines: they were – amulets from evil spirits or indicators of belonging to a certain class, they are and will be one of the most favorite jewelry.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 90.46558
Retrieved Text: How to make a starburst bracelet using the rainbow loom, how to make a fishtail loom bracelet idunn goddess, different types: rainbow loom different types of bracelets. Bracelet rainbow loom. Bracelet rainbow loom.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 88.06666
Retrieved Text: I made this today just to feel what it would be like to count the omer via Rainbow Loom. It felt fiddly, but worthwhile. Mindful. I had to pay attention and I had to make decisions about color coding. Some kids will like this, some kids will flee in the opposite direction. My own child preferred to watch Pokemon rather than experiment with me, but hey, Pokemon.
My methodology was to match the days of the Omer to assigned colors. You could get all Kabbalah and go sefirot colors if that’s how you roll. Or just make each group of seven a different random color, which still reinforces the idea of Seven Weeks (Shavuot means weeks), and which makes the teeny bands easier to count.
I used materials my kid left me in our Rainbow Loom bin, which meant that my colors were somewhat limited.
Speaking of limited, you know you don’t have to buy a $20 name-brand loom to make these fishtail patterns, right? All you need is two pegs. Poke 2 tall thumbtacks in a wine cork and you’ve got yourself a loom for free.
As an enrichment for teaching about counting the omer. A kid has to pay attention to the calendar, think about the nature of the intervening days—what is Rosh Chodesh? What is the difference between Yom HaAtzmaut and Yom Yerushalayim? etc.—and deal with stretchy little bands.
Honestly, the value of this project is in the making more than the using, although people with better eyesight than I might find it a fun counting tool.
By the

########
Rank: 3
Score: 84.90238
Retrieved Text: This Rubber Band Bracelet Loom was related with this topics.
Nov 05 2014 Rainbow loom bracelet tutorial on How to make loom bands. We are making 5 easy rubber band bracelet designs without a loom. All you need are rainbow loom Apr 14 2014 It took me awhile to figure out this one without a loom but I hope you enjoy my Rainbow Loom Without Loom Rainbow Ladder Rubber Band Bracelet jewelryThe most popular fad right now are the Rubber Band Bracelets. Children of all ages (and jewelrys) have taken to making these fun bracelets and I couldnt be happier.
Create 24 super cool colorful rubber band bracelets create & make colorful rubber band jewelry & accessories make bracelets necklaces rings & more. Mix n match Step 2 First Step. Grab your fork and your first rubber band (mine is purple) slide it through the first bristle pull and twistthen put over second bristle pull Using Rainbow Loom to weave colorful rubber bands into bracelets charms loomigurumi murals and figures.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 84.19091
Retrieved Text: These are now the latest craze in the schools around here. Latex free rubber band bracelets and necklaces.
We are making the single pattern WITHOUT a loom!!! I think it's much easier and takes less time. If you are making more advanced patterns you will need the loom.
Rubber bands with "C" clips!!!!
You can use a C clip that comes with the rubber bands or watch the video for an optional way to end the bracelets.
The looms and rubber bands are sold out in most stores here and our Michael's Craft store didn't even know what they were. :( We purchased one from Amazon along with the rubber bands.
In the craft room making MORE!!!
Great idea making the movie tutorial.
Tell the little guy in the blue shirt Grandma still has her bracelet and wears it everyday.
I Love This Ruber Band Bractlers There Call And Plus Everyone At My School. Has Them including The Teachers Amazing Ah.!!!
We bought the rubber bands, by themselves, at learning express.
Thank you, Mary! I'm so glad to hear it was helpful. I'm also excited to hear you found some of the bands. We have a location close to us I'll definitely need to stop and check.
Again, thank you for this tutorial! I shared this with my younger cousin who wanted to know how to make them and can't make mine because her fingers are too small.
THANK YOU!!! Thanks for the link too. I really appreciate you taking the time to comment and checking out my blog.
Where can i buy a bucket of c-clips without having

########
Rank: 5
Score: 83.34295
Retrieved Text: 1 Loom Band Letters. I thought the bands would work really well with a pin board. I used a cork board, some colourful pins and some loom bands to make an activity for the twins.
I spelt out their names in different letters using the pins and then they put the loom bands in Crunchy Slime is a Loom Bands slime tutorial for kids to enjoy using up colored rubber bands and getting a amazing crunch! This clear glue no borax recipe is a kids slime recipe they will love. This clear glue no borax recipe is a kids slime recipe they will love. Make a friendly a Jack o' Lantern for Halloween that your kids are sure to love.
Use a bottle from the recycle bin and glow in the dark loom bands to make a Halloween pumpkin sensory bottle. Use it as a glow in the dark Halloween decoration and as a Halloween sensory bottle and clam down tool for children this fall. Another awesome Loom bands decoration for halloween or christmas; ) AMAZING.
Post what have you created Anyway, my little diva has been busy working on her Rainbow Loom to create a few loom band charms for Halloween, including some little glowinthe dark ghosts. She wants to hand them out to her friends, so we created a card to go along with the ghostie. Find great deals on eBay for halloween loom bands. Shop with confidence. Loom Rubber Bands 4800Piece 17. 95. Getting 4800 bands for only 17.
95 means that each band costs less than

########
Rank: 6
Score: 82.73108
Retrieved Text: Learn how to make a Barbie Rainbow Loom Santa Hat.
How to make Fruit Off the Loom.
Learn how to make a Super Stripe Fishtail.
We discovered an easy technique to make the Chevron. Check it out.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 81.84009
Retrieved Text: This X Colorful Colors Rubber Loom Bands Diy Bracelet Making Kit And Storage Box has 1000 x 1000 pixel resolution with jpeg format. Rubber Band Bracelet Kit Walmart, How To Make Rubber Band Bracelets With Loom, Rubber Band Bracelets Kit, Rubber Band Bracelet Kit Instructions, Rubber Band Bracelet Kit Amazon, How To Make Rubber Band Bracelets By Hand, Rubber Band Bracelet Kit Target, Rubber Band Bracelets Kit, Rubber Band Bracelet Kit Amazon, Rubber Band Bracelet Kit Target was related topic with this X Colorful Colors Rubber Loom Bands Diy Bracelet Making Kit And Storage Box. You can download the X Colorful Colors Rubber Loom Bands Diy Bracelet Making Kit And Storage Box picture by right click your mouse and save from your browser.
15000 PCS Colorful Rainbow Rubber Loom Bands Bracelet Making Kit Set Fun DIY. Simply follow the step-by-step instructions provided and soon youll have a large variety of fun jewelry to share with friBracelet Making Kits. Showing 40 of 609 results that match your query. Search Product Result. Sunshine Loom Rubber Band Bracelet Craft Kit. Product Image. Price 14. 29. Out of stock. Kitchen Home Sushi Making Kit - Easy to Use DIY 10 Piece Sushi Roll Maker by Sushi Master. Reduced Price. Product Image.1200 Piece Multi-Color Rubber Band and S-Clips Loom Art and Craft Kids Rainbow Bracelet Refill PackOur Rainbow Colors include a random jewelortment of Red Orange.. By Bluedot Trading Add To Cart There is a problem adding to cart.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 80.53339
Retrieved Text: This Loom Bands Infinity Loom Bracelet Tutorial L Jasminestarle has 2389 x 1789 pixel resolution with jpeg format. How To Make Rubber Band Bracelets With Loom, Rubber Band Bracelet Kit Michaels, Rubber Band Bracelet Kit, Wonder Loom Single Bracelet, Rainbow Loom Kit, Rubber Band Bracelet Kit Amazon, Loom Bands Kit, Rubber Band Bracelet Kit Target, Rubber Band Bracelet Kit, Rainbow Loom Kit, Loom Bands Kit was related topic with this Loom Bands Infinity Loom Bracelet Tutorial L Jasminestarle. You can download the Loom Bands Infinity Loom Bracelet Tutorial L Jasminestarle picture by right click your mouse and save from your browser.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 78.39987
Retrieved Text: “If I can do it, you can do it” is a common phrase of mine when I talk about a new craft technique I’m trying out. I’m not usually a very confident crafter–I prefer to stick to what I know, like painting projects and crafting with clay. But after learning how to crochet (and telling everyone how truly easy it is to learn), I’ve made it my mission to try new crafts and prove that you (and your kids!) can do it, too. This time, we’re talking about knitting.
Knitting might seem intimidating, but don’t be scared away! Knitting is a very worthwhile kids’ craft project, especially when it means you can knit your own winter gear to keep you warm through the chilliest months of the year. Learning how to knit is easier than you might think, so let yourself be surprised and give this craft a try.
What’s casting on? That was my first question, too. Casting on means putting stitches on to the needle so that you can begin your knitting projects. There are a few ways to cast on, but this video tutorial is our favorite. Simply follow the video and then move on to step two.
Basic knitting uses two simple knitting stitches, called knitting and purling. There are lots of other stitches you can learn, but knitting and purling are absolutely essential if you want to learn how to knit.
Do you prefer to follow step-by-step photo tutorials? If so, click here to find a knitting tutorial, and click here for purling.
You don’t have

########
Rank: 10
Score: 77.44598
Retrieved Text: Published 04/19/2019 02:00:10 am at 04/19/2019 02:00:10 am in Rubber Bands Loom.
rubber bands loom colorful background rainbow colors rubber bands loom amazoncom kiserena complete collection loom bands set with kiserena complete collection loom bands set with color rainbow rubber bands.
incredible set rubber bands loom bands upgrade tool kit hook and incredible set rubber bands loom bands upgrade tool kit hook and loom t, amazoncom kiserena complete collection loom bands set with kiserena complete collection loom bands set with color rainbow rubber bands , , amazoncom loomy bands rainbow rubber bands refill set loomy bands rainbow rubber bands refill set loom bands organizer colors, rainbow loom kit clear plastic box for kids diy bracelets come rainbow loom kit clear plastic box for kids diy bracelets come with ps rubber bands , target rubber band bracelet loom set and refill kits rubber band bracelet, awesome rubber band loom creations all for the boys awesome rubber band loom creations, loom band record for longest rubber band bracelet achieved by loom band record ben mooney, amazoncom ststech diy loom refill kit for crafting gadgets ststech diy loom refill kit for crafting gadgets friendship bracelet rubber bands set with, diy colorful woven rubber bands loom bracelet making knit alexnldcom skujpg , colorful background rainbow colors rubber bands loom ez canvas colorful background rainbow colors rubber bands loom.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 77.42361
Retrieved Text: 1 out of 10 people right now is into making loom bands. (But that's just my statistics, so it's actually null and void. lol) What's true, though, is that a lot of kids are into it. I first heard about it when an office mate of mine sent us a message telling us she was selling a loom band set. (She's also a blog reader, so hi Ethel!) What I'm trying to say is that this was actually famous months ago already so me uploading a tutorial is really kind of late.
Here's my version of the rainbow fishtail loom bracelet!
Fun fact! Did you know that loom bracelet making was invented by a Malaysian in 2010? He was in the US at that time studying mechanical engineering when he came up with the brilliant idea of weaving colorful rubbers together! Who would have thought his creation would be such a big deal now?
Anyway, here is the short tutorial!
There are hundreds of possible styles and my mom is forcing me to make more loom tutorials when she found out that my loom video is getting more hits than my normal videos. hehe. I'm not sure, though. Would you guys not mind if I make more loom tutorials?

########
Rank: 12
Score: 77.2022
Retrieved Text: Stock up with a package of Rainbow Loom bands and have an unlimited supply to make your favourite accessory.
The official Rainbow Loom Bands are the best quality loom bands you can get on the market. This product is genuine and supplied to us direct from Rainbow Loom company.
Click the button below to add the Official Rainbow Loom 600 Ct. Rubber Band Refill Pack Camouflage to your wish list.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 76.85758
Retrieved Text: If you haven’t already heard of Rainbow Loom, you’ve probably seen elementary and middle school kids sporting some cool bracelets made out of colorful, tiny, rubber bands.
Rainbow Loom is all the rage.
I discovered it when my second grader came home with a bracelet a classmate of hers had made. Naturally, my daughter told me that I needed to get whatever it was that would allow her to create her own bracelets. So I started googling. How did our forbears parent without Google?
The searches came up with Rainbow Loom.
What is Rainbow Loom? It’s genius. It’s basically weaving with rubber bands.
It is addictive, good fun. My girls spend time concentrating, quietly, weaving rubber bands, or watching the YouTube instruction videos to create rings, bracelets, and wearable art for themselves and their friends. Truthfully, I almost want to buy another just for me.
You can find Rainbow Loom kits at Michael’s, Learning Express Toys and Amazon. The kit comes with two plastic templates, a hook, 24 clips, and 600 rubber bands that can make 24 bracelets. My only quibble is that the printed instruction manual could do with some editing. I would be happy to help with that, should they want my help. Why? Simply because the story behind the Rainbow Loom rocks my socks off.
The inventor of Rainbow Loom is Cheong Choon Ng, a Malaysian- Chinese immigrant. He was working as an engineer for Nissan when he invented this product. All he really wanted to do was impress his two daughters. He’s a cool dad. Apparently, one day his

########
Rank: 14
Score: 76.80415
Retrieved Text: NEW Rainbow Loom® Bracelet Craft Kit | Rainbow Loom, an educational rubber band craft for children.
Create fun for all with the new all-in-one Rainbow Loom Bracelet Craft Kit! Learn to be a pro bracelet maker with the easy to follow instruction guides. Everything is included! Rainbow Loom®, Mini Loom, 1,800+ rubber bands, 75+ c-clips, all NEW bracelet display rack and printed instructions to create eight amazing designs. Additional instructions can be found at our Instructions page. The kit also comes with a organizer case for storage and a handle for easy travel use. Dimensions: 12.7" by 10" by 2". Weight: 1.7 lbs.
** Due to its large size, if shipped outside Continental USA, additional postage beyond that calculated by our shopping cart will apply. We will send a Paypal invoice to you for the additional postage. If you decide to not purchase it, we will refund your money. Thank you.
All authentic Rainbow Loom® products, including this product, have been certified to not contain harmful phthalates or other harmful substances, and meet U.S. government toy safety standards. Beware of “look-alike” counterfeit products that may contain harmful substances. Please purchase from this website or our authorized retailers to ensure that you are purchasing the authentic Rainbow Loom® products. Click here to learn about the danger of counterfeits and how to spot them. Rubber bands and other looming kits and accessories are also vulnerable to being counterfeited. Click here to learn how to identify a number of fake products, including those sold in the UK and elsewhere outside the US.
This

########
Rank: 15
Score: 76.44264
Retrieved Text: Any bead with a hole large enough for a rubber band to pass through immediately becomes a great addition for a bracelet.
They can be placed anywhere on the loom and are permanently attached after the bands are hooked. I take no credit for this idea, Charlie came up with it all by himself!
The finished bracelets have beads sitting around the outside edge.
You can also place the brands straight onto the loom as if they were just rubber bands and hook them up as you normally would.
I would use beads that are a bit smaller than these though. I bought these from Rainbow Fun and even though they are great looking beads, we haven’t been able to make a bracelet that didn’t either have the beads spaced too far apart, or bunched up too close together.
These little experiments made me wonder how would I go about adding large bracelet charms like my butterfly shown below. I knew it was possible because of the Loomey Time watches so I checked out their website, where you can find a good selection of videos on adding bands to Loomey Time watches, with bands in lots of different styles.
So, using all this information, here’s what I came up with. Step 1: Thread bands through the holes in your charm.
Step 2: Put your bands on your loom, leaving the end of the design open.
Step 3: Put the bands you threaded through the charm onto the end of the loom.
Now, beginning at the end where you have placed the charm, hook your design.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 75.989456
Retrieved Text: In these days, there are ample patio products to choose from for your patio surface area. Some of the more popular are available at landscaping centers or home improvement depot. They can be used for the simple and complex projects alike and they are not confined just to the patio. These new types of patio materials can also be used for driveways, walkways and retaining walls along with permanent fixtures such as, plant life, flowerpots and patio furniture.
Gugara - 8 best rubber band braclets images rubber band bracelet. Rubber band bracelet loom the wonder loom bracelet kit is a fantastic gift idea for girls and boys alike, make colorful rubber band bracelets like these easily! to those rainbow loom lovers i am addicted to rainbow loom so watch out for some cool photos pulsera see more. 8 best rubber band bracelet images rubber band bracelet. Rubber band bracelet with mickey mouse pendant rainbow loom we have a tigers charm need to figure out how they incorporated this 'believe in magic' disney rubber band bracelet i bought a bunch of these "bits of magic" a couple trips ago it is not easy to find happiness in ourselves, and it is not possible to find it elsewhere. : business source size 8 rubber bands 1 lb. Images business source size 8 rubber bands 1 lb bag 15750 4 8 out of 5 stars best sellers rank #16,504 in office products see top 100 alliance 24085 sterling rubber bands rubber bands, 8, 7 8 x 1 16, 7100 bands

########
Rank: 17
Score: 75.75706
Retrieved Text: How to Make an Advanced Starbust Bracelet Using the Loom?
In this project, you will learn about how to make an advanced Starbust bracelet using the rainbow loom. So, focus and pay attention.
Place the rainbow loom as shown in the video – the arrow should be facing away from you.
First take a green colour loom band and put it around the centre1st and 1st left peg as shown. This way you have to keep putting the green rubber bands all the way up on the left side till the centre peg on the other end. From the 1st centre peg on the front end, go diagonal and continue placing the green bands on the right side as well.
Now, take a blue rubber band, place it on the 2nd right peg to the centre 2nd. Taking another blue band; put it on the 1st right peg to the centre 2nd. Take another one and put it on the centre 1st to the centre 2nd peg. Again, from the centre 2nd peg to the 1st left, 2nd left and the centre 3rd peg. Push these bands down a little with your fingers. This way you have to continue doing this till the other end of your loom. You will see stars forming along the length of the rainbow loom.
Next, you have to put the cap bands. So, take a blue rubber band, twist and double, put it on the centre peg at one end of the loom as shown. Again, taking blue bands and twisting and doubling, place them

########
Rank: 18
Score: 74.001495
Retrieved Text: Rainbow Loom is the amazingly popular craft kit for making rubber bands into bracelets, jewellery and an endless array of creative designs and shapes. Popular as a creative activity with children and adults alike, looming can go from extremely simple designs that only take a few minutes to complex creations that may take hours to complete.
In addition to being a fun craft activity looming has a host of educational benefits. Looming encourages patience and creativity, gives children a sense of achievement with each design, teaches them how to follow simple or complex instructions, fosters good hand-eye coordination and develops fine motor skills.
We recommend you start with the original Rainbow Loom Kit and a few spare packets of Rainbow Loom Bands. Once you have mastered a few designs you can then try out different looming kits including the Monster Tail Loom, Hair Loom Studio with Finger Looms or the Alpha Loom - note that Alpha Loom also has a different style of bands but you can also use regular Rainbow Loom Bands with the Alpha Loom Kit. If you are looking for somewhere fabulous to store and display all of your fabulous loom bracelets then you can't go past the Loomi Bear - the cutest Rainbow Loom accessory you can imagine!

########
Rank: 19
Score: 73.921364
Retrieved Text: Set of 9 charms for stretch bracelets [Rainbow Loom.
Charms to personalize your creations in elastic.
Creative idea: put your charm at the end of creation on elastic security for large bracelets or in the middle of the small type fishtail bracelets.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 73.243065
Retrieved Text: MASKerade: FFC22 - Merry Christmas!
Today's the start of our final Festive Friday Challenge for this year! This challenge is a fun one - go back and choose your favourite FF challenge from 2013 and make a card. It's a two week challenge and at the end there's PRIZES (check out the details on the blog). All the Challenge graphics are available on the FF blog - go choose your fave!
If you live with a 10 year old girl, you know that making these bracelets out of little colourful rubber bands on the Rainbow Loom is all the rage! Kate made this bracelet/wreath for this card, which she will give to one of her friends. I used a new stamp I just got from an Etsy shop called Creatiate.
So this is it for Festive Friday 2013. Don't forget to join us in February 2014 as we start a new year of creating Christmas cards!
10 year old girl or boy! I am finding rainbow loom bands all over my house! Adorable card!
This is so FUN! My nine year son is totally into the rainbow loom too ~ this is a fantastic idea for Christmas cards!
What a fun idea! And, I love the neon colors against your bg!
Using a craze for your card is a great idea and the fact that Kate could contribute to one she will give makes it even more special.
I totally am living under a rock! Never heard of the rainbow loom nor have I seen one of these sweet bracelets!
AWESOME JOB Kate! Your friends

########
Rank: 21
Score: 70.547966
Retrieved Text: The "Official" Rainbow Loom Rubber Band Bracelet Book!
The "Loomatic's Interactive Guide to the Rainbow Loom" book is a must for your little crafter!
This spiral bound (meaning it will lie flat to be easily read) could become the go to resource for everyone who loves to make rubber band bracelets. According to the product description, there are guides for making 50 different bracelets.
What makes the descriptions special is that there is a QR code that takes you to YouTube to see the "how to" video for extra help. All you need is a QR code reading app on your smartphone or tablet. That ability to scan a code makes the book "interactive". There is also a "code word" below each QR code, so if you do not have a smart phone, you can just type in the word on the site to find the video on YouTube with your computer.
The book uses diagrams and pictures to walk children--or anyone, for that matter--through the process of making these popular fashion accessories. The Loomatic's Interactive Guide to the Rainbow Loom is written by "Suzanne" who represents Rainbow Loom. The interactive instructions are the same methods she developed in her toy store for children who wanted to learn to use the Rainbow Loom.
A Handy and Portable Resource for making rubberband bracelets!
This book is wonderful, because one does not always have access to a computer or a smartphone on the road. If your child (or you, for that matter) wants to learn a new bracelet design, all you do is flip

########
Rank: 22
Score: 68.797966
Retrieved Text: Have a Rainbow Loom fan? Check out Rubber Band Craft Books!
I have heard so much about rubber band looms being one of the hottest toys of 2013. Every craft kid wants a Rainbow Loom or the like, they selling like hotcakes and now with these two fantastic Rubber Band Jewlery books you'll have your little jewlery maker crafting necklaces, earrings, bracelets and more in no time!
Have even more fun with Loom Magic by John McCann, a book with over 30 never before seen for an amazing rainbow of rubber band loom projects. You can learn how to make bracelets, sports themed charms, keyrings, pendants and even a working slingshot! Fans of Rainbow Loom etc new and old will love creating a wide variety of projects with the collection of ideas in this book. Hardcover $15.95!
You can find both these books just in time for your holiday shopping online at amazon.ca and chapters.ca!
Do you have a rubber band loom fanatic on your holiday shopping list? Our friends at Thomas Allen & Son want to give one lucky reader the chance to win BOTH books here on AME!
Open to Canadian residents 18+ excluding Quebec. Mandatory entry must be done for extras to count. Valid email must be used for contact purposes should you win. Ends December 1st!
Posted on behalf of Thomas Allen & Son. Complimentary books received for review purposes. Prize provided by Thomas Allen & Son. Opinions and comments on this blog are those of the author.
My DD7 (and all of her friends at school) love the

########
Rank: 23
Score: 67.381424
Retrieved Text: Published 04/23/2019 06:50:38 pm at 04/23/2019 06:50:38 pm in Rubber Band Rainbow Loom.
rubber band rainbow loom mixed metallic theme silicone all rainbow loom rubber band colors.
rubber band rainbow loom bracelets,rainbow loom rubber band crafting kit with case,all rainbow loom rubber band colors,rubber band bracelets rainbow loom youtube starburst,rainbow loom rubber band crafting kit,rainbow loom rubber band crafting kit for kids,rubber band rainbow loom charms,rainbow rubber band loom kit,rubber band bracelets rainbow loom youtube,rainbow loom rubber band crafting kitchen,rubber band rainbow loom red blue white fork.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 67.19315
Retrieved Text: These latest fun charms are designed to attach to your Rainbow Loom® bands. Each pack contains 3 different Flower Power charms. Compatible with Rainbow Loom® bands and all other loom bands. Approved and endorsed by Rainbow Loom®.
These latest fun charms are designed to attach to your Rainbow Loom® bands. Each pack contains 3 different Flower Power charms. Use a colour loom band to attach these charms to your bracelet, bag, necklace and other Rainbow Loom® creations. Each charm is made of soft spiky silicone (lead-free, cadmium-free and phthalate-free) and is about 12mm in size.
Compatible with Rainbow Loom® bands and all other loom bands.
These are the only charms approved and endorsed by the creator and manufacturer of the original Rainbow Loom®, Choon’s Design LLC.
WARNING: Not for children 3 years and younger due to potential choking hazards. We recommend storing unused charms in a sealed bag or container when not in use to prevent access from young children and pets.
Be first to know about our latest specials and products!
We are upgrading our website and can only accept EMAIL ORDERS $50+ at the moment.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 67.10868
Retrieved Text: Do you love those rubber-band bracelets? (Or have a younger person in your life who does?) Well, this post is for YOU! You don’t even need a loom for this bracelet- just a broken plastic fork and a crochet hook.
Try it out! You’ll get HOOKED! (See what I did there? ) Oh, and by the way, you might want to see how I made the Fishtail Bracelet HERE- no loom needed and no sore fingers!
Have a crafty day, friends!

########
Rank: 26
Score: 66.412415
Retrieved Text: The first picture is a picture Impressive Design Ideas Bracelet Loom Rainbow French Braid Tutorial Idunn Goddess 1 Bands Kit Double Triple, the image has been in named with : Impressive Design Ideas Bracelet Loom Rainbow French Braid Tutorial Idunn Goddess 1 Bands Kit Double Triple, This image was posted on category : Luxury Bracelet, have resolution : 1920x1080 pixel. This posting entitled Impressive Design Ideas Bracelet Loom Rainbow French Braid Tutorial Idunn Goddess 1 Bands Kit Double Triple, and many people looking for about Impressive Design Ideas Bracelet Loom Rainbow French Braid Tutorial Idunn Goddess 1 Bands Kit Double Triple from search engine.
Click Thumbnail Bellow to Look Gallery of "Impressive Design Ideas Bracelet Loom Rainbow French Braid Tutorial Idunn Goddess 1 Bands Kit Double Triple"
Hello I am , November 14th, 2018, This is my post about Impressive Design Ideas Bracelet Loom Rainbow French Braid Tutorial Idunn Goddess 1 Bands Kit Double Triple, on this page you can see so beautiful design about Impressive Design Ideas Bracelet Loom Rainbow French Braid Tutorial Idunn Goddess 1 Bands Kit Double Triple, the first picture in this post is the best picture we use about Impressive Design Ideas Bracelet Loom Rainbow French Braid Tutorial Idunn Goddess 1 Bands Kit Double Triple, detail on photo's above, you can see in the second paragraph.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 66.38254
Retrieved Text: How to Make a Loom Band Rosebud Bracelet?
This is a fun project and you will learn how to make a rosebud bracelet using the loom. This bracelet will be 7 inches in length. So, let’s get started!
the leaf, and dark green for the bracelet.
You will need a total of 12 little rosebuds to complete the bracelet. By seeing how to make a few buds, you will be able to do the rest by watching the video.
Take the loom and place it as shown in the video. Take a light green loom band for the leaf, twist and double, and loop it from the 1st right peg to 2nd right peg.
Next for the rosebud; take a pink and red rubber band, put it on the 2nd right peg, cross it over to the 3rd right and twisting it back onto the 2nd right peg.
You will have to do the same for the left side of the loom as shown. You can take two red bands or one pink and one red for the bud.
Now to tie the knot, reach under the 3rd left peg, grab the bottom band with your hook and pull it to the centre. Do the same for the 2nd left peg.
Go to the right side and tie the knot in the same way as described in step 5.
This way you have to do the same for the entire loom for making the 12 little rosebuds.
Put your finger between the 2nd and 3rd left peg (i.e. on the knot), pull the rubber band off

########
Rank: 28
Score: 66.36713
Retrieved Text: We were lucky enough to get the opportunity to try out Rainbow Braids from the lovely people at Paper and Twine. Joe is a mad loomer, along with, it seems, all of his friends at School. So I thought this would be a great rainy day project for us to work on together.
The loom bands and loom arrived 24 hours after my initial contact from Rainbow Braid’s Amazon Shop, this was wonderful, and I must say a huge relief. I had made the mistake of telling Joe the loom bands were on their way. So speedy delivery was a huge plus.
When they arrived I was surprised at how many were in the pack, yes I knew we were expecting 5400 loom bands but I was pleasantly surprised by the variety of colours we received. And at £14.90 or £1.20 per individual packet including delivery they were also great value. We decided to send some bands to Joe’s best friend Fin so he could work with us and make some bands. I also used half the bands to make a loom to the moon loom band for the wonderful Skye and Jesse at Blue Sky thinking.
The colours were nice and vibrant and really appealed to the boys, in fact Joe and I spent quite some time negotiating over our favourite colours. The bands were also supper stretchy and trust me when you are spending 1 hour per night trying to contribute to the worlds longest loom band this makes a difference as they don’t dig in and

########
Rank: 29
Score: 66.1109
Retrieved Text: James de Givenchy trades Golconda diamonds and rare moonstones for colored rubber bands.
"My daughter, Stella, has become an avid fan of making the rubber band bracelets. She recently started selling her bracelets and even some dog collars to family, friends and neighbors to raise money for cancer research. I thought it would be fun for me and Stella to make a bracelet at our workshop for my wife, Gina. We started by looking through her rubber band loom kit she purchased earlier this summer. As I browsed through the various colors, I was flooded with optionsreminding me of the multitude of colors I have to chose from when sketching my jewelry."
"Earlier in the day, Stella had mentioned pink was her favorite color so our combination of pink and purple seemed like a perfect choice. Stella had told me there were a number of patterns to try, but that it would be best to start off with one of the less complicated designs - the fishtail! First Stella showed me how to make the bracelet on the loom machine. Two minutes of weaving and she was almost finished!"
"Under Stella's watchful and critical eyes, I then gave it a try."
"I soon understand what Stella meant about the "hook" tool being my friend and making the process much easier."

================



======= Instance Index 8983 =========
Input Text: If a description of a situation begins like this: [header] How to remove shellac nail polish [title] Apply cuticle oil to your cuticles. [step] Rub cuticle oil into the skin around your nails. Do not wipe away the excess.... Then how
does it continue? 

Ending 1: Simply wipe out the excess oil with a cuticle pusher or cotton swab. Leave the oil to rest for 10 to 15 minutes.

Ending 2: Instead, wipe the oil off with a soft cloth. [substeps] This method is also known as priming.

Ending 3: Use a cotton swab to remove the cuticle oil. [substeps] Try painting your cuticles lightly with the cuticle oil to avoid abrasions to the skin on your nails.

Ending 4: [substeps] Cuticle oil is a product designed to soften and moisturize your cuticles, and it can be found at any major drugstore. Applying it to your cuticles before removing the shellac nail polish will provide your skin with a protective layer against the harsh, drying acetone needed for this process.

Target Text: Ending 4

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 99.20293
Retrieved Text: Cuticle Oil is rated 4.7 out of 5 by 35.
No Lift Cuticle Oil brings together three of Nature’s richest ingredients: Avocado Oil, Almond Oil and Vitamin E. The result is a superb buffing oil that conditions nails and softens skin with a single drop. The unique formula won’t promote lifting.
Apply one drop to nails and cuticles to soften and condition.
Rated 5 out of 5 by Sharon Burkert from Sharon's Nails I find this great for softening the cuticle and moisturizing the nail, makes the manicure easier and a better end result.
Rated 1 out of 5 by Anonymous 19 from The sickening fragrance is overpowering & lingers I bought two of these, because I wanted an avocado based cuticle oil. The oils are ok, though I think it would benefit from some jojoba in the blend. I can't stand the fragrance. It really does smell like Dr. Pepper or cough syrup, and it doesn't dissipate. I put some on last night, and I could still smell it on my fingers and toes this morning. If you like Dr. Pepper, then this may be fine for you. It makes me feel sick to my stomach.
Rated 5 out of 5 by PaulaFC 0415 from Excellent, effective nail treatment Having been using this oil for a year, and my nails have completely revived. Bought a number of bottles for Xmas gifts. This is the best.
Rated 5 out of 5 by Shirley Liu from Best Cuticle Oil I have been using this cuticle oil for many years now and I think

########
Rank: 1
Score: 95.827095
Retrieved Text: Don’t you hate the dry cuticles that come from a gel polish manicure? They’re annoying, ugly, and can seriously hurt. I’m not the only one, right? I never even needed cuticle oil before gel polish (yes, really), but now I use it every day. Technically it isn’t the manicure that dries out the cuticles, it’s the acetone needed to remove the gel polish, but still, I need a rocking cuticle oil to combat that dryness. Through lots of trial and error, I have found a recipe that works really well for me AND I can make it at home!
Clean out your roller bottle or nail polish bottle, if necessary.
Fill the roller bottle or nail polish bottle the rest of way full with fractionated coconut oil.
Put roller cap and lid on roller bottle or screw the brush into the nail polish bottle. Gently shake the contents until everything looks blended well. Apply to cuticles and use fingers to rub the oil in. Be sure to gently shake the contents before each use. For best results, use twice a day.
This cuticle oil lasts several months without going bad, but I do have to gently shake it every time I use it. This is seriously the best cuticle oil! Right now, I’m in the thick of a cold, dry, and gloomy winter, but my cuticles look summer ready.
If my cuticles start to get dry, I just apply this cuticle oil several times throughout the day and they are soon as good as new. I love the roller bottle because

########
Rank: 2
Score: 95.09932
Retrieved Text: We spend so much time on a skin care treatments and products for our face that we often forget that our feet need care and attention too. We should never neglect our feet, whether they are hidden in our boots in winter or on a full display during the summer.
Pedicure is the most effective way to make your feet beautiful and neat. With a home pedicure treatment you’ll make your feet beautiful and with a foot massage you’ll also improve the blood circulation. Getting a professional pedicure is ok, but if you don’t have the time and money for it you can easily make a spa pedicure at home. Spa pedicure at home is an easy and simple procedure and it is practically free, you only need some basic pedicure tools and a nail polish. Here how to make your own spa pedicure at home step by step.
To really enjoy your at home spa pedicure experience you need to be relaxed and calm. Play some relaxing music, light up a scented candle and enjoy your pedicure just like being in an expensive beauty center.
If you have an old nail polish on your toes, remove it by using cotton pads and nail polish remover without acetone. Soak the cotton pads and it rub your nails.
If the nail polish doesn’t come off easily, then soak the cotton pad with nail polish remover, place it on your nail and wait for a few seconds. After few seconds you should be able to easily wipe off the nail polish. If

########
Rank: 3
Score: 93.58051
Retrieved Text: The treatment of making the hands beautiful is manicure and the legs is pedicure. While coming to maintenance of beauty everybody will give importance to the face and the hair. They will think that the skin should be fair, young and pimple and wart free. They are ready to do anything for the hair to be lovely, longer and wavy. The left over are the hands and the legs. Basically the hands and legs are to be taken care equal to the face and the hair. It is not only for beauty, but also for the health. The basic things and step by step procedure for doing manicure at home are shared here.
Manicure set which includes cuticle trimmer, nail buffer, nail trimmer and nail file.
Nail pusher, nail filer, nail cleaner, finger brush are some of the basic things of manicure. The above instruments are required to clean the nails, to remove the dirt’s from the sides of the nails and to cut the excess cuticle. Many people think that manicure is doing treatment up to the wrist.
Before soaking the hands we will apply pack to the hands. To remove the dead cells, dead cell exfoliator i.e., the cream that removes the dead cells can be used. If you don’t have it, just powder the sugar. Apply any one oil like coconut oil, gingerly oil, castor oil, olive oil or almond oil. While there is oil in the hands apply and rub the powdered sugar on that and give circular movements and then wash with cold water.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 91.95304
Retrieved Text: You can tell a lot about a person by their hands. From a simple handshake, you can glean if someone does a lot of manual labor, how much they pay attention to their nail hygiene, and if they like to bite their nails or cuticles (hey, we’re not judging if you do). But let’s face it. No one wants to be known as the guy or gal with bad nail beds, or worse, the person with bleeding, scraggly, or overgrown cuticles.
So if you’re wondering what the best options are for taking care of your hands and nails, or if you’re even asking yourself, “what is a cuticle?” read on for tips, tricks, and products you need to check out.
How Do I Trim and Maintain My Cuticles?
This 4-ounce bottle of ProLinc Cuticle Eliminator helps save time and your nail beds by softening cuticles in seconds. It’s a great value and easy to use for pedicures, manicures, or artificial nails. You can have a professional-grade manicure or pedicure experience at home in no time.
To use the ProLinc Cuticle Eliminator, just apply the solution to the area of the nail bed that has the overgrown cuticle. Let the cuticle remover sit on your nail cuticle for at least 45 seconds. You may need a little more time if the cuticle is particularly thick or overgrown. Once ready, use a cuticle pusher to push back gently and remove the cuticle from the nail plate. After you’re done, make sure to wash your hands thoroughly.
Available in 1-ounce packages, you can’t go

########
Rank: 5
Score: 91.806984
Retrieved Text: I want to go back to the basics of nail care, and although it may be basic knowledge for me I realize it is very valuable and essential information for regular care and maintenance of your nail and cuticle health. It is second nature to me but I often fail to communicate the importance of these products to my clients. Cuticle oil is an important component in all hand and foot treatments at our spa and should also be incorporated into your daily at home maintenance care routine too.
Cuticle oil is an essential product in maintaining your nail and cuticle health. It is a valuable component used by professional Estheticians and Nail Technicians in manicures, pedicures and nail enhancements because it works.
It works by lubricating and penetrating into the layers of nail and cuticle area to deep condition, soften and seal in moisture promoting healthy nail growth. The conditioning effect of the oils allows for greater flexibility and helps to prevent brittle and dry nails.
Regular use of cuticle oil keeps your cuticles moisturized, helps to prevent hangnails. Keep your cuticle oil handy and apply it daily or as often as needed. This is a vital habit to incorporate into your routine weather you are looking to maintain your natural nails, a manicure or pedicure or wanting to help preserve the life span of your nail enhancements.
Regular use of cuticle oil will help to minimize lifting on your nail enhancements and promote healthy nail growth as well.
Taking a few minutes in your day to massage cuticle oil

########
Rank: 6
Score: 90.50386
Retrieved Text: At Sienna Byron Bay, we are committed to our goal of being the number one brand for non-toxic nail polish. We are ‘7 free’ meaning our polishes don’t contain formaldehyde, toluene, DBP, synthetic camphor, formaldehyde resin, xylene and tosylamide. Our nail polishes are also free of Benzophenone-1. ‘7 Free’ is our way of showing our commitment to keeping our products clean.
Our polishes are hard-wearing, designed to take you from the boardroom to the beach, from the kitchen to the keyboard, and from the playground to the performance. We like tough (but pretty!) so why compromise when you can keep it clean also.
We also love to experiment with our fun range of colours, so from time to time, we need to prime our nails and get them ready for a colour change. When taking the holistic approach, eco friendly nail care is much more than just applying a vegan nail polish so we thought we’d share our tips on eco friendly nail care to help you keep your fashionable fingers in tip-top condition.
Eco friendly nail care in your own home.
2. Be your own Nail Tech and look after your nails in between polishes.
Rub your nails daily with a rich emollient. Nut (almond) oil, olive oil, and coconut oil smell sweet and help repair and strengthen hard-working nails. An indulgent natural hand-massage is therapeutic to the soul too. Give a hand-massage to yourself today, or better yet, find a friend and nurture each other’s beautiful soul.
While most professional manicurists and those who apply polish at home tend to

########
Rank: 7
Score: 89.59643
Retrieved Text: I always get ask how I look after my cuticles. well, my nail art trick is very simple! I just love them and look after them. I have my routine before and after every nail art design I create.
I remove my old nail polish. I always use non-acetone nail polish remove. I am a big fan of manicare acetone free nail polish remover. It's super gentle on my nails and cleans very well specially when I use my Mitty nail art brushes.
I then shape, smooth, buff and shine my nails with my multi-purpose nail file.
After, I use Simply Bliss Hydrant Oil around my cuticles followed by Sukin natural nail & hand cream. I love these products because they are both made from natural ingredients which is super important to me. I don't like using products that I can't pronounce what they are made of! And because they are natural, they work very well. I never have dry hands or cuticles.
I apply oil around your nails and rub it in. I then use my Sukin natural hand cream to keep my hand soft. Using my bamboo cuticle stick, I gently push my cuticles back. Never cut them!
Lastly, I put on my MaxFactor base coat.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 89.28623
Retrieved Text: MAVALA’s CUTICLE CREAM maintains cuticles’ suppleness. Softens the skin around the nail enabling it to be rolled gently back. Provides a well-groomed contour to the nails. Does not spoil the manicure.
Apply to the nail contour. Massage cuticles with a firm rotating motion towards the heart and allow it to penetrate. Best when used daily, at bedtime, to allow the product to act during the night.
Remove traces of CUTICLE CREAM on nails before continuing with manicure, to allow base coat and nail polish to adhere.Once a week or when doing your manicure, push back cuticles after applying CUTICLE REMOVER, with the small MANICURE STICK wrapped in cotton wool.
Note : Same properties as CUTICLE OIL.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 88.35746
Retrieved Text: Every woman loves having a manicure and pedicure – it’s one of those beauty treatments that leaves you feeling groomed and great. It can be expensive though, so how can you do your own salon style job at home without it costing a fortune?
Make sure your nails are squeaky clean on both hands and feet. Take off any old nail polish using acetone-free nail-polish remover and a cotton pad. Acetone free polish remover is kinder to your nails, doesn’t dry them out, and some brands also have conditioning agents in for extra manicure and pedicure TLC.
Let your nails dry, and then file them carefully. Don’t use an over abrasive or a metal nail file, as these can encourage your nails to peel and split. Opt for a fine grade emery board or a professional style board that can be picked up cheaply from most high street chemists. Another beauty treatment tip is to always try and file nails in one direction – sawing backwards and forwards on the nail can damage it.
The next step is to soften your nails and cuticles in a bowl of warm water. You can also mix in some cuticle oil for extra pampering. After about ten minutes, dry your hands and nails and apply some cuticle cream or hand/foot lotion. Gently ease the cuticles back by making tiny circles against them with a thin wooden cuticle stick.
When the cream has soaked in, gently rub the cuticles with a warm, damp flannel, using a motion to help slough away dead cuticle skin.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 88.30045
Retrieved Text: While every woman will always appreciate well-manicured, perfect nails on others, most have a love/hate relationship with their own. Beautifully shaped and polished nails can not only give a massive boost to your level of confidence, they also give you a reason to smile through the day by making you feel classier and more put-together. However, a manicure at the salon can often be too expensive to afford every other week, which is why it is important to know how to care for your nails at home.
Here is the good news: Having perfect nails is simpler than it looks! All you really need is the right products, knowing the right (though thankfully simple!) technique to use the products, and about 30 minutes of your time. Sporting perfectly groomed nails has never been easier!
– Before you can start preparing your nails for a perfect manicure, you need to remove old, chipped polish. Make sure you invest in a good quality nail polish remover, as a cheaper quality product can leave your nails dry and brittle. Simply use a ball of cotton, dip in some remover and wipe off the old polish. In case you have a darker shade on, you might have to work extra hard and repeat the process 2-3 times till all the old color comes off. A tip to make the job easier – cover nails with the remover dipped cotton ball and leave for a couple of seconds, and you will find the old polish comes off with just a single swipe.
– Now

########
Rank: 11
Score: 87.77141
Retrieved Text: To ensure the best results, start with clean, dry fingernails.
Do not use any hand creams, lotions, or sunscreen on the day of application.
Use the buffer or nail file to gently "rough" up the surface of your nails, removing all shine from the surface.
Surface oil on nails will keep the product from adhering properly.
Some women produce more oil in their nails than others, please make sure to prepare the surface of your nails as instructed.
Push back cuticles with the included cuticle stick.
Dust off the nails with a dry, lint free wipe (such has Kleenex Tissue).
Gently shake the polish to distribute contents evenly in bottles.
We suggest that you always start with your thumb, completing each coat before moving on to the rest of the hand. This will keep polish from pooling at the cuticle of your thumbs.
Step 1. Start with clean, dry nails. Apply a thin coat of Savvy Girl Gel Nail Polish Base Coat. Make sure to seal the edge of each nail with the Base Coat to keep moisture from penetrating under the finished polish.
Note: Remove any excess polish from the cuticle or skin with the cuticle stick or nail art brush. This is a very important step to keep moisture from penetrating under the finished polish. With our polish less is more. Wipe excess polish from brush into bottle before applying product to your nails. Cure Base Coat under the LED light for 30 seconds.
Step 2. Apply a thin coat of Savvy Girl Gel Nail Polish Color. Make sure to seal the edge of each

########
Rank: 12
Score: 87.7433
Retrieved Text: This four-piece cuticle set with professional step-by-step guide on the proper treatment and care of nail cuticles.
Treat your nails to this sets powerful exfoliating and hydrating benefits, which work together to prevent spitting and peeling of cuticles. The Cuticle Remover exfoliates, gently loosening and softening the dead or dry cuticles without having to soak hands in water. The Cuticle Oil moisturizes and soothes dry cuticles and nails to help prevent splitting and peeling of cuticles while caring for brittle nails. The Cure, an ultra-nourishing cuticle repair cream, is packed with patented raspberry stem cell extract, red algae, shea butter, sodium hyaluronate, and vitamins A, C, and E, to instantly nourish, repair, and relieve dry cuticles.
This set also features The Pusher, a professional-grade, stainless steel dual-ended tool that pushes and shapes the most stubborn cuticles without damaging the delicate nail plates.
Prevents splitting and peeling of cuticles.
Apply Cuticle Remover liberally where the skin meets the nails and use a cuticle pusher to push the skin back. Follow with Cuticle Oil.
Apply Cuticle Oil, use this highly emollient cuticle oil on extremely dry heels and elbows, or anywhere you have seriously dry skin. Before first application, soften bristles by rolling the brush between thumb and forefinger.
Massage a small amount of the Cure Ultra Nourishing Cuticle Repair Cream onto each nail and the surrounding cuticle area.
Apply frequently throughout the day to maintain softness and prevent dryness.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 87.669464
Retrieved Text: Cuticles or 'eponychia' refer to the small folds of skin, which usually appears thickened, at the base of the nails. Cuticles are so designed to protect the area between the skin and the nail from any possible infection. While some hardly notice their cuticles, those with dry skin commonly suffer from small tears in the cuticles known as hangnails. Infection can result if the cuticle is damaged.
When the cuticles in the nail become dry, deprived of moisture, they begin to peel. When cuticles are damaged, they become susceptible to infection, both fungal and bacterial, which manifest as peeling of the cuticle.
A peeling cuticle can be treated with a moisturizer or cream if it does not exhibit any swelling, redness or pain. Fungal creams applied to the cuticle area for five to seven days can also help. In some cases, infection of the cuticles can be quite serious, particularly if the patient has diabetes or any other underlying immune problem.
Probably the best way to prevent cuticle peeling is to avoid cutting cuticles with scissors. It is essential to use sterilized instruments. Instead use a clean orange stick to gently push back the cuticles. Moisturizing with cuticle cream is the next step. Whenever hands are exposed to water, apply a rich hand cream and use a pair of gloves to protect your hands. Hot water has a tendency to dry the cuticles and cause irritation and worsen the problem. Thus, with some preventive care, peeling cuticles can be a thing of the past.
Give your hands a soak in

########
Rank: 14
Score: 87.58164
Retrieved Text: 86 beauty companies gathered to show their wares at the PHAMExpo beauty show in Pasadena this past weekend. PHAME stands for Professional Hair and Makeup Exposition and is decidedly different than any of the other beauty trade show because it featured emerging and entertainment industry artists with fresh ideas. For those of us in the industry (me at 30 years) that want to see what is actually new, this was the show to attend.
STEP 1: Wash nails or toes and make sure all nail polish from the last manicure or pedicure is off. Use nubar’s Non-Acetone Cucumber Nail Polish Remover if you still have on polish.
STEP 2: File nails using a 180/220 grit nubar Nail File. This helps shape and prepare the nail for the polish.
STEP 3: Next, use nubar Cucumber Cuticle Oil or Bioplex Cuticle Cream around the cuticle area to hydrate the cuticle.
STEP 4: Gently push the cuticles back with nubar Cuticle Pusher. Be sure to wipe off the excess oil or cream off the nails with nubar Cucumber Non-Acetone Nail Polish Remover.
STEP 5: For Women: Use nubar foundation base coat to prep the nails for polish on the nail tips. After the base coat has dried, apply the nail polish on the nail tips.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 87.32784
Retrieved Text: Can nails breathe under Shellac or Gelish or OPI Axxium or OPI Gelcolor? Is there a way to keep nails healthy under the polish or gel? Is a break between soak-off or no-chip manicures necessary? Here are the answers to your questions.
One of the questions I get most about UV gel manicures such as Shellac, Gelish, OPI GelColor and so on, is about whether the nail can "breathe" under the lacquer. Others include Is there a way to keep the nails healthy? and Is it a good idea to take a break between soak-off manicures? So... here&apos;s how to keep nails healthy under uv gel manicures.
Can nails breathe under soak-off manicures? Nails don&apos;t breathe the way skin does. They are a bit porous, however – we&apos;ll come back to that.
Remember that nails continue to grow. Within days you&apos;ll see that sliver of bare nail at the base; it&apos;s quite significant after two or three weeks.
Is there a way to keep nails healthy under the under the polish? Healthy nails are linked to healthy cuticles. This is where nail porosity comes in. Think of the cuticle as a conditioning drop zone: a drop of oil there benefits more than just the skin around the nail.
"Use cuticle oil daily -- it penetrates the nail plate. As the nails grow, they become more flexible and resilient," says Leeanne Colley, whose busy Toronto salon, Tips Nail Bar, has a huge number of fiercely loyal soak-off manicure clients. "It helps peely nails, too," she adds.
Best to apply cuticle oil immediately after

########
Rank: 16
Score: 86.02861
Retrieved Text: You should know about Colores semipermanentes or semi-permanent polish, which is carried out by nail specialists. This is completely new but it already gained fame because it is durable, long wearing and natural looking. The process will start with the application of a specific type of enamel with gel polishes, which will give you the best results.
When this gel is applied on the nail, it will require a UV lamp or LED to dry the nails immediately. This process will increase the polish’s durability for up to 21 days without affecting or damaging the overall nail. With this, you do not need to come to the salon every week.
If you want to save money, you can handle nail polish but you have to do it the right way. Before you apply a basecoat, it is important that you use a cotton swab to wipe the nails with vinegar. This will effectively remove the buildup of natural oils and other products on your nailbeds.
There are some manicurists that soak the nails to soften the cuticles. When you do the same, the nails will retain water and it will expand. After painting, they will shrink. This means that your polish will no longer fit the nails. To soften the cuticle, you should consider cuticle oil instead of soaking it in water.
The polish should only be on your nail’s surface – not including the cuticles. If you get any polish on your cuticles, it will lift the paint from your nail, which will eventually lead to chipping. It is

########
Rank: 17
Score: 85.9832
Retrieved Text: The award winning CND Solar Oil is described as a "Miracle in a Bottle".
Solar Oil has incredible benefits and is essential in the maintenance of your manicure or pedicure.
It deeply penetrates through Shellac and Gelish to your natural nail plate keeping your surrounding skin and nails protected and moisturised.
Solar Oil is is made from a blend of Vitamin E, Jojoba, Rice Bran and Almond Oils. Vitamin E is a powerful antioxidant with healing properties that fight against free radicals (organic molecules responsible for aging and tissue damage). Rice Bran Oil, Jojoba Oil and Sweet Almond Oil have moisturising properties that deeply condition your nails and cuticles.
If applied twice a day, Solar Oil will nourish peeling, bitten or brittle nails and transform them into longer, stronger and healthier nails with the added benefit of ensuring longevity of your Gelish manicure or pedicure. Repeated use of Solar Oil will drive the oils deeper into the natural nail, keeping the nail flexible which helps prevent breakages. Simply put a drop onto cuticles twice a day and rub in. Nails need to keep moisturised and nourished, as you would any treatment be it hair, skin or nails. Cuticle oil works as conditioner would on your hair. It works as a system with Gelish. If you stop using the oil for a day or two the nail quickly becomes dehydrated and the gel polish application can start to breakdown.
Solar Oil is available to purchase in two sizes at The Retreat Calne.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 85.21065
Retrieved Text: Offering a few manicures and several different pedicure services.
Call Ryan for "the different nail salon" experience.
Ryan is an independent contractor from Cala Deia spa.
light lotion. 15 min $ 10. Add-on Vinylux polish of your choice $5.
Manicure Includes: remove polish, trim & shape nails, oil cuticles, hand/arm massage, Cuticle Away applied, push cuticles, clean under nails, trim cuticles if desired. 30 min $ 15. (fizzy water soak-optional) Add-on Vinylux polish of your choice $5.
UV / LED polish product called SHELLAC is designed to last 14 days. Apply this to your natural nails, over top of acrylics or fiberglass nails and as a toe nail polish. Shellac is a UV technology infused nail polish. It has a High-gloss shine. Shellac can even be polished with regular polish and removed without any damage to the Shellac polish..... Amazing~!!
Remove Shellac The removal price is free if you Re-Shellac your nails, otherwise there is standard charge. 15 min $15.
Nail design/ French polish are complimentary with nail services.
Dip Powder polish by Cuccio - Gel Resin and Colored acrylic powder. Paint on like polish, dip nails or pour powder to coat nails.
No damage to natural nails. Lightweight and no strong odors.
Tips can be added for length.
Fiberglass Full Set 60 min $ 30.
Fiberglass Balance 60 min $ 25.
Foot Massage Water soak, sugar scrub and foot/leg massage 30 min. $25.
NEW- Chocolate covered Strawberry pedicure $65.
Pumpkin & Chocolate Swirl pedicure $65.
Sugar Plum & Vanilla pedicure $65.
White Chocolate Peppermint Bark pedicure $65.
These pedicures include: water soak, remove polish, trim & shape nails, callus reducing solution applied, buffing

########
Rank: 19
Score: 83.70971
Retrieved Text: It is the end of the summer in the northern hemisphere and sadly, it will soon be time to put those feet into socks and even boots. But before you do, give your feet a home treatment to undo the hard wear of the past summer so they are in the best possible condition for their time of hibernation.
Remove old nail polish – use polish remover on a ball of cotton wool.
Soak your feet – make sure to soak your feet for 10 minutes or more in a bowl of warm water with some Epson salts added to loosen any calluses and dry skin. Add a few drops of lavender essential oils for an extra special soaking. Relax and read a book while your feet soak.
Get rid of hard skin – buff your feet with a pumice stone, a callus stone or biodegradable pumice pad, paying special attention to those places on the heels, the sides of the feet and toes which can be especially rough and hard. Keep dipping your feet into the same bowl of warm water to rinse off the dry skin. Rub in any direction but don’t scrub too hard and never rub the top of your foot.
Second soaking – first dry off your feet after getting rid of the skin before leaving them to soak for another 5 minutes or more in a bowl of fresh warm water to soften up those rougher areas of the feet. You can add a few drops of tea tree oil to the final soak

########
Rank: 20
Score: 83.66171
Retrieved Text: Make Your Manicure Last Longer!
One of the secrets to getting your manicure to last longer is to remove the cuticle from your nail plate.
The tight band of skin at the base of your nail plate is NOT the cuticle. That band of skin is called the “proximal fold of the eponychium” or “nail fold."
The cuticle is actually the thin layer of skin that sticks to your nail plate and pulls away from your nail fold.
When you remove the cuticle from your nail plate, your nail polish will be better able to bond to your nail.
Base coat was developed to bond to your nail plate, not to skin. This means, when you remove the dead cuticle skin from your nail, your nail polish will be able to bond directly to your nail. And that's GOOD!
It is extremely dangerous to cut proximal folds (cuticles) because they protect the nail matrix where nail cells are created.
Cuticle cutting, removing dead or live skin with a drill is also very dangerous.
AVOID from Dry Manicures/Russian Manicures.
The dead cuticle skin needs to be removed with the correct tools.
And that's EXACTLY what you'll get in the Cuticle Care Combo Kit!
You get a Lifetime Guarantee on your 100% Stainless Steel Double-Spoon Cuticle Pusher. The different sized dual spoons on either end of the Cuticle Pusher fits all nail sizes to make it easier for you to gently remove your cuticle.
Protect your live skin from the Cuticle Cream. The ingredients in Simply Gone™ (and all cuticle creams) dissolves the dead cuticle skin on your nail plate...

########
Rank: 21
Score: 83.61038
Retrieved Text: MAVACADEMY > BEAUTY ADVICE > NAIL PROBLEMS > OVERGROWN CUTICLES?
Overgrown cuticles detract from the neat outline of the nail, and can split to form annoying hangnails. Excessive growth of the cuticle can be systematic, but it is more frequently caused by a lack of attention to regular moisturizing and removal of excess tissue.
Once or twice a week, after removing your nail polish and shaping nails, gently massage a small quantity of Lightening Scrub Mask on bare wet nails and cuticles (for 10-20 seconds each finger). Rinse off with lukewarm water, using the MAVALA nail brush. Dry well with a towel. Follow with MAVALA Cuticle Remover to clean away dead skin and form a perfect nail contour, while rolling back cuticles.
Apply Cuticle Cream or Cuticle Oil every day to keep tissue supple and elastic. Never trim tissue away with cuticle scissors, as this could thicken the skin.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 82.82892
Retrieved Text: Start your perfect essie® gel manicure right with the essie® Gel Base Coat.
Shape and clean the nails and gently push back the cuticles. Using essie® Prep + Finish Nail Cleanser with a lint free pad, completely remove nail dust and oil. Make sure to clean under the nail and around the cuticle as well.
Apply one thin, even coat of essie® Gel Base Coat. Cap and seal the free edge and cure the nails using the essie® LED Lamp.
Apply one thin,even coat of essie® Gel Color. Cap and seal the free edge and cure the nails for 30 seconds. Apply a second coat, following the same steps.
Apply one thin coat of the essie® Gel Top Coat. Cap and seal the free edge and cure for 60 seconds.
To remove gel residue, saturate a lint-free pad in essie® Prep + Finish Nail Cleanser and wipe down nail. Hydrate skin around nail with essie® Apricot Cuticle Oil.
Polish must be cured with essie® LED Lamp.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 82.07874
Retrieved Text: This conditioning cuticle oil hydrates brittle and damaged cuticles to promote healthy nail growth.
Cuticle Sooth is botanically infused to revitalize dry, crack and sore cuticles and nails.
Lightly almond scented, use around the cuticles making them soft and pliable.
Cuticle Soothe makes cuticle care a breeze!
Apply one drop to cuticles in the morning, at bedtime or immediately after manicure or pedicure.
For beast results, gently massage oil into cuticles for faster nail growth.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 82.062355
Retrieved Text: Buffing will be perfect for bumpy and cloudy looking nails. Especially for those who don’t apply nail polish, just having buffed nails will make your hands look super neat.
Cuticle Oil – only if you’re not going to apply nail polish after buffing.
First, use the roughest part of the buffer (Part A). Buff the surface of the nail gently, moving the buffer from the base of the nail towards the free edge.
You can remove the burr edge (created from filing) by buffing the end of the free edge. What’s a burr edge?
Using the smoothest part of the buffer (Part C), repeat step 2 and 3 until the nail becomes shiny.
Once you have buffed all nails, remove dust with a damp gauze.
If you are NOT going to apply nail polish, apply Cuticle Oil onto the cuticle line and massage into the skin and nails. This will help nourishing the skin.
Do not buff from side to side, as it will create heat and make the nails dry. Dryness can cause splitting and peeling of the nail.
Do not push the buffer down too hard, as it may damage the matrix and affect future nail growth.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 82.012184
Retrieved Text: Do you envy seeing beautiful models flaunting their elegant hands in front of camera? You think of heading towards a salon to get a professional manicure. Then you realize that the cost of salon manicures can really add up over the course of a year! On top of that you might not have enough time to make regular trips to a salon. So, what to do?
Here are the right steps and techniques to definitely give yourself a beautiful, salon-like manicure. Knowing how to do it yourself in home manicure can save you a lot of time and money!
We have a solution. Here is a step-by-step guide for ladies like you who want to do a solon-quality hand manicure sitting right in their home. Excited? Read on for our the essential steps to do a DIY manicure at home— that too for a fraction of the cost!
1. Remove Any Previously Applied Nail Polish: To use acetone or not? When you are at a drugstore and mulling over which type of polish remover to buy, remember this: Non-acetone nail polish removers are gentler as compared to acetone-based ones. But the acetone-based remover works much faster, so will be in contact with the skin for a shorter period of time than the non-acetone based removers. It’s a trade-off because even the gentler non-acetone based polish removers are not kind to skin.
2. Shape Nails: Clip your nails, if necessary. Then if needed, gently file them into a shape as you desire. A slightly rounded nail shape or square-rounded edge are

########
Rank: 26
Score: 82.008965
Retrieved Text: New products always get us excited and today we are super pumped to launch our very own Soy Nail Polish Remover! Read more to find out what it does and why you’re going to love it!
Meet the newest addition to our Nail Care line – Soy Nail Polish Remover! Like all of our products it is vegan and cruelty-free, and it is filled with all kinds of wonderful things that benefit your nails and skin.
Aside from all of these obvious benefits, one of the greatest aspects about our Soy Nail Polish Remover is it removes polish with ease while leaving your fingers well-nourished! Acetone-based removers tend to dry out our cuticles and nail beds but our Soy Remover won’t do that – thanks to the vitamins and coconut essential oil it is infused with, you will find you’re left with perfectly moisturized finger tips.
Saturate cotton ball or pad with nail polish remover.
Wipe all nails first and allow to absorb in the nail for at least 20-30 seconds.
Make sure nail bed is dry and clean before applying polish.
Our Soy Nail Polish Remover will need some working into the nail to fully remove your polish – especially ones with heavy glitter. Just be patient, your nails and cuticles will be thanking you afterward!
Other products in our Nail Care line include our Cuticle Oil & Crystal Nail File! The best way to keep your cuticles healthy is to moisturize them regularly and with our Cuticle Oil, a little goes a long way! Filing your nails is also important to

########
Rank: 27
Score: 81.68372
Retrieved Text: Your hands can show the ageing process quicker than other parts of the body as they are exposed to the elements on a daily basis, look after them and keep them soft, nourished and looking great with regular treatments.
A reshape service is offered to enhance your nails by tidying the length and shape.
We'll cut/file your nails and apply a colour of your choice in either OPI or Vinylux.
You can upgrade to Shellac gel polish so they are dry when you leave the salon. Just ask in salon for details.
Upgrade to Shellac Gel polish so your nails are instantly dry!
Your feet undergo heavy pounding daily and can feel tired and sore at the end of a busy day. Look after them regularly by applying soothing foot cream and have a pedicure as often as possible.
Please bring flip flops with you!
A reshape service to enhance your toe nails by tidying the length and shape.
We'll cut/file your nails apply a colour of your choice in either OPI or Vinylux. Upgrade to Shellac gel polish (extra cost) so your nails are instantly dry when you leave.
A revitalising service which includes a foot bath, file or cut the toe nails, foot file to remove hard skin, cuticle work, lower leg and foot massage finished with polish in a colour of your choice.
An invigorating, moisturising service which includes all of the regular pedicure service and incorporates an exfoliator, nourishing mask and thermal boots followed by a leg & foot massage and finished with polish in a colour of your choice.
Ultimate luxury pedicure

########
Rank: 28
Score: 81.36997
Retrieved Text: Nails are a major focal point of the beauty industry, so having a healthy set of nails is essential now more than ever. Since the seasonal shift, and decline in temperature, exposing yourself to harsher weather conditions takes its toll, especially on your hands. Winter is the perfect time to adopt new nail care methods to give your nails a boost from the inside out.
I get asked if my nails are natural A LOT. It’s taken some serious commitment to my nail care routine, but growing nails is a process! Remember that it takes time, and can be a real challenge. It will probably take about three weeks to see results, but if you just dedicate a few minutes to taking care of your nails every day, you’ll start to see a difference.
This is the easiest way to be on your way to healthier hands, fingers and nails! I always carry hand lotion and some sort of cuticle balm in my purse. Some companies also make to-go cuticle oil pens, which work just as well, it all depends on your personal preference. I also tell my clients to put cuticle oil on every night. That gives it time to absorb and it’s less likely to rub off. It also helps to massage it into your cuticles to increase the circulation and stimulates the nail matrix (where the nail grows). CND Solar Oil is my favorite, and we use it at the salon I work at. It keeps my nails and cuticles healthy and it smells intoxicatingly

########
Rank: 29
Score: 81.14647
Retrieved Text: I’ve run out of my favourite hand cream. It was a tragedy because I’ve been around the block and come to the conclusion that most if not all hand cream is just too greasy for me, despite every claim of being non greasy or oily. Before I ran out to buy a new one however, I remembered that I had one from Biotherm.
The other thing that I thought I’d tell you about is the Melvita Argan Oil Roll on Cuticle treatment. Yes, a roll on. Have you tried either one before?
I started out with the Biotherm Biomains hand cream on a wrong foot. Or maybe, wrong hand hehe… I usually slather on body oil before bed, followed by hand cream. Its only something I’ve been doing recently in a valiant effort to keep visible skin-ageing at bay. You did know that hands show signs of age more significantly than your face right? So it does pay to take care of your hands.
Anyway, when I use the Clarins hand treatment, it seems to blend well with whatever remaining oil on my hands and in a very short time, I can handle my bedtime reading without leaving oily prints all over. So, I thought the Biotherm one would too. It doesn’t, and left me feeling a bit nonplussed. So, I said on Instagram that I didn’t like it very much.
I’ll revise my view now. It is a pretty good hand cream in that its not oily or greasy or sticky once its set if you use it on

================



======= Instance Index 7195 =========
Input Text: If a description of a situation begins like this: [header] How to wear a leather jacket [title] Wear a bomber jacket for warmth. [step] Bomber leather jackets are waist-length with a soft lining. They tend to be the warmest variety of leather jacket.... Then how
does it continue? 

Ending 1: The fleece layer of the jacket covers most of the alghts, allowing you to warm the jacket in the winter and colder in the summer. [substeps] Single-breasted bomber jackets are also the most common style in many colder climates, so feel free to experiment with your style.

Ending 2: That being said, they are even best when you're not playing the sport. These leather jackets are generally better to wear when you're playing hockey or soccer or definitely when you're exercising.

Ending 3: Before going outside, wear a bomber jacket for extra warmth. For colder days in the fall, wear a bomber jacket for companionship and warmth.

Ending 4: If you're wearing a leather jacket for a winter look, go for a bomber jacket. [substeps] Bomber jackets are also more casual, so they can work great for a casual winter look.

Target Text: Ending 4

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 99.11441
Retrieved Text: 287 Items, Find men's t-shirts, men's jackets, men's cargo pants, flannel shirts for men, polos and men's hoodies., Men's Rugged Waterproof Bomber Jacket, Men's Signal Mountain Lightweight Jacket. Bright Blue. Black. Maritime Blue Print.
Shop men's coats & jackets at TJMaxx.com. Discover a stylish selection of the latest brand name and, men coats & jackets. size, Souvenir Bomber Jacket.
Stay warm when the weather gets rough with Nautica outerwear for men. Shop our, Banded Collar Faux Leather Jacket - True Black, Classic Bomber Jacket.
Men´s Coats & Jackets at Massimo Dutti online. Enter now and, BOMBER-STYLE NAPPA LEATHER JACKET. ILS1,495.00, BLACK NAPPA/DOWN JACKET.
Shop Men's Bomber Jackets & Flight Jackets at Canada Goose. Wear the iconic style of bush pilots in the Canadian Arctic., MacMillan Parka Black Label.
The first leather jacket from the Officine Alfieri Maserati collection is an exclusive garment, made from black 100% real leather with a waterproof treatment.
Vans Men's Jackets offer warmth without compromising style. Shop popular Men's Jacket styles including Hooded Jackets, Bomber Jackets and Vests.
Discover the large collection of Ferrari men's coats and jackets available, Men's padded leather bomber jacket, Paddock collection men's bomber jacket.
Results 1 - 12 of 12, Kenneth Cole Reaction Mens Black Faux Leather Bomber Jacket XL, Vintage militaria IDF Israeli army green officers jacket fur collar 1997.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 93.92255
Retrieved Text: This Dark Brown Leather Bomber Jacket Men has 1004 x 1240 pixel resolution with jpeg format. Vintage Leather Bomber Jacket, Mens Bomber Jacket, Brown Leather Bomber Jacket Womens, Mens Leather Jackets, Ll Bean Mens Leather Bomber Jackets, Mens Bomber Jacket With Fur Collar, Leather Bomber Jacket Amazon, Leather Bomber Jacket Ebay, Brown Leather Bomber Jacket Womens, Ll Bean Mens Leather Bomber Jackets, Leather Bomber Jacket Amazon was related topic with this Dark Brown Leather Bomber Jacket Men. You can download the Dark Brown Leather Bomber Jacket Men picture by right click your mouse and save from your browser.
The graphicpit Navy G-1 Antique Lamb Leather Jacket (Dark Brown) by graphicpit USA Z201035M-BROWN - Since 1938 the type G-1 flight jacket has been regulation issue gear to pilots of the United States Navy. - leather bomber jacket coat Avirex g1 U.S. - Pilot Supplies at a Pilot ShopThe graphicpit Antique Lambskin A-2 Leather Jacket (Dark Brown) by graphicpit USA Z2567 - The Type A-2 leather flight jacket is one of the most clgraphicic and immediately recognizable articles of military clothing ever designed. - leather bomber jacket coat a2 avirex - Pilot Supplies at a Pilot ShopWelcome to H&M. Select your region to enter our site.
Shop online for men and womens 100% genuine leather shoes jackets bags and Accessories at the best prices. Browse through our range of custom made leather products to select your style from the best online shopping destination - Voganow.comWhen graphicembling outfits even some otherwise style-savvy men can be unclear on the guidelines for wearing

########
Rank: 2
Score: 91.47116
Retrieved Text: Jacket is indispensable element of basic wardrobe of modern man. Trendy jackets are not only comfy in everyday wear but also allow creating stylish and individual image. What styles and trends for mens winter jackets 2019 are proposed by fashion designers?
Want to know what styles of men’s jackets will be trendy in 2019? Avant-garde style mens jackets 2019 are offered for creative youth. Men’s leather jackets are appropriate for lovers of brutality.
Strict models of mens winter jackets 2019 are appropriate options for business people and followers of classics.
Fashion designers offer businessmen to choose elegant jackets for 2019. You can see double-breasted and single-breasted models of mens winter jackets 2019 on the fashion catwalks for 2019.
Printed winter jackets for men are also considered trendy in 2019. Mens winter jackets made from smooth wool and velvet jackets for men are bold options for fashion look in 2019.
Fashion designers offer classic laconic single-breasted jackets for men’s business wardrobe 2019.
Oversized style jackets aren’t fashionable in 2019. You should pay attention to narrowed silhouette mens jackets in 2019.
Mens jackets should emphasize athletic character of body in 2019. Slim fit mens jackets are real trend in 2019 mens fashion. Fashion brands, such as Corneliani and Berluti offer mens winter jackets 2019 with pronounced waist, narrow hips and strong shoulders.
Mens jackets with reflective coating and shimmering effect are impeccable trend in mens fashion 2019. Fashion brands, such as Burberry and Formal Friday offer marvelous options for mens winter jackets 2019 with shimmering and reflective effect.
In Formal Friday’s mens winter jackets 2019 fashion collections

########
Rank: 3
Score: 91.29263
Retrieved Text: Sep 20, 2017 ... Like many classic men's garments, bomber and flight jackets were originally created as highly functional work wear for members of the military.
That's what Buck Mason no doubt had in mind when it launched its Leather Bomber Jacket, just the latest in a long line of dialed-in, classic style essentials.
314 items ... Moncler jackets feature high-tech materials and a subtle palette with flourishes of striking color. ... Add some variety to your wardrobe with their collection of bomber jackets. ... Austria; Belgium; Cyprus; France; Germany; Greece; Italy; Lithuania; Luxembourg; Netherlands; Poland; Portugal ... classic sleeveless gilet.
May 2, 2017 ... The Marloes model is a modern take on the classic bomber jacket. Without the elastic hem, it's versatile and takes on a tailored look.
Shop bomber jackets online at Zalando.co.uk Free Delivery & Returns ... Urban Classics - LADIES 3 TONE TRACK JACKET - Bomber Jacket - firered/navy/.
Jackets from Gap are trendy and look fantastic. ... Color Linen Bomber Jacket. 89.95. $ ..... The classic look of jackets from Gap will please everyone in the family.
Discover bomber jackets for men at ASOS. Shop our flight jackets, varsity jackets & aviator jacket styles.
Welcome to Eastman Leather Clothing. We Specialise in making extremely authentic, high quality reproductions of WWII vintage flight jackets and accessories.
Cockpit USA x Kinfolk Blue Sheepskin Bomber Jacket Details ... Classic Naval Aviator's Flight Jacket front Details ... Vintage French F1 Field Jacket Details.
Alpha Industries offers the best bomber jackets. Leather, nasa, black, army, olive, pink, white, blue & green bomber jackets back in

########
Rank: 4
Score: 89.60191
Retrieved Text: Every man needs a leather jacket. The question to ask is: what’s the right leather jacket style for your wardrobe?
For as long as Hidepark Leather has existed, we have immersed ourselves in everything leather jackets. We know all the different jacket types and styles and it’s our passion to show men around the country the different options available to them.
That’s why we created this guide to the men’s leather jackets we sell. It’s your whistle-stop tour through the most popular jackets of the day and what kind of wardrobe they’re suited to. It’s the perfect opportunity to discover a hidden gem that you might never have considered otherwise.
The modern descendants of WWII pilot jackets, leather bomber jackets are easy to wear with most casual outfits. The combine well with jeans to give a relaxed, laid-back look, which can be finished off with either a plain t-shirt or a smart-casual shirt. Of all these types of jackets, bombers are perhaps the most versatile.
Several of our most popular men’s leather jackets are bomber jackets. The Matt bomber jacket is simple in design, but this gives it almost endless versatility.
It has adjustment tabs on the waistband, two zip chest pockets and attractive panel detail on the shoulders. We recommend matching it with a pair of simple, smart-looking jeans and a plain, neutral t-shirt underneath.
A different option is the Mac jacket. Instead of chest pockets, the Mac has large, zipped side pockets and two inside pockets. It has more extensive stitch detailing than the Matt, a buckle-fasten collar, and fashionable

########
Rank: 5
Score: 88.32719
Retrieved Text: Mason & Cooper B3 Leather Jacket with Zip Out hood. 295.00 350.00. Mauritius Biko Moto Leather Jacket. sale. Mauritius Biko Moto Leather Jacket.
18 Items, Its label Gipsy by Mauritius gained high reputation in Germany and throughout Europe., Gipsy Mens Leather Jacket Bomber Aviator Jacke.
Save. Glossy Curve Jacket. Rains, Majorelle x Koralie Jacket, Savona Aviator Jacket. Canada Goose. Savona Aviator Jacke, Gulliver Prison Bomber Jacket.
Mauritius Ladies 'Ocean Blue' Washed Lambskin Biker Jacket On sale. MAURITIUS, Winter Fur Women's Burgundy Bomber Rabbit Fur Coat On sale. Winter Fur, QUICK VIEW. G-Gator 1033 White Python and Lamb Skin Biker Jacket.
... durability with superior warmth. Get into the All-Weather Jacket, the perfect extra layer that takes you from season to season., Hooded Varsity Bomber Jacket.
Kashani LUX White Raw Cut Alligator Lambskin Bomber Jacket On sale. Kashani, Mauritius Men's 'Tactical' Rustic Lambskin Biker Jacket On sale.
Results 1 - 48 of 1370496, Rain Jacket Waterproof Weatherproof Outdoor Coat with Hood S-5XL, Portwest US440, adidas Post-Game Bomber Jacket Men's.
Nelly.com: Shop Bomber jackets - Jackets - women - online at great prices and with fast delivery. Choose from a wide range of new arrivals every day.
Latest trends in women's jackets. New models every week: suede, leather, denim, bomber and suit jackets.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 88.3195
Retrieved Text: Your outerwear is going to have a new height when you pair them with jackets or coats. Faux leather jackets or petite leather coats can be paired with both summer and winter dresses. They give you that adventurous and cool look. The options in womens faux leather coats and jackets are plenty in numbers and you can team them up with any boots or accessories of your choice. They add a classy look to your styling and goes perfectly with both professional and casual attire.
Leather Biker Jacket: If you want to have that sporty look then this kind of jacket is what you need. They are available in base colors as well as bold ones. Pair them with any white t-shirt and denim that you have.
Moto Jackets In Faux Leather: Brown and beige colored petite leather coats and jackets of this category look perfect on women. The color designs available are also lovely and you also get stud designing on the jackets.
Fringe Jackets: The petite leather coats and jackets designed with lovely fringes look quite trendy and cool on ladies. They are perfect for any outings or parties. You can also try a vince leather sleeve coat as it looks pretty and elegant.
Asymmetrical Leather Jackets: These kinds of jackets or leather coats women look extremely elegant on women. Choose light colors like hemp or beige in this category.
Quilted Faux Leather Bomber Jacket: The color black is ideal for any quilted leather coat or jacket in the bomber range. The quilted leather coat design adds more warmth

########
Rank: 7
Score: 87.09255
Retrieved Text: The bomber jacket is truly a classic for men. Even many women love it right now. This timeless outwear piece comes to the table with a huge variety of interesting styles, being suitable for so many occasions. Bomber jackets are versatile and fashionable. They can keep you warm during winters and make a statement as they perfectly complete numerous casual outfits. If you want to look your best with a bomber jacket, look no further. The advice below can help you.
What Is The Bomber Jacket?
The bomber jacket is the classic military flight jacket we saw appear during World War I, all as pilots needed durable and warm flying outerwear. As time passed, the bomber jacket ended up being adopted by civilians. It is traditionally made out of leather but modern materials also include polyester, nylon, suede and even wool.
Bomber jackets are characterized by hem and ribbed cuffs, front zip closures and defined necklines. Various styles appeared along the years so this classic jacket can be bought in various fits, colors and styles.
Punk culture made this popular between the sixties and the eighties. In modern times, burgundy bomber jackets are great for many styles, although its main advantage is that it adds attitude to the outfit. You want to partner this with a black hoodie, t-shirt and black jeans. You end up with that edgy casual look that makes people look at you on the street.
If you want to be on-trend at all times, the red bomber jacket is a safe option. It is fashion-forward when compared

########
Rank: 8
Score: 86.4975
Retrieved Text: Learn how to shop for – and rock – this rebellious fashion classic.
The leather jacket has had a long and diverse history, and has become a timeless piece that every woman should own. If you want to add one to your wardrobe – or learn a little more about this fashion classic, you’ve come to the right place.
Below, I’ll share a quick history of the leather jacket, followed by outfit inspiration and some tips on buying the perfect one.
The leather jacket’s first iteration, as discussed by The Line, was a brown bomber style. Military aviators wore it as the sturdy, warm outer layer of their uniform. Soon after, the first motorcycle-style leather jacket was created for Harley Davidson.
The piece soon evolved from its utilitarian military and motorcycle roots to its place as a rebellious style staple. 1950s Hollywood rebels like James Dean and Marlon Brando highlighted its edginess. Clad in their leather jackets, Brando and Dean appealed to 1950s youth and terrified 1950s parents. Then, following the rebels of the past, 1970s and ’80s punk rockers adopted the jacket for their own rebellion.
Today leather jackets have the same benefits as they did in the past. They are practical yet punk rock, worn by rockers and models and college women alike. They’re the ticket to cool that keeps you warm. Although this fashion classic may intimidate, and may be intimidating to try, the leather jacket’s varied history shows that it is more versatile than you may have previously thought.
Below, this classic fashion staple is styled in two

########
Rank: 9
Score: 86.18699
Retrieved Text: Short scooter jackets typically are fitted jackets that come up to the waist or belt line and we have a great selection here at Scooter Wear. Choose from different styles such as the classic bomber and mojave styles in leather and waxed cotton or more contemporary styles from brands such as REV'IT and Tucano Urbano. Short scooter jackets are ideal if you want to keep the bulk down and look ready for the street once you park up. Check out the classic Brooklands jacket from Belstaff and the 4Tempi jacket from Tucano Urbano, two of our bestsellers.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 85.36027
Retrieved Text: This Brown Leather Bomber Jacket has 1000 x 1201 pixel resolution with jpeg format. Vintage Leather Bomber Jacket, Mens Bomber Jacket, Brown Leather Bomber Jacket Womens, Mens Leather Jackets, Ll Bean Mens Leather Bomber Jackets, Mens Bomber Jacket With Fur Collar, Leather Bomber Jacket Amazon, Leather Bomber Jacket Ebay, Brown Leather Bomber Jacket Womens, Ll Bean Mens Leather Bomber Jackets, Leather Bomber Jacket Amazon was related topic with this Brown Leather Bomber Jacket . You can download the Brown Leather Bomber Jacket picture by right click your mouse and save from your browser.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 85.31837
Retrieved Text: Vintage leather motorcycle jackets for men are one of those unique clothing items that look great with just about anything. Whether wearing the jacket for protection while riding a motorcycle, as a jacket to ward off the chill or wind, or just as a fun and stylish fashion accessory, the leather motorcycle jacket is always a big hit. From the 1940's style bomber jackets worn by aviators and military men, to the classic leather jackets worn by the legendary actor James Dean and the coolest guy on Happy Days, the Fonz, no other garment makes quite the same fashion statement for men as the leather jacket.
From celebrities, to rock stars, to actual motorcycle riders, motorcycle jackets offer that perfect balance between fashion and function, and between style and comfort. Men's leather motorcycle jackets typically feature several buckles and zippers, and some may even have studs on them as an embellishment. Leather jackets can be fairly expensive, which is one of the reasons why owning vintage leather motorcycle jackets can be a less expensive alternative. You may be lucky enough to find a quality leather motorcycle jacket while browsing through your local thrift store. Ebay also offers many different styles of motorcycle jackets for sale, which prices starting at around $20.50.
Another great reason to opt for a vintage leather motorcycle jacket is that the leather will already be well worn in and soft and comfortable to wear. These men's leather jackets never go out of style and provide warmth on a chilly day, as well as protection

########
Rank: 12
Score: 84.7244
Retrieved Text: Jackets are outer mid stomach length for the upper body. They can be either lightweight or heavy depending on the type of fabric they are made with.
Jackets are garments that go well with a variety of outfits. Whether you are going for a casual fun look or looking to add some depth to your style, jackets are a great choice in either case.
There are different types of jackets that can be divided, depending upon the material and style.
Leather Jacket: A crowd favorite, leather jackets add the right amount of edginess to a look along with a timeless appeal.
Cardigans: Covers the upper part of the body and the arms, fastening at the front with buttons, and usually worn over other clothes. Modern ones are open at the front.
Bomber Jacket: a short jacket tightly gathered at the waist and cuffs by elasticated bands and typically having a zip front. Looks as chic on date night as it does over your workout clothes. It is rendered in everything from satin to velvet.
Windcheater/ Windbreaker: : a wind-resistant jacket with a close-fitting neck, waistband, and cuffs.
Sweet Couch has more than 128 shops selling their jackets.
Jackets on Sweet Couch range from ₹ 500 to ₹ 55400. Some of the jackets have discounts. The maximum discount you can get is 75%.
Along with jackets, shoppers typically look for T-Shirts, Shoes and Shirts.
We have latest jackets from online shops Aza Fashions, Globus and Ramraj.
Some of the most popular jackets are Black Jackets, Grey Jackets and Blue Jackets.
This month, the most popular jackets are globus grey

########
Rank: 13
Score: 84.09236
Retrieved Text: Brand new with tag. dark brown goat skin leather aviator jacket .
Like New - No wear or marks! cockpit usa mens tuskegee airmen a-2 flight jacket burgundy (bourgogne) used in great shape with removable fur collar.. willis & geiger type-a2 us army air force cockpit flight jacket.
Pacific club aviator bomber a2 leather jacket. a2 leather jacket . Used good condition, shows signs of normal wear and use. Item shows signs of wear and dirt from storage. See pictures for details. Offered at 157.46.
Details: leather, jacket, brown, quality, front, mens, force, flight, bomber, aviator, mens, s / body chest = 38" between 40"
Men’s air force a-2 leather flight bomber brown. Manteau de cuir favela porté 2 fois. description superb vintage horsehide brown leather flight/bomber jacket in excellent condition showing lots wear and loads of patina.
FOR SALE: zip-in/out lining - 4 buttons - 2 pockets - nice detailed. features:2 side pockets scoville 'gripper zipper'full-button downnatural patinabrown leather condition: the leather is very nice and supple.
Cooper leather a2 flight jacket goatskin flap. Cockpit usa mens tuskegee airmen a-2 flight jacket burgundy (bourgogne) used in great shape with removable fur collar.. extremely accurate reproduction.
This is a leather A2 Bomber Jacket (large) zip-in/out lining - 4 buttons - 2. the lining is ripped at the top with a stain.
Details: jacket, leather, cafe, racer, vintage, amazon, grey, aviator, chest, high, mens, x-large/body chest 44" to 46"
Aviator g-1 a-2 flight jacket distressed brown. Original price more than i'd like to say. "Your feedback is very important for us, positive feedback and score dsr

########
Rank: 14
Score: 83.72779
Retrieved Text: Get free shipping on men's coats & jackets at Neiman Marcus. Shop for denim jackets, Men's Leather Biker Jacket. Men's Double Wool Short Bomber Jacket.
The re-emergence of a bold and sophisticated 1970s aesthetic has put jackets and coats made of shearling – that tactile swath of wool and hide taken from a. consider Lauren’s slim-cut ashy-olive.
Discover the Replay Men's Jackets and Coats collection on the Online Store: Buy High-Quality Clothing Online. Crust leather biker jacket m8915b.000.83056.
Shop Men's Outerwear | Outerwear | Club Monaco. $149.50. Men | Lightweight Mac Jacket | Club Monaco. Men | Leather Biker Jacket | Club Monaco.
The wool Theory blazer. a black blazer and biker shorts sans shirt for the Alexander Wang show. Two months later, she showed up to the Bumble Bizz Los Angeles Launch Dinner at Nobu Malibu wearing.
Biker. wool blankets and minibars stocked by a local cold-pressed juicery. Rooms from $299. Jenny Lake Lodge Jenny Lake Rd., Moose, Wyo. 307-543-3100 gtlc.com/lodges/jenny-lake-lodge Fine dining in.
Shop the full range of Men's Coats and Jackets from the latest Armani. HOODED JACKET AND KNITTED EDGING. FAUX LEATHER BIKER JACKET.
Regular-fit biker jacket in grained leather by BOSS. $845.00. Quick Shop. Formal coat in wool and cashmere with notch lapels, Dark Blue. Formal coat in wool.
So the story goes, he told the officer that "all MIT men carry batteries for emergencies. a piece from a leather motorcycle jacket to create a piston seal. One of the members in graduate school was.
ALL OF THIS would matter even if Han Kjobenhavn weren’t one of the most significant men.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 83.41844
Retrieved Text: What are the latest fashion trends in men leather jackets?
Fashion is changing very quickly and if you want to have something amazing, comfortable and warm than hurry up and watch the latest trends in men leather jackets! Today leather jackets attract not only bikers but large number of fashionable designers. It occupies one of the main places in man’s clothes. History of using leather in place of clothes began in the ancient times and now it’s a good tradition to have something from leather.
So what should know men about this season jackets? What is the best variant for them? We know answers on these questions: they want their clothes to be comfortable and casual.
They want a jacket which they could wear everywhere and it must be cool and simple at the same time. Designers as usual tried to do the best and created leather jackets that can make tough-guy man without being tough and of course they’re very comfortable and cool.
This time fashion collections have jackets that making men so intelligent and brave. Most of style depends on kind of leather. Bold proportions, original solutions, rich colors are relevant in many designer collections. What accents designers put in their collections 2014? Let’s have a look! The trends in the world of leather jackets are: bomber style, aviator and flight styles. Also many of items have pockets what makes using of jacket much more comfortable. Most often in collection 2014 we see bomber jackets. Earlier bomber jackets were worn mainly by teenagers, and today noble materials gave

########
Rank: 16
Score: 83.20602
Retrieved Text: Home > Articles > Choose The Top Class Leather Jackets For Men For Style As Well As Comfort!
Choose The Top Class Leather Jackets For Men For Style As Well As Comfort!
Leather jackets for men are awesome in offering protection as well as sheer lustre. There are jacket with reptile prints, solid leather jacket, faux leather jacket, biker jacket with contrast panels and white leather jacket. In order to purchase most ideal leather jackets for men several factors should be considered. The jacket colour should match your wardrobe. It should allow you to wear on regular basis on wide variety of outfits.
The colour should be in tune with your personality. You should be able to wear it with absolute confidence. If you would like to wear on business as well as casual occasions, you should purchase black jacket. If you dress up with business attire, it will fetch you professional appearance. The cut of the jacket should flatter your body type. The jacket should have proper sleeve length and it should end with correct waistline. Choose the fabric that best meets your skin and there will be perspiration so that you will have great comfort.
Choose casual red mens jacket !
Red mens jacket is prepared with various colours and materials. There are casual jackets which are made with polyester material. You can also go for stylish sleeveless jackets which can be worn very casually. Hooded neck jacket will give you additional comfort and they will give you protection from harsh environmental conditions as well.
Red mens jacket are alternative

########
Rank: 17
Score: 82.98436
Retrieved Text: Remember the craze that was leather bomber jackets? Highly sensitive, these good-looking garments couldn't even go near water for fear of ruination...and what good is a men's work jacket you can't wear outside? All that's different now, thanks to the Bulwark Men's ... (see full details) (see specifications) #BLWJLJ8NV.
Remember the craze that was leather bomber jackets? Highly sensitive, these good-looking garments couldn't even go near water for fear of ruination...and what good is a men's work jacket you can't wear outside? All that's different now, thanks to the Bulwark Men's JLJ8 NV Water-Resistant Navy Blue Bomber FR Jacket from Working Person's Store.
Wind? No problem. Rain? Don't worry. High-intensity flame? Forget about it - this Bulwark flame-resistant jacket can basically go anywhere and do anything. The highly durable navy shell is made of a lightweight 7-ounce twill that's completely water-repellent. The 88% cotton, 12% nylon blend is the perfect combination of airy comfort and abrasion-resisting strength, and the cotton is flame-resistant for your safety. The lining of the Bulwark men's outerwear is made up of 100% cotton, giving you a warm yet breathable interior.
The entire navy blue water-resistant jacket has an Arc rating of 30.4 calories/cm^2 (HRC 3). Arc rating measures the amount of heat a garment can stand before being affected by heat and flame, and you'll stay safe inside this warm, weather-resisting beauty.
The separating Nomex taped brass zipper on this flame-resistant men's jacket keeps you securely tucked inside, with the heavy-duty metal covered with a two-layer storm flap to keep the elements at bay. A

########
Rank: 18
Score: 82.620384
Retrieved Text: Mens jackets always make great fashion apparel, they are not only durable but also stylish. Men are particularly fond of leather jackets as it makes them feel smart and also comfortable without a lot of effort. The other great aspect of these jackets is that they keep you adequately warm when required. If you take good care of a good quality leather coat , then it is surely going to last you quite long. In selecting a jacket, the first thing you have to look for is its cut, and fitting. And so that you never get wrong in this procedure, the best place to buy is going to be www.mensitaly.com, the ideal online shopping portal of MensITALY. With their experience in mens apparel, you will only be helped and never in the wrong ally.
* The distance between the collar line and your crotch, this is known as the inseam.
While measuring your body, make sure that none of your measurements are either very lose or very tight. Therefore there should be space enough to fit one finger inside the measuring tape.
A lot of the measurements for leather jackets also depend on the kind of cut you are opting for. The commonly kind of popular leather jacket cuts are bomber cut, motor cross cut, and the distressed jackets cut. Each of these jackets has their own speciality. For instance, a bomber jacket is considered for its roomy chest space, and fitted in the waist. This is one kind of jacket that is typically meant for men with

########
Rank: 19
Score: 82.23238
Retrieved Text: 12 Girly Pink Jackets for Women!
Cute and Girly Women’s PINK Jackets!
Hello fellow girly ladies and girly girls!!
Are you looking for girly pink jackets for women?
This is your final girly ‘pink’ stop!
I live in a very ‘girly’ world, where almost everything is either pink, floral or cute!
Here you are going to find all kinds and all shades of cute pink jackets!
From pink winter and ski jackets to pink motorcycle jackets!
It is a gorgeous hot pink leather jacket!
Girly girls and girly women love to wear them because it’s who we are!
It’s how we express ourselves!
We live in a pretty bubblegum pink world!
Very Cute Shiny Hot Pink Polyester Winter Jacket with Hoody!
Spyder Women’s Timeless Hoody Jacket PINK!
The first thing that called my attention about this cute and girly pink jacket was this shade of pink!
It is a mix between bubblegum pink and hot pink!
I also LOVE the shiny polyester and the fun ‘sort of puffy’ design!
It also has a fixed hood, for when it gets really cold and you need to cover your head.
Very Stylish and Warm Pink Snow Jacket for Women!
Very warm, stylish and eye-catching cute pink snow jacket for women!
It also has a nice hood with a warm fur trim, to keep your neck area always warm and toasty!
Have fun in the slopes!
Girly women wear cute pink jackets!
This is a very feminine, unique and cozy pink fur jacket!
I also love the soft pink fur all over!
Cute and Fun Sports Plaid Pink Jacket for Women!
Ultra-warm and girly fun sports plaid pink winter jacket!
It also comes with a removable

########
Rank: 20
Score: 81.95712
Retrieved Text: Items 1 - 14 of 14, Buy Flight Jackets from STORENAME., Kids Top Gun MA-1 Style Flight Jackets - BLACK, Concealed Carry MA-1 Flight Jacket - BLACK.
Find a flying jacket on Gumtree, the #1 site for Men's Coats & Jackets for Sale classifieds ads in the UK., Irvin Leather Aviator Flying Jacket US Style B-3 Large 40-42 MINT Classic Sheepskin Westfield Lotus. Airdrie, North Lanarkshire.
Sheepskin flying jackets made by us in 3 classic styles, we use British tanned skins and ensure each flying jacket is an authentic replica of the WWII originals.
Find an impressive range of leather jackets, bags, footwear and accessories at The Leather Shop. We offer highest-quality leather goods. Visit us today.
Shop fur, flight, aviator and varsity style bomber jackets at Superdry., Check out our leather, down and quilted mens jackets for more key outerwear styles.
Shop from a wide variety of mens jackets & coats for summer 2018 with free, IE Iconic Sherpa Collar Leather Flight Jacket ..... Leading London Trench Coat.
Men's Shearling Sheepskin Flying Jackets. Leather and sheepskin flying jackets have been iconic since their initial conception in the early 20th century.
Shop our huge choice of men's coats and jackets at Topman., go casual with a denim/ bomber jacket or for smarter occasions invest in a classic overcoat with your favourite pair of jeans., Black And White Check Smart Harrington Jacket.
Order The Idle Man Shearling Flight Jacket Black today from The Idle Man, your online destination for all of your Men's fashion & lifestyle needs.
Get the look with a men's bomber jacket online

########
Rank: 21
Score: 81.8495
Retrieved Text: Our expert designers have designed a perfect piece of jacket for truly fashion lover. This fashionable vintage classic bomber leather jacket is made of real leather while its internal is made of comfortable lining.
This classic bomber jacket comes up in turned down shirt collar with button as well as YKK branded zip closure. It has two flap buttoned broad pockets on waist. Full sleeves with elastic cuffs detailing add comfort in your style.
My wife bought it for me, and i love it. very fine leather jacket with perfect fit. soft durable inner lining give me warmth and solace. The color and style of vintage classic bomber brown jacket is very good. A brilliant item gave by you. Recommend this site to all.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 81.768616
Retrieved Text: Click the button below to add the A Brown Buckskin Premium Leather Womens vented Motorcycle Waist Length Jacket to your wish list.
Sale This WEEK... Suggested Retail $229...Big SALE on NOW!
Special This Week FREE shipping for orders shipped to addresses in the USA.
This is one of our new line of Bigfoot Leather premium biker scooter jackets.
Bigfoot leather had this jacket made up to our top specifications.
Woman's new solid buckskin brown vented Nubuck leather jacket that can be worn with collar out or zipped up for maximum warmth!
This jacket is also available in a black, and retro brown variations.
Great jacket for riding your Harley or equally beautiful to wear for a fashion statement...as "biker" leather is in! This is premium grade soft buffalo solid leather!
Medium fits size 34-35" Bust/chest...waist to 33 back length 19.5"sleeves 24 1/2"
Large fits size 35-37" Bust/chest... waist to 35" back length 20" sleeves 24 1/2"
3XL fits size 41-42" Bust/chest...waist to 39" back length 22" sleeves 26"
For Exact fit Email me with your height, chest and waist sizes.
This Leather Jacket comes in Buckskin Brown, Black and Retro Brown. If you want to buy this in other colors, go to our store above. Special $10.00 shipping for orders shipped to US addresses this month.
This is the leather jacket that you would pay $249.00 for at the Motorcycle Store! This is a beautiful jacket, and solid leather to give you protection.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 81.129364
Retrieved Text: Leather has been used for outwear manufacturing from the beginning of men’s era. It is soft enough for easy processing and thick enough to protect a man from unfavorable weather conditions such as wind, rain and snow. In cold weather leather clothes saves maximum of body’s warmth and in hot weather it doesn’t get hot quickly. Easiness of processing leather allows producing different textures and forms and natural material looks expensive and beautiful.
Thanks to its wonderful protective and esthetic features leather today remains as popular as hundreds years ago. This is why leather pieces of outwear can be found in any wardrobe, a woman’s or a man’s one. All this also explains why this material was used for making first bomber jackets which were uniform for military pilots.
After many years passed, a bomber jacket transformed into an extremely comfortable and highly versatile thing which has become a must have for every style conscious person. Today bomber jacket men made of leather is all the range again. It was presented in the collections of all well known fashion houses and is offered by all branded boutiques. Autumn 2014 men’s bomber has some distinguishing features.
New season’s leather men’s bomber successfully combines comfort and sexuality, the traits of work clothes and classic style traits such as lapels. New versions proposed by modern designers move further from classic military bomber style. Autumn-winter 2014-2015 leather bomber jacket can be colored except traditional brown, blue and dark blue, in so radiant and bright colors as Bordeaux, deep green or cognac. It can

########
Rank: 24
Score: 81.11937
Retrieved Text: OUR ANDREW MARC SMOOTH LEATHER RACER ADDS A CHIC & STYLISH FLARE TO ANY LOOK. THE INSERTED ELBOW PATCHES, LAYERED SHOULDER YOKES AND FRAMED POCKET ZIPPERS GIVE A NOD TO THE BOLD LEATHER JACKETS OF THE 90s. ITS STRAIGHT FIT, WAIST LENGTH AND EASY ZIP UP CENTER FRONT, COMPLIMENTS EVERY BODY TYPE.
A stand out piece for everyday. Crafted in supple, washed lambskin leather, our Hastings jacket features a double-breasted asymmetrical zipper front and two zipper pockets. The collar features a snap and buckle closure for versatile wear. Wear alone or layer year-round.
THE WATER RESISTANT PALOMA PARKA FEATURES SPORTY, FUNCTIONAL DETAILS TO HELP KEEP YOU DRY. OUR INTRICATELY DESIGNED INTERIOR HAS A SOFT MESH LINING AND A WAIST DRAWCORD FOR A FLATTERING FIT. EXTENDABLE HOOD BILL, SNAP FRONT STORM PLACKET AND COVERED POCKETS ADD EXTRA PROTECTION FROM THE ELEMENTS. THE FINISHING TOUCHES OF OUR INSIDE LOGO TAPING AND PRINTED LOGO POCKET WELT ADD STYLISH DETAILS TO THIS PIECE. A MUST HAVE FOR WET OR DRY WEATHER!
DON'T SETTLE. CRAFTED WITH 60/40 DUCK DOWN FEATHER FILLED SOFT TOUCH FABRIC WITH SLIGHT STRETCH FOR ULTIMATE COMFORT, THE MOXIE IS A REVERSIBLE JACKET UNLIKE ANY OTHER. BOASTING METALLIC FOIL COLORBLOCKING ON ONE SIDE; YOU CAN UNZIP THE WATERPROOF ZIPPER ON THE CONVERTIBLE HOOD FOR A HIGH-COLLAR LOOK. FEATURING SIX POCKETS THE MOXIE IS SURE TO KEEP YOU AND YOUR BELONGINGS SECURE IN THE FRIGID SEASONS TO COME.
The Jolene boasts warm 50/50 duck downfill and a removable hood with blue frost fox fur, accented with ultra lightweight zippers for a polished aesthetic

########
Rank: 25
Score: 81.023674
Retrieved Text: Effortless and cool, bomber jackets are as much a wardrobe staple as their denim and leather counterparts. A softer, more feminine take on a bomber, this rose red jacket has elasticated hem and cuffs and is fully lined with smooth viscose making it easy to wear. The elaborate bell-shaped sleeves give an elegant touch to the classic piece.
Styling tip: This bomber is crafted from elegant crepe making it a great choice to wear at both daytime or to have over the shoulders at events. Wear it with matching pants or our classic Harper dress.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 80.83757
Retrieved Text: Men, if you want to truly upgrade your sartorial game, you need to invest in a leather jacket. The thing is, a lot of guys don’t think they can pull it off. I know, I was there too. The furthest I could get was a Spiewak coat with some leather trim. You see, what I didn’t realize and you didn’t either is, you need the other pieces in your wardrobe to make a leather jacket work. Look at what I’m wearing with these leather jackets, like the plaid button down, the Chelsea boots, etc. Add these to your wardrobe and you’ll be a “leather jacket guy” in no time.
Blackmean Slim-Fit Distressed Suede Biker Jacket is crafted with quality in Japan. It has lots of zipped pockets and adjustable waist tabs that you can customize the fit. Suede leather gives more texture to your wardrobe, the details of Blackmeans are perfect for hitting the street casual. This jacket has slim cut but not too fitted to be worn.
The Kooples Black Smooth Leather Biker Jacket, a timeless stylish jacket. This can be worn in any season, this spring is also perfect for you to slay an outfit with The Kooples biker jacket. It is made of a soft and smooth leather, an exceptional and fancy menswear to have.
You may display your rock style with this jacket.
Combined Leather Jacket is looking good with faux shearling shirt collar. This is a statement piece. Walking around with this will make you look cool and suave. The jacket looks fancy itself so

########
Rank: 27
Score: 80.72389
Retrieved Text: The famous bomber jackets are everyone’s favorite these days. They come in different fabrics and designs according to the weather. The best time to wear your bombers is the winter time because that is when you can be more comfortable with their warmth and be able to style them accordingly. As not all bomber jackets come in Nylon, you can try soft, brown suede in the autumn season. But for winters, you should be looking for a bomber with leather or sort wool in order to keep yourself warm during the cold. They are the best kinds of bomber jackets for women and men both. Another choice for material could be neoprene in winters which is more durable material.
If you are buying your bomber jacket in the spring season, then try a floral print one with a lighter fabric. You can buy your bomber in different styles and fabrics and patterns according to the season but the best weather to wear a bomber jacket is winters, let’s find out why.
The bomber jackets are made out of heavy fabrics and warm enough to keep you protected from the cold weather. This is the reason why the best time to buy bomber jackets for women and men both in the winter months. In winters you get the chance to experiment with more variety of bomber jackets which you will be unable to do in summer and fall because of the hot weather. As these jackets come in different materials especially the warm and cozy one, you will be

########
Rank: 28
Score: 80.62671
Retrieved Text: Men's Jackets online Shop online for wide collection of men Outerwear Jackets from popular, Bewakoof Men's Fleece Buttoned Bomber Jacket Jet Black.
4,490.00 1,990.00. SEERSUCKER BOMBER JACKET - Available in more colours. + COLORS. SEERSUCKER BOMBER JACKET. 3,490.00 1,990.00.
Shoppers Stop features a wide range of jackets & shrugs for womens from all top brands online. Avail, Bomber Jacket (2). Cardigans (2), Black (157).
4950 products, Leather Retail Black Leather Jacket with Fur Lining for Man. Leather Retail Black, Flying Machine Men Printed Full Sleeve Jacket. From1100.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 80.60413
Retrieved Text: If you're on the hunt for a casual yet seriously stylish ensemble, make a dark brown leather bomber jacket and navy skinny jeans your outfit choice. Both pieces are totally comfortable and will look great together. Grab a pair of tobacco suede derby shoes to take things up a notch.
Team a dark brown leather bomber jacket with navy ripped jeans, if you feel like relaxed dressing without looking like a slob. To add elegance to your outfit, complete with brown leather casual boots.
If you're on the hunt for a casual yet on-trend outfit, wear a dark brown leather bomber jacket and blue skinny jeans. Both items are totally comfortable and will look great together. You could perhaps get a little creative in the footwear department and spruce up your ensemble with brown suede derby shoes.
If you're scouting for a casual yet dapper look, consider pairing a dark brown leather bomber jacket with black chinos. Both garments are totally comfortable and will look great together. Dark brown leather double monks will bring a classic aesthetic to the outfit.
Look the best you possibly can in a dark brown leather bomber jacket and dark brown dress pants. For something more on the daring side to finish off this ensemble, rock a pair of dark brown suede brogues.
If you're hunting for a casual yet dapper getup, consider teaming a dark brown leather bomber jacket with black sweatpants. Both items are totally comfortable and will look great paired together. If you don't want to go all out formal, grab a pair

================



======= Instance Index 7671 =========
Input Text: If a description of a situation begins like this: [header] How to get rid of starlings [title] Deter starlings from eating livestock feed. [step] Farms often attract starlings, but the birds can eat your livestock feed and spread disease to your animals. Using feed and feeding methods that do not attract starlings can help keep the birds off of your farm.... Then how
does it continue? 

Ending 1: If the population does not stay the same, farm feed may attract starlings. [substeps] Try to keep the birds away from gardens that contain chemicals such as manure or gasoline, as starlings will eat these when they are sick.

Ending 2: [substeps] You can feed the animals hay scraps, which will deter them from eating your feed. Place a slit in a straw paper cloth over a cage door so the bird can't get into the bedding after emptying it.

Ending 3: [substeps] Provide either granular feed or large pellets (at least 0.5 inch in size) that are more difficult for starlings to eat. Do not put animal feed directly on the ground.

Ending 4: These methods : [substeps] Throw away the hay or toys. Cover your feeding stations and trash cans with old garbage to prevent starlings from eating this color.

Target Text: Ending 3

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 98.72617
Retrieved Text: European Starlings, an invasive species not native to the US, were first introduced to New York in 1890 as part of a misguided attempt to introduce every bird that William Shakespeare ever wrote about into the US. Because the starlings have fewer natural predators here, they spread unchecked, damaging environments and bullying native birds. Birds are particularly difficult to control because of their gift of flight, but you can take steps to discourage starlings from invading your home or farm.
Deter starlings from eating livestock feed. Farms often attract starlings, but the birds can eat your livestock feed and spread disease to your animals. Using feed and feeding methods that do not attract starlings can help keep the birds off of your farm.
Provide either granular feed or large pellets (at least 0.5 inch in size) that are more difficult for starlings to eat.
Do not put animal feed directly on the ground.
Use bird-proof feeders. Many of these will make “clanging” noises periodically or have covers that birds cannot penetrate.
Feed animals in a covered area, such as a barn.
Feed animals in the evening or after dark.
Adapt bird feeding techniques to smaller birds. If you use bird feeders to attract songbirds to your yard, you may be annoyed by starlings eating all of your bird feed and scaring off other birds.
Place wide netting or a cage around feeders. Smaller songbirds will be able to penetrate the holes, but starlings will not.
Cut perches very short so that only smaller birds can perch on your feeders.
Try a feeder that requires birds to

########
Rank: 1
Score: 69.608734
Retrieved Text: Please send your questions regarding feeders and feed to feed@birdzilla.com. We'll answer as many as we can and post selected answers here.
Q. What is the best seed to feed?
A. This depends on the species. Finches are especially fond of Nyjer® and cardinals are partial to safflower. Black-oil sunflower, however, is probably the best all-around single choice.
Q. Which is better, a hopper feeder or a tube feeder?
A. One is not necessarily better than the other. Hopper feeders, because of their ease of access to the seed, tend to attract a larger variety of birds, at least in my backyard. This sometimes include grackles, which can wipe out a supply of seed in a hurry. Tube feeders tend to discourage larger species. If grackles are a problem try using a tube feeder, maybe even shortening the perch. This will often leave the tube feeder available for finches, nuthatches and other smaller species.
Carla Davis, better known as the "The Wild Bird Lady", is a member of the board of directors of the National Bird-Feeding Society. The National Bird-Feeding Society is dedicated to providing information on the care and feeding of wild birds as well as information on creating bird-friendly habitat.
Thanks to Carla and her expert friends for providing answers to the many questions submitted.
Q. How do I control the squirrels? They are eating me out of house and home.
A. This can be one of the biggest challenges those that feed birds will face. Squirrels are clever, strong and aggressive at trying to reach a nice supply of sunflower seed.
Locating

########
Rank: 2
Score: 69.43739
Retrieved Text: These species can inundate many a backyard feeder. In order to stop them, it's important to know a bit about them and to learn to distinguish between them.
Starlings are a non-native species and are not related to our native blackbirds. They are iridescent black with speckles. Their beaks are dark in winter (shown here) and yellow in summer.
Grackles, who are black with a purple-blue sheen to their heads, are our most common blackbirds. Red-winged blackbirds and cowbirds are other native blackbirds who may visit your feeders.
*While not technically correct, all three species are commonly lumped under the term "Blackbird," and for simplicity we will use the term throughout the article unless specific clarification needs to be made.
Starlings' preferred diet consists primarily of insects and berries, but if these are hard to find, they turn to our feeders instead. Their beaks are not designed for cracking hard seed shells, so they go first for the softer suet cakes, peanut pieces, and other foods without shells. If those aren't available, they will even force themselves to eat hard shelled seeds. Fortunately, we do have a few tricks to eliminate Starlings from some feeders, and to slow them down at others, so your other birds can get their share of food, too.
The other blackbirds are more traditional seed eaters. They are less likely to bother suet, unless it is of poor quality (i.e., filled with seeds or grains), but will devour most common seeds readily.
There are several options for minimizing issues with blackbirds, and often a combination of techniques

########
Rank: 3
Score: 69.09737
Retrieved Text: I took this at the store yesterday. Say what you will about starlings, they do look pretty cool in their spotty plumage this time of year.
For all those saying, "Hey, I thought you said blackbirds would be gone by now!" They will be gone soon. As soon as we get some snow they will be gone. In the meantime, it's fun to appreciate the male red-wing blackbird's red patches with the fall colors. The starlings will be here all winter. If you want to cut back on the number of starlings coming only feed seeds in a hard shell. They can't crack them open.
I also hear from Denny Martin that they turkeys in his backyard bully away the blackbirds for access to his millet, so try to attract some turkeys.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 68.34136
Retrieved Text: Starlings are very common in North Carolina, especially in the Triangle area. Some people will call this bird a "black bird," but it is oftentimes a Starling. Starlings are small birds and do look black while in flight, but they are actually not black.
Starlings or "black birds" will oftentimes choose to nest in buildings, like your barn or garage. They are also known to fly down into the exhaust vent on your roof that leads to a bathroom exhaust fan. This can cause real problems.
Typically if a small black bird or starling gets down an exhaust vent like this it will lay eggs, hatch babies and the babies will die. You will hear scratching sounds in the vent while the adult bird is building a nest - you should act immediately! Once the eggs are laid the future is a bad smell. Even if the bird decides not to lay eggs, the nesting material will clog your vents and also poses a fire hazard.
These Starlings or "black birds" are not as dirty as pigeons, but the feces buildup can lead to structural damage, bacteria and parasites. Any bird carries unwanted lice. You just need to get rid of wild birds (Starlings, black birds or any other species) when they are staying in your living space. Any bird will damage your property if left alone.
How to Get Rid of a Flock of Starlings or "Black Birds"
These common birds can also flock in large numbers, hang out in a choice tree, make annoying noise and defecate everywhere. This

########
Rank: 5
Score: 67.94749
Retrieved Text: "The role of European starlings in the spread of coccidia within concen" by James C. Carlson, George M. Linz et al.
To investigate the relationship between European starlings and bovine coccidiosis we collected samples from European starlings, cattle feed bunks, cattle water troughs, and cattle feces within concentrated animal feeding operations (CAFOs). These samples were screened for coccidia spp. to investigate (i) the prevalence of coccidia in starlings using CAFOs; (ii) if there is a relationship between bovine coccidiosis and starling numbers; (iii) if coccidia contamination of cattle feed and water is related to the number of starlings observed on CAFOs. Coccidia belonging to the genus Eimeria were detected in cattle feces and one water sample but no Eimeria spp. were detected in European starlings or cattle feed. However, many European starling samples were positive for Isospora. Starling use of CAFOs did not appear to be associated with coccidia spp. shedding by cattle and there was no correlation between starling numbers and contamination of cattle feed and water, suggesting that starling do not contribute to the amplification and spread of Eimeria in CAFOs.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 67.46775
Retrieved Text: Starlings are noisy birds and are not restricted to singing just their own songs. The species has a talent for mimicry and can easily copy the sounds made by other birds and can even imitate human voices. Starlings are outstanding mimics and incorporate accurate copies of sounds of other birds, frogs and mammals, and even mechanical sounds, into their song.
Exactly why Starlings do this is unknown, but the ability to mimic may play some part in attracting a mate. The bird's vocal range is so impressive that it has often been kept as a pet and taught to sing. Mozart even kept a Starling that was capable of singing part of his Piano Concerto in G Major.
Females will not uncommonly deposit one of their eggs in the nest of another female (a behaviour known as brood parasitism). The females that do this tend to be ‘floaters’, birds that have yet to secure a mate or nest site.
Many of these birds will go on to have a nest of their own later in the season so you may wonder why they dump an egg on another bird rather than wait. The answer may have something to do with the fact that early breeding is better, being more productive and giving the resulting fledglings more of the summer to gain independence; it also gives breeding pairs more opportunity for making a second breeding attempt.
As starlings gather in the evenings to roost, often they will participate in what is called a murmuration — a huge flock that shape-shifts in

########
Rank: 7
Score: 66.66839
Retrieved Text: Starlings are small passerine Birds that belong to the family of Sturnidae. They have strong feet and can fly over great distances. They are about 7.5 to 9.1 inches long and weigh on average about 2.0 to 3.6 oz. Their wing span ranges from 12 to 15 inches. Their plumage is black, with a green or purple gloss and white dots on its body.
The Common Starling was at first native to Europe and Asia, but it was introduced to North America, South America, Australia, Hawaii and other Pacific Islands, where it competes for space with the native birds and is considered an invasive species. This means that their introduction has caused an imbalance to the area’s fauna.
They love suburban and urban areas and also inhabit prairies and grasslands. They particularly like golf-fields, airports, city parks and other spaces within or close to cities that have trees to roost and nest on. They do not like dense and wet forests, but they have been found to live on the cliffs of coastal areas.
is also omnivorous and can eat fruit, grains seeds and nectar to complement its diet. Starlings often target agricultural areas, with large flocks causing a great deal of damage.
The males create the nests and even ornament them with colorful flowers to attract a potential female mate. The male will sing during the construction of the nest and will do so even more when a female approaches to inspect. If she approves of his building skills she will accept to mate and lay eggs in his

########
Rank: 8
Score: 66.3633
Retrieved Text: The EcoTough™ Tail Prop Suet Feeder lets birds eat in a natural way. The paddle simulates a tree trunk and offers birds a place to prop their tail while they feed. Our feeder holds one suet cake, is easy to fill and hangs anywhere.
EcoTough™ feeders and houses are environmentally friendly, high quality products that are made from recycled plastic milk jugs. These feeders and houses prevent used milk jugs from making their way into our landfills. EcoTough™ feeders and houses won't rot, crack, fade or warp like wood can. They also come with limited lifetime guarantees.
This is a larger version of a basic suet cage. We carry a large Woodpecker seed cake that is the perfect size to fill up this feeder. Hang it in your favorite sopt and the birds will just cling to the mesh and enjoy the feast!
This is a basic suet cage that will hold three (3) regular sized suet cakes. Mix it up! Put a variety of flavors or use our Naturally Nuts® Suet Tub to fill the whole thing.
If you have starlings hogging your suet, turn their world upside-down. Our EcoTough™ Upside-Down Suet Feeder is designed to allow birds to feed from below, a comfortable practice for woodpeckers, nuthatches, chickadees and other clinging birds but difficult for starlings. Not only will it help you control your starling population, but it's also easy to refill, clean and hang.
This one is designed to make it impossible for large birds and squirrels to eat your suet. The cage around the suet feeder allows

########
Rank: 9
Score: 64.77036
Retrieved Text: If you don’t have hollly berries to feed the birds, you can turn to seeds. Here’s a quick guide to seed types.
There are two kinds of sunflower—black oil and striped. Black oil seeds have very thin shells, easy for virtually all seed-eating birds to crack open, and the kernels have a high fat content, extremely valuable for most winter birds. Striped sunflower seeds have a thicker shell, much harder for House Sparrows and blackbirds to crack open. So if you’re inundated with species you’d rather not subsidize, try switching to striped sunflower.
Safflower has a thick shell, hard for some birds to crack open, but is a favorite among cardinals. Some grosbeaks, chickadees, doves, and native sparrows also eat it. According to some sources, House Sparrows, European Starlings, and squirrels don’t like safflower.
This is commonly known as thistle seed, although it’s unrelated to native thistles. Its tiny seeds attract small finches such as goldfinches, siskins, and redpolls. Nyjer is expensive, so it’s best offered in specially-designed thistle seed feeders, which have tiny feeding ports that prevent spilling.
Dried whole kernel corn is a favorite food of jays, pigeons, doves, turkeys, pheasants, and quail. Cracked corn is easier for smaller birds to eat, and will attract blackbirds, finches, and sparrows, as well as the larger birds. Unfortunately, corn has two serious problems. First, it’s a favorite of House Sparrows, cowbirds, starlings, geese, bears, raccoons, and deer—none of which should be subsidized. Second, corn is the bird food most likely to be contaminated with aflatoxins, which are extremely toxic even

########
Rank: 10
Score: 64.659584
Retrieved Text: Sheffield four-piece Starlings launch their cosmic sound with the release of their debut single ‘Weight In Gold’, making them ones to watch in 2011.
Influenced by the song writing and production of 80′s greats Simple Minds, Heaven 17 and more prominently Talk Talk, Starlings infuse 90’s dance bass lines with tripped-out dub guitars and psychedelic choruses from frontman Justin Robson, they have already built a loyal fan base in their home city and now look to take their carefully crafted ‘guitars + synths’ sound as far as possible.
‘Weight In Gold’ is Starlings’ first step on stitching their name firmly into Sheffield’s spiritual electronic band fabric, proving that there is more to the city’s musical future than the retro-punk styling’s of bands like the Arctic Monkeys. Starlings are much more in touch with the spirit of the city’s electronic post punk pioneers, using that heritage as a spring board for their sound.
Having been taken under the production wing of arch psychonaut and cosmic remix king Richard Norris (The Grid, Time & Space Machine and Beyond The Wizards Sleeve), Starlings’ debut single is perfectly sparse with electronics and trippy guitars creating the perfect platform for Robson’s distinctive vocals to shine.
‘Weight In Gold’ is backed with 3 remixes of the title-track by Starkey, Drums Of Death and cosmic disco bloggers The Bicep DJ’s.
Starlings are a band you must not ignore… eyes closed… hands high.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 62.765694
Retrieved Text: Hundreds of thousands of birds gather when flocks of starlings merge in order to rest in the reed forests of the Wadden Sea. The largest flocks might even completely envelope the low evening sun. This unique phenomenon is called black sun.
Black sun is one of nature's most wondrous phenomena. Year after year, it astounds people who experience it for the first time. Even people who are familiar with it lose themselves in the rhythmic and unpredictable movements of the starlings. Each individual starling is merely a black dot in a constantly shifting pattern that whirls across the night sky and creates enormous shapes that can fill the horizon and even block out the sun. As an enthralled spectator, one stares in wonder at the starlings and the energy they expend shifting around the flock. For the starlings, though, it is completely natural and necessary. The black sun phenomenon occurs when flocks of starlings gather to spend the night in the reed forests of the salt marshes. The shifting movements are a defence against birds of prey.
When the birds gather, there are many eyes to spot any potential danger, while the dizzyingly large flocks confuse attacking predators. The starlings are often attacked by the fast and agile sparrow hawk. However, they also face attacks from merlins, hen harriers, marsh harriers and goshawks. Even the world's fastest animal, the peregrine falcon, will sometimes enter the fray to put starling on the dinner menu. Starlings create the phenomenon of black sun in order to avoid being eaten by some

########
Rank: 12
Score: 62.760414
Retrieved Text: After spending many weeks trying to offer dried mealworms to Eastern Bluebirds, Carolina Wrens and other small birds without European Starlings eating most of them, I finally have a winner! I started with tossing some into platform feeders, then switched to a small Squirrel Buster Standard feeder that I tried to retrofit an endless number of ways to keep the starlings out. I finally gave in and purchased Erva’s Mealworm Feeder from Amazon, part of their “Starling Proof Feeder” series. (I couldn’t find this feeder locally.) After watching starlings repeatedly try and and fail to get into this feeder off and on for days now and only getting scraps around the edges, I am declaring it a success!

########
Rank: 13
Score: 62.639263
Retrieved Text: 19/05/2012 · In reply to mike123: Starlings are in the unenviable position of being one of the birds whose conservation status shows it to be in sharp decline.... 2/07/2016 · how to keep starlings off suet feeder? I'm sure this question has been asked a billion times, but...how to discourage blackbirds and starlings at my feeders? They were guzzling down big chunks from my suet holder, so I attached the holder to the bottom of a 6x6 piece of plywood and hung the platform on my feeding station.
How To Keep Starlings Away From Bird Feeders on.com: Books Starlings [Jo Walton] on Amazon.com. *FREE* shipping on qualifying offers. “Exquisitely written feats of imagination, each one leaving an impression long after it’s done.”―Kelley Armstrong.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 62.23702
Retrieved Text: Starlings are small to medium-sized birds found across the world.
Starlings have strong feet, their flight is strong and direct, and they are very gregarious. Their preferred habitat is fairly open country, and they eat insects and fruit. Several species live around human habitation, and are effectively omnivores.
Starlings are talented mimics, with a repertoire of about 15–20 distinct imitations. Not only do they imitate the sounds of other birds, they also mimic man-made environmental sounds such as car alarms and human speech patterns. (My starling, Oliver, has an impressive song that mimics the sounds of my other birds — canaries, finches and lovebirds.) Starlings can recognize particular individuals by their calls, and are currently the subject of research into the evolution of human language.
Starlings are highly social, and associate in flocks that may include other species of starlings and sometimes species from other bird families.
Here’s an astonishing video taken by wildlife photographer Dylan Winter, of hundreds and hundreds of starlings flying in perfect coordination.
How do starlings fly in murmuratioins that number hundreds, even thousands of birds, turning and undulating in perfect formation of “all for one, and one for all”?
In other words, we don’t really know how starlings do it!
H/t my sis-in-law Shireen and FOTM’s swampygirl for the video.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 61.557213
Retrieved Text: Award-winning sci-fi novelist and essayist Walton shares her poetry, a play, and assorted short fiction, accompanied by lengthy insights about writing each work.
Walton’s diversity as a writer has been well-documented by many, and it’s on full display here ... If there is a running theme in this collection, it’s not genre-based, nor does it hinge on any specific style of storytelling. No, if there is a theme to be had, it is one of experimentation, which makes Starlings a particularly fascinating look at the process of writing itself ... Coupled with Walton’s frank self-assessments, the collection offers an incredible sense of intimacy. It’s the closest we’ll come to understanding how Jo Walton’s dizzying writer’s mind ticks along, and and how her imagination flows. It’s a rare opportunity, to peek in on the inventor in her workshop. Starlings is revelatory not only as a collection of fiction, but as a sort of biography of the process of writing itself. Fascinating.
The whole volume is an entertaining discussion with its author that equals, if not exceeds, the fiction and poetry and drama in the book ... I often disagreed with Walton’s assessment of her own work: I wanted to argue with her that 'Three Twilight Tales' is, in fact, good short fiction and not a poem, or that some of what she calls opening chapters to unwritten novels are very accomplished short stories as well. Eventually I found myself reading the stories less to see what happened and more to see what she had to say about them. Starlings

########
Rank: 16
Score: 61.31773
Retrieved Text: Originally Published: July 8, 2014 10:30 a.m.
TUBA CITY, Ariz. - The Tuba City Starlings volleyball team won the organization's national tournament, Starlings Nationals, in San Diego June 21-22 beating out 18 teams from across the United States to earn the title.
The Starlings 12 year old team played seven matches over the weekend and won all of them. Last year, the Starlings was runner up in the same tournament. The older team with 12- to 14-year-old players, were runners up this year, while the younger team with players from 8 to 12 years old, came in ninth.
Head coach April Clairmont said the difference between this year and last year was the leadership and skills that the players displayed and the length of time they have been playing together.
"Five of the girls who are on this current team have been playing together for three to four years with a handful coming up from the younger team," Clairmont said.
She also believes that starting the players early when they are eight and building their volleyball foundation is what helps put together winning teams.
"That is where I find my passion," Clairmont said. "I find my passion in starting them early and keeping them together and building the basic foundations for volleyball."
She also said that some players helped lead the team this year and were the reason the team did so well.
Jayda Chee came out hitting, blocked a couple of shots and jump served in a way that made everything fall together for the "Her leadership role has developed in such a

########
Rank: 17
Score: 61.052174
Retrieved Text: Nay, I will. That’s flat!
Forbad my tongue to speak of Mortimer.
The society, in the person of Eugene Schieffelin, released some 60 starlings (or starling pairs — Internet sources seem to disagree on the number) into Central Park in 1890 and '91, and by 1950 the starlings could be found from the Atlantic to the Pacific, all across the continent. So now Mr. Schieffelin is blamed for introducing Sturnus vulgaris into North America and therefore loosing what many now consider a nuisance bird across the country, 200 million strong.
When I first heard that starlings were an introduced species, I was told a tale that the birds had been brought over to be part of a theater production, and after the show closed, the birds were released in the park. I liked that story better, but now have to accept that most sources hold Mr. Schieffelin responsible.
So when many people think of starlings, they think of pest birds. But as I hope you'll see in this video, starlings are very often beautiful. They have personality, and watching the flocks fly can be so exciting.
Perhaps seeing this one starling, as I did on August 2 at Turtle Pond in Central Park, next to the berries the bird proceeded to chow down, will help you appreciate the beauty of this common bird.
A Starling Among the Berries is set to music by Chopin.
I will note, though, two things I have observed about starlings: First, they really love to take baths, so much so that I opened my video Bird Bath with

########
Rank: 18
Score: 60.758244
Retrieved Text: Though a regular sight above Brighton in East Sussex throughout the winter, the evening gathering of Common Starlings (Sturnus Vulgaris) is an occurrence of exceptional grace and beauty.
With varying degrees of abstraction, these images are intended to express the shifting and poetic amalgamation of Common Starlings, known as a murmuration, before they flock below Brighton’s East Pier to roost.
The flocks are estimated at reaching 40,000 at their peak in December and feed up to 20 or so miles from where they gather in the evening. The numbers of starlings in the UK are in sharp decline and are consequently Red Listed as a bird of conservation concern.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 60.575966
Retrieved Text: Many species are of economic importance as agricultural pests. Some, such as the European starling, occur in such numbers in cities that the uric acid from their droppings damages buildings and monuments. Some are considered hazardous to human health because of their large roosting congregations near or in human cities. Many help control insect pests; others help maintain forest tree-species diversity through dispersal of seeds. The ability of many starlings and mynas to mimic the human voice has made them particularly attractive in the cage-bird trade, but starlings and mynas are also often captured for food. A visit to the bird market in any Indonesian city will reveal many starlings and mynas available for small sums. A visit to even major hotels in Indonesia will also reveal burung burung on the menu—birds, including starlings and mynas, are regular fare.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 60.43867
Retrieved Text: Editorial Reviews. Review. "A must if you need a good identification guide to these birds The colour plates are excellent, as are the distribution maps and. Starlings and Mynas (Helm Identification Guides) | Adrian Craig, Chris Feare, Barry Croucher, Chris Shields | ISBN: | Kostenloser Versand für . A comprehensive illustrated guide to the Old World family of birds inthe HELM IDENTIFICATION series. The Indo-Malayan and Afro-tropicalvarieties are.
imacland.com: Starlings and Mynas (Helm Identification Guides) ( ) by Adrian Craig; Chris Feare; Barry Croucher and a great selection of. Starlings and Mynas (Helm Identification Guides) and a great selection of similar Used, New and Collectible Books available now at imacland.com London: Christopher Helm (A & C Black, Ltd.), pp. maps, 32 color plates. Helm Identification Guides. Introductory essay, species accounts with notes.
Results 1 - 8 of 8 STARLINGS AND MYNAS by Feare, Chris; Craig, Adrian. London: Christopher Helm, A & C Black. Fine in Fine dust jacket. 1st Edition. Buy Starlings and Mynas (Helm Identification Guides) by Chris Feare, Adrian Craig (ISBN: ) from Subbuteo Natural History Books - Specialists . Items 1 - 11 of 11 Helm Identification Guides at Pemberley Natural History Books. The Helm Guide to Bird Identification. by Vinicombe Starlings and Mynas. London: Helm, A comprehensive guide to the species of starlings and myna, the plates depict all species The species accounts cover all aspects of identification, together with a description of the species' ecology and behaviour . Find great deals for Starlings and Mynas (helm Identification Guides) Croucher Barry x. Shop with

########
Rank: 21
Score: 60.36144
Retrieved Text: Make the most of your bird feeding funds with the foods that birds prefer. You can also attract and feed the birds you want; while deterring starlings, grackles and squirrels that would otherwise dominate a feeder.
Each of our blends is selected to meet the regional and seasonal needs of our birds. Combine that with no shells and no fillers and you get the biggest bang for your bird feeding buck. Our unique No-Mess Blend Low Millet bird seed, pound-for-pound, is a better value. With its sunflower chips, hulled white millet and shelled peanuts, you do not pay for the weight and volume of shells or undesirable ingredients. The birds eat everything. No-Mess Blend Low Millet works great in hopper, tube and tray feeders and can be placed near flower beds, patios and decks.
Birds and mammals, like squirrels and rats, taste foods differently, especially Hot Pepper products. Birds cannot taste the "heat" associated with foods coated with pepper like cayenne or habanero. Mammals, with different taste receptors in their mouths, can. So birds can safely eat our Hot Pepper foods that the rodents will avoid giving you another way to offer good quality food that you know your birds will get to eat! Hot Pepper is available in Bark Butter, Suets and now in our new Fiery Feast seed blend.
Guard your bird food with an On-Guard™ cage for your feeders. The wire mesh is the right size to deny starlings, grackles and squirrels access to the precious bird food. Smaller birds are able to fly in through

########
Rank: 22
Score: 60.22935
Retrieved Text: Starlings nest in holes and cavities, especially in trees, but often use holes in buildings, including occupied houses.
They nest in loose colonies and do not establish and defend a proper territory - only the immediate area around the nesting cavity is defended. The whole colony feeds communally in what is termed a home range.
To attract a mate, the male builds the base of the nest from dry grass and leaves in a hole and sings from perches close to the nest entrance. The female completes the nest by making a nest cup and lining it with fine grasses, moss and feathers.
Starlings usually lay 4-6 eggs in mid-April. All birds within a colony start to lay eggs within a few days. The female does the majority of the incubation - the chicks hatch 12 days later.
Most failures are caused by infertility, and at the chick stage by starvation. Normally, only one brood is raised in a year, but if the first clutch is laid early and is successful, a second clutch may follow.
Only the female broods the chicks, although both parents feed them. They are fed entirely on insects and their larvae, spiders and earthworms for 12 days, after which the diet is more varied.
The young fledge when about three weeks old and are fed for a week or two until they are independent. Because the nests are in holes, they are protected from predators and many other dangers. As a result, more than 70 per cent of eggs laid produce fledged young.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 60.178284
Retrieved Text: Have starlings invaded your residential garden or commercial back yard?
Do they gather in huge flocks and chatter nosily, scaring away other birdlife that you like to watch?
Are starling feces making an unsightly mess of your building’s exterior or is their acidic urine even causing structural damage to the stone, wood or metal?
…and are experiencing problems with starlings and other types of bird and animal pests, Sande Wildlife Control is the pest removal company to call.
We are experts in effectively, efficiently and humanely removing starlings and other wildlife pests from human structures and relocating them back into the wild where they belong.
For more information, please call Sande Wildlife Control on 416-902-6249, or contact us online, or e-mail: st.wildlifecontrol@gmail.com.
Find out what previous clients think by checking out our reviews on Toronto’s local contractor’s webpage at www.homestars.com. We are proud to be rated 10/10 for our professional, humane and highly effective local wildlife removal services.
Why are starlings considered an urban menace in downtown Toronto and the GTA suburbs ?
Starlings are even more of an urban menace than sparrows because they are physically bigger and more muscular, make sizable nests that can block gutters and downspouts, causing considerable flooding and structural damage, and gather in even larger flocks that can number up to tens of thousands of birds if allowed to get out of control.
Flocks of starlings have been known to overwhelm urban premises where their feces accumulates on the buildings’ exterior – which is both unsightly and also provides a breeding ground for bacteria, fungus and other pathogens that

########
Rank: 24
Score: 59.691772
Retrieved Text: Bridges. We build them. We burn them. We travel across them to new destinations and we let them carry us home. We stand on them to stare at the awesomeness of water or to watch fireworks in the sky. If we are superstitious, we hold our breath as we cross.
I love bridges. I love to look at them, travel across them, stand on them and take pictures of them. I’m not sure if there is any significance of bridges in my personal life. I tend to look at things in-depth and over-analyze everything.
I had a rough morning, and for some reason, bridges popped in my head. My desktop is a picture of a glorious black train bridge (aren’t most train bridges black?) printed in black and white. Sometimes I honestly just sit and stare at my desktop for a good three minutes.
So after bridges popped in my head, I started thinking about why bridges popped in my head. I had just spent the morning on the front step with my coffee and cigarettes watching about forty starlings communicate in their “squeaky swing” chirps and sounds and I thought about how they were behaving as a group. I had some old crackers so I crunched ’em up and scattered them on the ground.
Granted, before my time with the starlings, I had just had an argument with someone who insisted on bashing me. This took me back to my computer to look up the starling animal totem, which is relevant to working in groups of people (starlings are

########
Rank: 25
Score: 59.647118
Retrieved Text: Home News Rome's starlings: kinetic artists or urban pests?
Rome's starlings: kinetic artists or urban pests?
Annual return of starlings is a nightmare for many Romans.
Like every year since 1925-26 they’re back. Four million by one count. Stormi di storni. Flocks of starlings. And with navigation skills to make Christopher Columbus seem amateur, “storm” is just what they do, above Euro Palasport, along Lungotevere, above Stazione Tiburtina and Piazzale della Radio to name four of their favourite haunts.
One minute these most highly-organised and gregarious of birds adorn the sunset, flexing their claim to be the planet’s most consummate kinetic artists, split-second Calders and Kandinskys, sky-scrapering Jackson Pollocks. (Strength in numbers: the bigger the flock, the more likely a member will locate any nearby predator and alert the others.) The next minute, like a supersize djinni back into his lamp, they are funnelling with pinpoint accuracy into a handful of trees which then start to throb beneath the weight. Dormitori collettivi, is the experts’ term – and how! At least as long as their leaves permit. Viale Trastevere’s planes are particularly overbooked, as in previous years, while the starlings have largely abandoned the Stazione Termini following the recent pruning of the area's ilex trees.
Arrival time is typically about half-an-hour before sunset. This is after a day’s gorging on insects, grains and even animal fodder, all over an area estimated as being as wide as 80 km. (Starlings are notoriously omnivorous; according to one study up to 5 per cent of Italy’s entire olive production disappears down their throats –

########
Rank: 26
Score: 59.292164
Retrieved Text: Bird B Gone Solar Bird Chase Super Sonic™ is a programmable outdoor sound deterrent used to deter birds from large open spaces. Birds hear on the same level of humans and do not hear ultrasonic noises. Solar Bird Chase Super Sonic™ features actual distress and predator calls of over 24 types of birds. These sounds are broadcast for two minutes in ten minute intervals to alert birds of danger. When birds hear these calls, their natural instinct is to flee the area. Solar Bird Chase Super Sonic™ is ideal for use in large open spaces where there is no access to a power source. Solar panels charge and store energy to keep the system operating during inclement weather. A built-in light sensor automatically powers down the deterrent when the sun goes down.
Solar Bird Chase Super Sonic™ includes a general setting to deter birds, and can also be specifically programmed to deter pigeons, crows, geese, seagulls, starlings, woodpeckers, grackles, and more! Unit offers coverage up to one acre.
General bird setting covers multiple bird species; unit can also be programmed specifically for pigeons, geese, crows, starlings, seagulls, woodpeckers, and more!

########
Rank: 27
Score: 59.263737
Retrieved Text: Have you ever witnessed a starling murmuration? I’m utterly hypnotised whenever I see a murmuration of starlings and, some may say, obsessed with documenting the behaviour of these gregarious birds as they flock to Blackpool in vast numbers to roost during the autumn and winter months.
Over the past eight years I’ve captured countless murmurations for my award-winning wildlife photography series Starlings Above, and now, with the starlings season already underway, I thought it was time to share a selection of my latest photos and video footage of starling murmurations in Blackpool.
You may remember that I created a short film entitled Murmurations which explores this amazing natural phenomenon through the medium of video which I captured with my beloved Canon EOS 5D Mark II.
This recent video clip of a starling murmuration at Blackpool’s North Pier is a sneak peak of what I’ve shot with the aim of remastering my murmurations video with new footage in the coming months.
The common starling is one of my favourite wildlife subjects to photograph. Their swarm behaviour creates complex and beautiful shapes silhouetted against the sky, a phenomenon called sort sol (“Black Sun”) in Denmark – where huge flocks of starlings can be observed over the seaward marshlands of Tønder and Esbjerg.
Here in Blackpool, the best place to see starling murmurations is North Pier. You can see them elsewhere on the Fylde coast, but if you want a vista full of starlings North Pier is definitely the place to go.
Since the beginning of November I’ve spent almost every weekend photographing starlings and,

########
Rank: 28
Score: 59.136913
Retrieved Text: It’s been a wet and windy couple of months in Cardiff, with the occasional flurry of snow and sleet to keep us on our toes. I’ve started to document the bird species which visit my garden, to try and see how I can help the biggest variety of species possible with the food I lay out, as well as creating habitats to suit them in my inner city garden.
Meet the star of the show, my bird feeder!
I got a great cheap little bird feeding station from Wilkos for a cheap price for the options it gives you to feed multiple types of birds. The starlings and smaller birds in my garden love hanging feeders with fat balls and seeds, which are able to be hooked on easily to the station. It also comes with a water bath, and a seed tray which I fill with various seed mixes and nuts. The pigeons and doves really appreciate these, and are often seen rooting through the mixes, kicking the rest onto the floor for the rest of the flock to hoover up off the grass.
At the back of my garden I have a small holly tree which I have a cage feeder which attracts smaller species who prefer a bit of privacy when grabbing a bite to eat, here I’ll often see sparrows skittishly checking to see if the coast is clear before diving in for a snack.
Whilst my feeder has been very busy, it’s been with only a handful of species; predominately European Starlings, but I also

########
Rank: 29
Score: 58.92921
Retrieved Text: This being February, we really can't justify doing much outside yet. But at the moment we have no snow (except for leftover rotten stuff edging shady areas), and it's hard not to think about spring activities.
...but if you look closely, you can see a fuzz of green grass showing up.
The Brussels sprouts I planted earlier are all popping up.
Cayennes take longer to sprout, so it doesn't surprise me that only two have poked up tiny spears so far.
We got a delivery of some tractor tires a couple days ago. More garden beds, whoo-hoo!
Speaking of the garden, the chickens have discovered how to get in. I don't mind at the moment, but they won't be allowed in when I have things planted. Meanwhile, though, they act like kids in a candy store.
...and one in the wall.
Goodness knows why these holes are here -- one of the many quirks of our house -- but needless to say they provided shelter for a variety of critters. The one under the eaves was used alternately by starlings or chickarees, both of which make for noisy houseguests. The hole in the wall was used exclusively by starlings over the years.
Already the starlings were starting the preliminary work in both holes to nest. Don decided to beat them to the punch and block the holes.
We're expecting snow flurries this weekend, but the trend is now upward, not downward for such things as day length, temperatures, etc. Signs of spring!
It's good you're patching those holes. We had mites in our bedroom once when

================



======= Instance Index 5340 =========
Input Text: If a description of a situation begins like this: [header] How to use tinted moisturizer [title] Distinguish between tinted moisturizer and foundation. [step] Tinted moisturizer and foundation are both water-based products that contain moisturizing agents, oil, and pigment (to give some coverage). But, tinted moisturizers contain more moisturizing agents than foundation and generally offer lighter coverage.... Then how
does it continue? 

Ending 1: [substeps] Depending on the makeup line, tinted moisturizers and foundations can be almost indistinguishable so you'll need to experiment with products. Tinted moisturizers come in a bunch of different formulas, so look for one that is right for you.

Ending 2: The foundation is usually made with synthetic materials, like cotton or linen. Foundations also tend to come in a range of shades, such as creams, pastels, and earth tones.

Ending 3: [substeps] Tinted moisturizers are usually applied over the face and naturally look less surface-like than foundation. Foundation comes in both water-based and oil-based types.

Ending 4: Apply your tinted moisturizer or foundation to your face instead. [substeps] Tinted moisturizers provide the most coverage, but they tend to dry out most of the time.

Target Text: Ending 1

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 98.720436
Retrieved Text: Tinted Moisturizers: Which Ones Are the Best?
Reader: I like the idea of tinted moisturizers, but I still haven't found one I like. What are some good tinted moisturizers and how can I use them with makeup?
I used to think that tinted moisturizers were for those lucky few women who have no undereye circles and sprout maybe one pimple within a calendar year. The rest of us mere mortals must need more coverage than that. Of course, this was back when tinted moisturizers were a new trend and the formulations weren't quite as well-developed as they are today. In fact, even with my dry patches and redness issues, I use tinted moisturizer frequently.
Today, the term "tinted moisturizer" can cover a broad range of products, from "moisturizer with flesh tint" to "just shy of full-out foundation." The common denominator, however, is that they all manage to even out skin tone and hide minor blemishes while maintaining their light, breathable feel. While you may want to stick with foundation for those moments when you have to look impressive, try tinted moisturizers for everyday settings and casual outings.
Have a fairly even complexion? Stick with a basic formula that offers very sheer coverage. If you have oily skin, try CoverGirl Smoothers, an oil-free tinted moisturizer with SPF 15. If your skin is on the sensitive side, Kiehl's Ultra Facial Tinted Moisturizer also boasts SPF 15 and it contains chamomile, a skin-soothing ingredient.
For those with drier skin, stick with a slightly heavier formula that offers extra hydrating benefits. Neutrogena Healthy Skin Enhancers

########
Rank: 1
Score: 98.00797
Retrieved Text: Moisturizers are great for avoiding skin dryness, eliminating wrinkles, fine lines, and acne breakouts. Moreover, it can help you in obtaining an even skin tone. They are perfect for individuals who love doing outdoor sports activities since they can secure your skin from sunlight. The UV rays from the sun can cause skin dryness and skin damage. Utilizing the best moisturizer that’s appropriate for your skin can help in preventing different varieties of skin problems. On the other hand, tinted moisturizer is a unique kind of moisturizer that has a lighter texture compared to liquid foundation. It is particularly designed for people who do not have good skin complexion. Additionally, a tinted moisturizer conceals flaws and various skin defects on your face. A tinted moisturizer is a must have for summer.
A decent tinted moisturizer is your best friend if your time is restricted. In case you’re looking for items that can accelerate your morning beauty regimen then you certainly need to add a tinted moisturizer to your cosmetics collection in the event that you haven’t as of now. Ultimately, this is a multi-purpose beauty product that is a combination of moisturizer and foundation. This can help you in getting rid of those tedious layering, so you can leave your house in an instant.
If you’re hunting for the ideal tinted moisturizer then it should be something that will soothe your skin and keep it hydrated all the time. Nevertheless, you also need some additional shading, particularly for those days when you don’t like to wear too many

########
Rank: 2
Score: 95.81122
Retrieved Text: Here we go with something I've never tried before - a BB cream! I've always used a tinted moisturizer...and I actually thought BB creams and tinted moisturizers were pretty much the same thing. They are not at all! I spotted this post over at Musings of a Muse, and it's very helpful! The BB cream I have to talk about is Hydroxatone Anti-Aging BB Cream in medium.
I received this product from the iFabbo store, and I decided to test it out for a while, seeing as how I had never tried a BB cream. I found it vastly different than the tinted moisturizer I was so accustomed to wearing :) This functions as a foundation, moisturizer, concealer and sunblock. I don't know about you, but I'm a fan of multi-functioning products!
In my experience, this BB cream is thicker than the tinted moisturizer I use (and for the record I use an Olay one), but it's not thick, persay. It still manages to be light and airy feeling, and the scent is very pleasant and not overbearing - one of my dealbreakers with makeup. If the scent left behind is too strong, it's a no-no for me.
As you can see between the two pictures, it did decrease the appearance of fine lines on my hand. The color suits my skin fairly well. I can't say I will wear this every day, but it is a welcome departure from the tinted moisturizer.
This product is available in 5 different skintones at Ulta for $39.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 95.326775
Retrieved Text: Summer beauty is all about dewy skin (See: Ashley Graham's radiant complexion), yet the matte formulas of many foundations can easily get in the way of your glow.
During the warmer months, many put down their powder-like foundations and opt for products that are hydrating, lighter and contain SPF—all of which will keep you cool, glowing and fresh when it's hot. For many celebrities that are required to wear heavy makeup on set and the red carpet, lighter skin makeup is preferred when they're off duty.
"When I'm not working, I just do my best to keep it really simple," Kate Mara told E! News, before sharing her love for tinted moisturizer. "It's better for your skin that way."
If you want to wear something lighter than a powder or liquid foundation during the summer, you have three options: tinted moisturizer, BB cream and CC cream. Tinted moisturizers are the lightest and most sheer of the three. BB cream is also light, but has more pigment. And, CC cream (a.k.a. color-correcting cream) is going to be more opaque, covering up dark circles and scars more effectively.
Ready to glow? Check out the products that celebrities use instead of foundation below!
"In the summer, I prefer a tinted moisturizer by Laura Mercier, and I tend to eat more fruit, hardy salads—and coconut sorbet, which I love," the star told Vogue.
According to Kate's Instagram, "This is SUCH a great tinted glow element when you want or have a bit of a tan. Super natural & unisex!"
"I don't want people to say, 'Your makeup

########
Rank: 4
Score: 94.04593
Retrieved Text: Tinted Moisturizer is an exceptional fluid foundation in an elegant dispenser bottle. This unusually gentle foundation, with its translucent effects, produces a fresh and natural impression. It enables picture-lovely results on the catwalk – and also for applications with photography and film. Tinted Moisturizer users are particularly fond of its pleasant feeling and its comfort on their skin.
• recommended for: gentle foundation with its translucent effects, Perfect for use on the body to even out skin tone for editorial shoots and fashion shows.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 93.85076
Retrieved Text: Few things make you feel better about your spending habits and your "makeup rehab" progress than buying just two items and spending under $60 at a Sephora sale. While very few products tickled my fancy, I was definitely looking forward to testing out the NARS Pure Radiant Tinted Moisturizer. Admittedly, I haven't had much luck with NARS formulas, but I've heard nothing but raves for this sheer foundation.
The NARS Pure Radiant Tinted Moisturizer will run you $45 for 1.9oz. Yes, that's bigger than the standard 1oz tube, but you'll want to use almost 1/4 teaspoon of this product to get the listed SPF30 and some coverage, so you'll go through it faster. I've always been a fan of NARS's simple, sleek packaging, and this black squeeze tube is no different.
Natural light on top, flash on the bottom. From left to right: Buxom Show Some Skin Foundation in Tickle the Ivory, NARS Pure Radiant Tinted Moisturizer in Finland, NARS Radiant Creamy Concealer in Chantilly, Sephora Bright Future Gel Serum Concealer in 03 Fondant.
I went for the lightest shade in the range, Finland, which is listed as the palest shade with yellow undertones. I think the undertones look a bit peachy, and it's closer to NC15 than my usual base product choices, but it was workable for me. I'm more disappointed by the darker end of the range: there are only a couple of deep shades, and the gaps between them are pretty big. Given the shade ranges on their more recent launches, I know NARS can do

########
Rank: 6
Score: 93.850426
Retrieved Text: I used to think summer meant trying to cover acne after filling my pores full of heavy foundation. Let’s face it, standard foundation is not meant for sweating out in the summer sun. You need something light weight that still provides excellent coverage and keeps your skin safe from UV rays. The answer that I’m constantly talking about is tinted moisturizer. Consider it your ultimate summer foundation solution.
Okay, so it may seem like I’m being greedy, but it’s my face so I should get to be picky about what I put on it. Don’t settle.
For a budget friendly buy, I recommend either Olay Total Effects 7-in-1 Tone Correcting UV Moisturizer or Neutrogena Healthy Skin Enhancer. They’re low cost and even help fight the signs of aging.
I do like Laura Mercier Tinted Moisturizer SPF 20 from Sephora as a higher priced alternative as it comes in seven shades and gives me extra protection from the sun. However, for more coverage, Korres Watermelon Lightweight Tinted Moisturizer SPF 30 features not only watermelon extract, but buildable coverage without killing my pores. Both are around $30-$40, but well worth it.
I have been wanting to try the Jouer one! I always forget though! I need to add this to my list!
You have some fantastic picks and I agree with all of them, especially NARS and LM. Great post!
Luckily with all of the brands out there you can afford to be very picky with what goes on your face! Your picks are awesome, NARS is one of my faves also!
Everyone is talking

########
Rank: 7
Score: 93.76789
Retrieved Text: RETIRE IN STYLE BLOG: Makeup Tip of the Week...Tinted Moisturizer My Way!
Makeup Tip of the Week...Tinted Moisturizer My Way!
Este Lauder Youth Dew? I need some of that!
Do you wear makeup every day? I was just a little surprised at the question. Really, I didn't think of my morning routine as "putting on make-up". I have used a trick for years to arrive at the final destination in the face reconstruction part of my day. I did not even realize that it made my face look a little made up...in a good way!
I discovered early on that makeup was very expensive. Cheap cosmetics did not give good results and actually made my skin feel creepy and dirty. So I began buying very expensive "foundation" as they so logically call that stuff with the color in it. I have used Este Lauder with good results for several years. The bottle of makeup you see at the right is such a good deal compared to what I pay at the local department store...wow!
I know, you can now buy tinted moisturizer from vendors. But I prefer to do it my way. Now here is the trick...buy the moisturizer you would normally buy. In the morning put a very small squirt of the makeup in your hand the with your moisturizer and mix them together. I think an all natural skin care product is a good choice for both the foundation and the moisturizer. Remember, just enough makeup to tint the lotion. You can use less or more depending on how

########
Rank: 8
Score: 93.57045
Retrieved Text: Now that winter has released its deathly grip on the Northeast, it's time to get serious about spring and summer beauty routines. In addition to evaluating my wardrobe, I like to take some time to re-evaluate my skin and hair-care products and routines.
Warmer weather always means less is more in terms of makeup. But since I don't like to spend a whole lot of time in direct sunlight, I am forced to choose another alternative to a sun-kissed glow. While bronzers do the trick for many, my skin is too fair because most bronzers are too dark.
My go-to item for glowing skin? Tinted moisturizer. I absolutely love tinted moisturizers. For me, they serve as moisturizer and foundation all rolled into one bottle. Because I suffer from rosacea, I need a base color on top of moisturizer to even out my skin tone. Because using foundation plus moisturizer is too heavy in the summer, I rely on a tinted moisturizer for a non-cakey, light touch of color and hydration.
I swear by my Hope In A Jar moisturizer. So when I learned that Philosophy made a tinted moisturizer, I had to try it. Available in 8 shades, it is lightweight and offers sheer color. It has a 20 SPF which is one of the highest I've seen in a tinted moisturizer.
Available at QVC.com and Sephora.
Ever since I began wearing makeup, I've been a fan of Clinique products, especially the cleansers and moisturizers. The Moisture Sheer Tint is an oil-free moisturizer with a hint of color. It is available

########
Rank: 9
Score: 92.76111
Retrieved Text: One notch up from a tinted moisturizer but not quite to foundation level, Dior's Skin Tint delivers a veil of natural luminosity that had my colleague remarking, “you look glowy”.
I've been on a tinted moisturizer hunt for ages. Of course there are plenty on the market, but some are too watery, some too thick, some too sunscreen-y (all hail SPF, but I could do without the smell). This one, in my opinion, is just right. On a transparency scale, it's pretty concentrated, so a little goes a long way—treat it more like a foundation to even out skin tone (I use another moisturizer before for optimum hydration) and you're good to go.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 92.34743
Retrieved Text: Tinted Moisturizer is not anything new, I’m sure a lot of you already use one. But I have spent years looking for one that provides enough coverage, yet is easy to put on when I’m in a rush (or just looking for some minimal weekend makeup). I finally found one I like: Clinique’s Moisture Surge Tinted Moisturizer Broad Spectrum.
Back in August, I stopped by Clinique to pick up some new foundation and received their awesome Bonus gift (I could do a whole Loving Lately post on the Bonus gifts, because they are always awesome!). In the gift was a very generous sample size of the Moisture Surge. I added this product to my Saturday morning makeup routine and I don’t think I’m ever going back! Unlike other tinted moisturizers I've tried, this one provides lots of coverage and it lasts. Normally I feel like the other ones only last about 30 minutes before they just disappear. Clinique’s Moisture Surge is a great substitution to my workday foundation and powder; its super light, goes on my face very quickly (I really just spread it on like regular moisturizer) and offers the full coverage that I am looking for. I love this product!
So thank you Clinique for offering great products and amazing Bonus gifts!
I haven't tried this tinted moisturizer yet but it sounds great for me! Ill have to check it out!

########
Rank: 11
Score: 92.29405
Retrieved Text: Laura Mercier Tinted Moisturizer is a sheer, lightweight formula that moisturizes the skin while adding a smooth, healthy glow to your complexion leaving a natural, dewy finish. Providing SPF 20 protection from the harmful, damaging rays of the sun, Tinted Moisturizer features an antioxidant vitamin complex that acts a free radical scavenger to protect the skin from even the most aggressive effects of the environment.
Perfect for all skin types, Tinted Moisturizer is extremely long-wearing and remains colour true. Mix with your favorite Laura Mercier Foundation to add SPF protection.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 92.239265
Retrieved Text: On busy mornings, it’s not always possible to complete every single step of a lengthy beauty routine. That’s where multitasking products come in. Since you should be using a moisturizer and a sunscreen every day, why not combine the two? What if you took it a step further and added a hint of color for a fresh-faced look? If it sounds like we just described the perfect product to simplify your morning beauty routine, then let us introduce you these tinted moisturizers with SPF. Tinted moisturizers are great for getting a glowy complexion that looks like your skin but brighter and more even. Whether you go for a laidback and natural beauty look or you’d rather use tinted moisturizer as a base for heavier makeup, these tinted moisturizers with SPF are the way to go. These are the best moisturizers with SPF that combine sun protection, subtle tint and coverage, and even anti-aging and protective benefits. Tinted moisturizers with SPF are the ultimate multitaskers that will streamline your summer beauty routine.
If you’re shopping for tinted moisturizer, Laura Mercier’s are the original and the best. The award winning formula is full of protective skincare favorites like antioxidant vitamins C and E and of course, SPF 20. You’ll be obsessed with this lightweight moisturizer that also has an oil-free version.
Soothing chamomile, antioxidants, and vitamins A, C, and E make this oil-free, vegan formula incredible for your skin. Including sunscreen in the mix further seals this creamy moisturizer’s status as a keeper.
If you’re looking for light coverage, we found

########
Rank: 13
Score: 92.0471
Retrieved Text: No one can deny how vibrant and appealing bright colors are this season. Captivating the second you lay eyes on them, bright colors will diversify your wardrobe and add pops of color into your life! It can be a bit risky, especially when attempting to color-block, but the outcome is fabulous and beautiful!
Sometime in April, I went to Bobbi Brown’s counter to see what their tinted moisturizer was like (as I had heard great things about it). Of course I left with more than just the tinted moisturizer. First, I purchased the SPF 15 Tinted Moisturizer in Medium Tint, which gives almost a medium coverage. I thought that the coverage would be much less, but I actually prefer the amount of coverage it gives me. Personally, I do not like wearing foundation, so I thought a tinted moisturizer would be the perfect selection for me. Along with the tinted moisturizer, I purchased the Creamy Concealer Duo, which comes with a Creamy Concealer and a Sheer Finish Pressed Powder. My color is in Warm Beige and I really love this product! The coverage is great for my dark under-eye circles and even my acne scars. I would recommend both products to people who are looking for a tinted moisturizer and concealer! These products are a bit pricey: $40 for the Tinted Moisturizer and $32 for the Creamy Concealer Duo. But Bobbi Brown is a higher end cosmetic line and as I always tell my mother, “When it comes to your face and hair, you have to spend

########
Rank: 14
Score: 91.86424
Retrieved Text: I am using the 3-in-1 matte effect sunscreen for almost 2 years now and that made me fall head over heels with Lotus Herbals and when I spotted this tinted moisturizer from Lotus, I went (read run) to the counter to see the shades and the details. I am not much into foundation, but I hate stepping out without a tinted moisturizer, so I knew I needed this. 😛 Read on further to know my opinion about it.
Rs. 475 for 50 ml.
A lightweight tinted moisturizer which provides a hint of skin perfecting colour with just enough coverage to hide the appearance of imperfection. Use any time of the day, be it morning before applying makeup or evening after removing makeup to achieve a polished look while keeping the skin hydrated day long.
After cleansing face, and toning, apply this tinted moisturizer lavishly all over neck and face. After application, use foundation for a flawless look.
Extracts of calendula, hibiscus and aloe vera.
This tinted moisturizer comes in a pump style glass bottle. The nozzle is covered with a cap unlike that of the Pure Stay foundation. I found the packaging very cute except the glass bottle; I just hope it never falls. I liked the packaging otherwise. There are three shades available – Bright Angel, Fresh Ivory, Hazelnut Star – Fresh Ivory suited me the best.
I found the texture creamy and thicker than the 3-in-1 matte lotus sunscreen, but still it spreads easily and blends like a dream. It hydrates my skin superbly and gives me a dewy finish.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 91.51269
Retrieved Text: Is Makeup With Sunscreen Enough to Protect Your Skin?
Many foundations and powders contain sunscreen, but is it enough for daily protection?
You want to prevent wrinkles and skin cancer, so you are dedicated to wearing sunscreen. But coverage looks shiny or chalky, especially under makeup.
Many foundations and other makeup products offer a built-in sun protection factor (SPF). Is that your smartest beauty solution? Dermatologist Leslie Baumann, MD, says giving in to that temptation would be a mistake.
"Makeup does not provide enough coverage," she says. "You need seven times the normal amount of foundation and 14 times the normal amount of powder to get the sun protection factor on the label. No one does this."
So can you marry makeup and sunscreen in your routine and still look good? Yes, if you follow these steps.
1. Select the proper sunscreen.
Before you step in front of the bathroom mirror, find a sunscreen that offers enough protection. The Skin Cancer Foundation advises people to use a moisturizer containing broad-spectrum sunscreen (which means it blocks both UVA and UVB rays) with an SPF rating of at least 15. Ingredients such as zinc oxide, avobenzone (Parsol 1789) or ecamsule (Mexoryl), combined with octocrylene and avobenzone work best with makeup and provide broad spectrum sun protection.
Baumann says to layer a physical sunscreen, such as Aveeno Ultra-Calming Daily Moisturizer SPF 15, with a chemical sunscreen (either Topix Glycolix Elite Sunscreen SPF 30 or Blue Lizard Australian Sunscreen Sensitive Skin SPF 30), to block most of the sun’s rays.
Tina Turnbow, makeup artist, advises using a natural moisturizer,

########
Rank: 16
Score: 91.120285
Retrieved Text: what to look for in tinted moisturizer?Let's see the 3 best tinted moisturizer !
which tinted moisturizer is the best?Let's see the 3 top tinted moisturizer !
which tinted moisturizer is good?Let's see the 3 top tinted moisturizer !
which tinted moisturizer is the best?Let's see the 3 best tinted moisturizer !
what is a good tinted moisturizer?Let's see the 3 top tinted moisturizer !

########
Rank: 17
Score: 90.66571
Retrieved Text: Revision Skincare Intellishade SPF 45 is a 4-in-1 product for all skin types. Along with broad spectrum protection against UV rays, this item also works as your moisturizer, anti-aging product and foundation makeup. The medium-coverage formula of this sunscreen moisturizer hides the appearance of discoloration, redness, large pores and dark spots for a more even tone. This Revision tinted moisturizer also contains peptides and other anti-aging ingredients that minimize fine lines and wrinkles for a smooth texture and youthful look. The hydrating formula of this Revision tinted moisturizer goes on smoothly to create an even canvas for makeup. One application of this product in the mornings and you’re ready to go.
Revision Skincare Intellishade Tinted Moisturizer SPF 45 Matte provides medium coverage and broad spectrum sun protection. This hybrid product acts as a sunscreen, moisturizer, anti-aging treatment and foundation makeup all in one. It hydrates while minimizing skin flaws with a lightweight, tinted formula. The sheer color works to match any tone for a beautifully matte finish. Conceal, correct and protect your skin with this tinted moisturizer.
A 100% all‐mineral lotion with over 20 age‐defying, skin-beneficial ingredients that have been specially selected to correct, protect, conceal, brighten and hydrate your skin on the daily. Universal tint that blends with all skin tones to leave you with a natural, healthy look.
Revision Skincare Intellishade SPF 45 is a 4-in-1 product for all skin types. Along with broad spectrum protection against UV rays, this item also works as your moisturizer, anti-aging product and foundation makeup. The medium-coverage formula of this sunscreen

########
Rank: 18
Score: 90.52279
Retrieved Text: Save for my wedding day, I’ve never worn foundation. Instead, I’ve always opted for clean tinted moisturizers. I prefer having something that is lighter and doesn't weigh my skin down with a caked, heavy feeling. Plus, in the off chance I forget (or don’t have time) to apply moisturizer and/or sunscreen, it’s nice knowing I have a product that’s pulling triple duty for me.
Since I’ve pretty much only ever worn tinted moisturizer as my base, you can say I’ve had a few years to test out different products, and I have to say, the clean/natural options have definitely come a long way, not to mention there are so many more to choose from these days. The four listed below are the only ones I’ve tried over the past four years, listed in order of cost (from least to most expensive), along with my honest, no non-sense, #notsponsored reviews.
VERDICT: Since this product is so light and fluid, it’s easy to wear, but provides almost no coverage. while I know this isn’t meant to be a full on foundation, I still need my tinted moisturizer to provide something for me, especially if I’m paying $42 for it. Also, it smells a bit chalky/paint-like (at least to me). While I love most Ilia products, this is one I won’t be buying again.However, if you’re looking for something that’s super sheer + light, this product would be a great option.
VERDICT: I adored this tinted moisturizer so much, from the look + feel to the smell + the coverage it provided.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 89.94921
Retrieved Text: If you are looking for alternatives to the best makeup foundations of 2017, then this list of BB Creams, CC Creams, and Tinted Moisturizers might be right up your alley! Tinted moisturizers provide sheer coverage with light pigment and usually offers SPF protection. BB Creams are “Beauty Balms” or “Blemish Balms”. BB Creams are tinted moisturizers with skin boosting ingredients. BB Creams prime your skin, blur imperfections and can fight signs of aging. CC Creams are “Color Correcting” and are like BB Creams but have more pigment and the added benefit of covering up any discolorations (like dark spots, redness, etc).
Now that you know the difference between tinted moisturizers, BB creams, and CC Creams, check out the top products below!
Good Housekeeping‘s award-winning Almay Smart Shade CC Cream is the perfect marriage of lightweight plus clarity enhancing skin care for beautiful coverage now and beautiful skin later. This lightweight formula instantly covers imperfections flawlessly and corrects discolorations. Over time Almay’s Smart Shade brightens and evens your natural skin tone while preventing future damage with SPF 35.
Allure‘s award-winning Bare Minerals Complexion Rescue Tinted Hydrating Gel Cream packs a powerful punch as a moisturizer, foundation, and SPF, all in one. This mighty little mineral makeup tube provides the wonderfully hydrating benefits of both BB cream and CC cream with powerful broad spectrum SPF 30 to reveal a naturally radiant finish that’s always photo-ready.
Estee Lauder Daywear Anti-Oxidant Beauty Benefit BB Creme is yet another Good Housekeeping award winner. Estee Lauder’s BB Creme offers all-in-one moisture, protection, and flawless perfection. This

########
Rank: 20
Score: 89.44481
Retrieved Text: Note: The packaging lists this product as "Bamboo Blur Tinted Moisturizer." We've changed the website name to "Bamboo Blur Matte Makeup" to better describe the coverage and finish.
*note: Our Bamboo Blur Matte Makeup dries 1-2 shades deeper.
Hydrating, lightweight coverage from aloe and natural fruit pigments make for a perfectly wearable, natural tinted moisturizer. Skin nourishing ingredients like pomegranate and avocado seed oil provide antioxidants and moisture, while purely natural bamboo silica diffuses pores, smoothes fine lines, and creates a divinely soft-focused look. Read more about Bamboo Blur Matte Makeup and why it might be the foundation for you.
PRO TIP: Apply with Makeup Blender or Cruelty Free Flat Kabuki Brush F40. Lightly set this tinted moisturizer with a small amount of Bamboo Blur Powder for a delicate, airbrush style finish.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 89.04321
Retrieved Text: Today NARS is launching their new Velvet Matte Skin Tint ($44 for 1.7 oz/50 ml). I am a huge fan of NARS foundations and face products and this new one is quite amazing. Long time Beauty Look Book readers know that I adore the Pure Radiant Tinted Moisturizer because it’s not like a traditional tinted moisturizer but more of a natural looking skin tint that offers medium buildable coverage with a slightly dewy sheen. Anytime someone asks me for a recommendation on a natural foundation, the NARS Pure Radiant Tinted Moisturizer is the first one on my list, but many of my friends are hesitant to try it because they think it will be too dewy for their normal/combo to oily skin (I still think it’s suitable for oily skin). Well the new Velvet Matte Skin Tint offers the same kind of beautiful medium buildable coverage and natural finish – but without any glow and with a slightly velvety matte finish.
The Velvet Matte Skin Tint (oil-free) comes with broad spectrum SPF 30 just like the Pure Radiant Tinted Moisturizer. The texture is similar in that it’s easy blend, applies smoothly, covers redness and evens out the skin. It dries to a velvety finish without looking flat or too dry like the name matte often implies. It’s like skin but better and on me it’s lasted an impressive amount of time. All day without separating, fading or creasing. Coverage is medium – enough to even out the skintone but not too heavy. It allows your skin to

########
Rank: 22
Score: 88.22235
Retrieved Text: Some day’s it’s just too hot to wear makeup. If you’re like me, and you hate going outside without looking your absolute best, here are some ways to keep your skin looking flawless while avoiding a makeup meltdown.
1. Keep your skin hydrated & wear SPF!
– Many tinted moisturizers come with SPF’s already in them. If you can’t find the perfect tinted moisturizer that meets your needs, make your own by taking one part of your favorite foundation and mix it with two parts of your favorite moisturizer that contains an SPF of 15 or higher.
I currently use Artistry’s Tinted Moisturizer SPF15 -#8, which works perfectly for my combination skin.
I first use a sponge to blot on some SmashBox Photo Finish Primer onto my T-Zone (it helps lessen the oil throughout the day), then I apply the tinted moisturizer on top. For better application & even coverage, use a brush (MAC’s 187 Stippling brush works well for this & pactically everything).
Which reminds me, I have to pick-up the Givenchy Mister Mat Primer for oily skin to see if it’s better than Smash Box. $30 at Sephora. 2. Foundation – If you must use foundation, use a light powder foundation. Heat tends to make your foundation melt, and “slide” of the skin.
3. Apply some blush/bronzer. If you’re a darker skintone like me, apply your blush 1st then the bronzer or else the bronzer will make your face look dirty. Bronzers don’t usually show too well on darker skinned people so I use Format Blush by Mac along with

########
Rank: 23
Score: 88.17906
Retrieved Text: This is my first Bobbi Brown product and it's not really even mine. I told my mom how much I loved my Body Shop BB Cream (read my review here) so she was looking for one for herself. She went to SMETS in Brussels and got the Bobbi Brown Tinted Moisturizer. The woman working there told her she needed to use her daily moisturizer before using the Bobbi Brown which is quite disappointing because the goal was to avoid using moisturizer + another product. Anyway, my mom didn't want to keep the product so she gave it to me.
I've heard so much about Bobbi Brown products and have always wanted to try some of their stuff. I'm still very happy with my Body Shop BB Cream so I'm not trying to replace it, I just want to compare the two products.
Because I didn't buy it myself, I didn't choose the colour for the Bobbi Brown cream but my mom got the "Light Tint". I thought the colour would be lighter than my skin tone but it's not at all. It's actually much darker so I would probably use this more in the summer than in winter. My Body Shop BB Cream is colour n°1 which is the lightest and it's just a little bit darker than my skin tone but I love it.
The first difference I noticed between the two products is the colour and the texture of the cream. The Body Shop BB cream is white with small pigment micro beads (hard to tell on

########
Rank: 24
Score: 88.015854
Retrieved Text: Ageless Derma Age Defense Tinted Moisturizer BB Cream is the only anti-aging cream you will need to moisturize, protect and beautify your skin simultaneously. This is a versatile hybrid cream you can use from now on to provide you with flawless complexion coverage – no makeup necessary – and amazing skin anti-aging results. The added hydration will make skin feel silky and wonderful, too.
With this hardworking Age Defense Tinted Moisturizer Cream, you get a cosmetic, moisturizer and anti-aging product all in one. Part skin care aid, part makeup, the Ageless Derma Age Defense Tinted Moisturizer BB Cream will give you unsurpassed skin protection against premature skin aging and hyperpigmentation or age spots. Your skin will be hydrated and protected with light, sheer radiant coverage.
Why bother using thick concealing foundation makeups when you can have a flawless complexion that looks natural, as though you’re wearing no makeup at all, and helps your skin become more youthful looking at the same time?
Water (Aqua), Ethylhexyl Methoxycinnamate, Ethylhexyl Salicylate, Benzophenone-3, Glyceryl, Stearate, Glycerin, Butylene Glycol, PEG-40 Stearate, Plymethylsilsesquioxane, Phenoxyethanol, Dimethicone, Phenyl Trimethicone, Squalane, Cetyl Alcohol, Lecithin, Octyldodecyl Stearoyl Stearate, Xanthan Gum, Chlorphenesin, Sodium Dehydroacetate, Stearic Acid, Ammonium Acryloyldimethyltaurate/VP Copolymer, Aluminum, Hydroxide, Tocopheryl Acetate, Silica, Sodium PCA, Laminaria Saccharina Extract, Caffeine, Aloe Barbadensis, Leaf Extract, Allantoin, Cucumis Sativus (Cucumber) Fruit Extract, Disodium EDTA. May contain: Iron Oxides, Titanium Dioxide.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 87.852615
Retrieved Text: There are some mornings when makeup just isn't necessary or I have no time for it. In my book makeup or no makeup -- there are no excuses not to look as glam as possible. For those days it’s best to dab some tinted moisturizer on.
Revision Skincare’s tinted moisturizer, Intellishade Matte, is perfect for all skin types. It literally blends to all skin tones as if it were designed just for you. My skin gets a little oily throughout the hotter days, and by the end of the night I'm dying to take my makeup off. Instead of using foundation I started applying Intellishade underneath my makeup. The matte finish was perfect! It gave me that 'natural makeup look' without actually having to apply any makeup. Intellishade kept my makeup on longer, and kept the shine under control.
No matter what your skin type or shade is, this moisturizer adds that little boost of color and coverage we all need. Most importantly it has an SPF 45. Protecting your skin is the key to keeping it looking healthy and beautiful. With this moisturizer you get both the protection and the coverage necessary.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 87.8236
Retrieved Text: Borghese Summer Glow SPF 20 Tinted Moisturizer 1.2oz - is currently on backorder. You may still purchase now though and we'll ship as soon as more become available.
Borghese Summer Glow SPF 20 Tinted Moisturizer is treatment and beauty all in one easy to use product. Designed to kiss your skin with beautiful summer color, Borghese Summer Glow SPF 20 Tinted Moisturizer is designed to treat you to a beautiful and flawless finish. With each use skin will be nourished and treated as it is shielded from the harmful effects of UVA and UVB rays.
Borghese Summer Glow SPF 20 Tinted Moisturizer is appropriate for use on all skin types.
Gently smooth a thin layer of Borghese Summer Glow SPF 20 Tinted Moisturizer onto freshly cleaned skin of the face and neck.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 87.411385
Retrieved Text: Looking for the best tinted moisturizer? The search is now over!
Are you looking for the best tinted moisturizer? The search is now over! We have the the best tinted moisturizer for oily skin and the best tinted moisturizer for dry skin. Discover your new favourite tinted moisturizers with SPF today!

########
Rank: 28
Score: 87.18431
Retrieved Text: Enjoy sun-kissed skin all year round with this 15 seconds to Endless Summer Skin kit by Perricone MD. Upon application of the Face Finishing Moisturizer Tint, unique pigment capsules disperse forming a perfect 'hint of tint' while the antioxidant formulation firms, tones and brightens the complexion. Perfect your look with the No Bronzer Bronzer to define and enhance natural facial contours.
Previously named Face Finishing & Firming Tinted Moisturizer Tint, this Perricone MD product is still the same fast-absorbing, oil-free, tinted moisturiser with SPF delivers powerful antioxidant benefits that help minimise the appearance of wrinkles and imperfections. Our unique tinted face moisturiser deeply hydrates for silky smooth, supple skin, while a mineral-based SPF 30 protects skin from harmful UVA and UVB rays.
Scientifically formulated with Vitamin C Ester, No Makeup Bronzer helps to instantly brighten skin while diffusing visible imperfections and sun damage. Designed to deliver a warm, elegant glow through a universal shade that mimics healthy skin pigment. No Bronzer Bronzer is also a contouring serum that can be used to accentuate definition as well as mixed with No Foundation Foundation to personalize color.
• Tint adjusts to individual skin tone to reveal a naturally healthy radiance.
• Non-chemical, mineral-based SPF30 with Titanium Dioxide protects from UVA and UVB exposure.
Dr. Perricone recommends applying the Face Finishing & Firming Tinted Moisturizer Broad Spectrum SPF 30 liberally in the morning. Follow with the No Makeup Bronzer, placing 1-2 drops across facial contours.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 86.46434
Retrieved Text: A few posts ago I posted a little product info on Marcelle's new BB Cream. I was lucky enough get sent a tube of it before its official launch. I've been using it for about 2 weeks now every single day.
After more than two weeks of using it I can say I truly love it. I use it the same way I always used a tinted moisturizer and love the constancy and coverage.
If I do plan on wearing a foundation, it makes a great primer with the added benefit of good base of colour and it completely evens out my skin before the foundation. This means I need less foundation, or simply just bit of concealer.
after skin. only bb cream on face.
no foundation, no concealer, no power.
there is lipstick, eyeliner and mascara.
For the most part it has been used instead of my moisturizer and tinted moisturizer. I've noticed it goes on smooth, there is no unevenness and my skin feels better after using it.
I do find it dryer than a tinted moisturizer though, which is a good thing for me. Sometimes when I use one I feel oily that day or that I need far to much to get any evenness and end up with way to much on.
no SPF....yet...it is in the works.
Two pumps is all I need to cover my whole face and neck.
I really do love the stuff, it is the first BB cream I have ever used so I can't compare it to others or explain all its benefits that well. So

================



======= Instance Index 3384 =========
Input Text: If a description of a situation begins like this: [header] How to make a king cobra paracord bracelet [title] Pick up some paracord. [step] The amount of paracord you'll need depends on the size you want your bracelet to be. It's a good idea to put one foot of cord aside for every inch of bracelet.... Then how
does it continue? 

Ending 1: Take this into consideration the size of your bracelet and how much of it you plan to braid. Each inch of paracord needs one inch of cord braided into three strands.

Ending 2: Measure your wrist with measuring tape and gauge how much you think you'll need based on that. [substeps] Paracord can be purchased relatively cheaply from a wholesale outlet.

Ending 3: [title] Cut 2/3 inch strips of stiff, flexible cord. [step] Start at your pinky pinky pinky pointer finger and place your thumb, middle finger, and pinky on one long strip.

Ending 4: It may seem ideal to have four ones, but can be a lot of work for very small children, but thinner rings hold up well. [title] Lay the metal end of each piece of paracord between three or four layers of tape.

Target Text: Ending 2

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 98.70893
Retrieved Text: Wonderful 3 Color Paracord Bracelet How To Make A Survival 1 Designs Instructions Without Buckle. Innovation Design 3 Color Paracord Bracelet Free NFL Seattle Seahawks Bracelets FREE Designs. Vibrant 3 Color Paracord Bracelet Cobra Line Colors With Shackle Designs Instructions Without Buckle. Inspiring Design Ideas 3 Color Paracord Bracelet Braided Sports With Buckle Instructions Buy Sport. Beautiful Looking 3 Color Paracord Bracelet Mated Snake Knot YouTube Designs Instructions. Ingenious Ideas 3 Color Paracord Bracelet 1 Stripe Electric Blue Turquoise Purple Designs Instructions. Plush Design 3 Color Paracord Bracelet 4 Designs Instructions Without Buckle. Grand 3 Color Paracord Bracelet Mated Snake Knot Colors Guild The Pattern Up Close Designs Instructions Without. Trendy 3 Color Paracord Bracelet Mated Snake Knot Colors Guild Designs Instructions. Splendid Design Inspiration 3 Color Paracord Bracelet I Like This Pattern Bisuteria Designs Instructions.
Wondrous 3 Color Paracord Bracelet How To Add Colors The Basic Solomon Survival Bored YouTube Designs. Fancy Plush Design 3 Color Paracord Bracelet How To Make A Yahoo Answers Designs Instructions Without Buckle. Amazing Design Ideas 3 Color Paracord Bracelet With Buckle Instructions 550 Stainless Steel. Wondrous Design 3 Color Paracord Bracelet How To Add Sections A Fishtail Survival BoredParacord YouTube. Awesome Design 3 Color Paracord Bracelet How To Make A Survival 1 Designs Instructions. Pretty Inspiration Ideas 3 Color Paracord Bracelet Instructions The Base Camp Survival By TopKnotchGear. Sensational Design 3 Color Paracord Bracelet Mated Snake Knot Colors Guild The In Rasta Designs Instructions. Interesting Ideas 3 Color Paracord Bracelet How To Make An Easy Strand Braid Suggested Design Rasta

########
Rank: 1
Score: 95.67472
Retrieved Text: Staggering What Is A Survival Bracelet 10 Ways Can Save Your Life HowStuffWorks Used For Wikipedia Paracord. Breathtaking What Is A Survival Bracelet Sierra Club Paracord Online Store View Enlarged Image Used For. Smart Ideas What Is A Survival Bracelet The Many Uses Of Paracord YouTube Used For Wikipedia. Amazing Chic What Is A Survival Bracelet Uses X CORDS Worlds Largest Used For Wikipedia Paracord. Impressive Design Ideas What Is A Survival Bracelet Paracord Used For Wikipedia Inside. Neoteric Ideas What Is A Survival Bracelet Paracord Inspirational Parachute Cord Beautiful Premium 550 Od Black Stainless Shackle Of. Creative Idea What Is A Survival Bracelet Full Review The Wazoo Gear Minimalist WazooMinimalist 1 Used For Wikipedia Paracord. Wonderful Inspiration What Is A Survival Bracelet Paracord Everything You Ll Ever Need To Know Life Everyday Uses Used For. Wonderful Design What Is A Survival Bracelet Paracord With Side Release Buckle 9 Steps Pictures Picture Of You Re Finished Used For Wikipedia. Incredible Inspiration What Is A Survival Bracelet The 8 Best Paracord Bracelets HiConsumption Used For Wikipedia.
Stunning Ideas What Is A Survival Bracelet Regular Police Blue Line Custom Embossed Used For. Neoteric Design What Is A Survival Bracelet Sierraparacord Com HOW TO USE SURVIVAL BRACELET Used For Wikipedia Paracord. Enjoyable Design What Is A Survival Bracelet How To Make The Prepper Journal Print Friendly Used For Wikipedia Paracord. Crafty Inspiration Ideas What Is A Survival Bracelet Amazon Com King Cobra Paracord 550 Lb Tested Cord 6 Wrist Sizes Used For. Incredible Ideas What Is A Survival Bracelet Paracord

########
Rank: 2
Score: 92.482185
Retrieved Text: 7 Polyester Strands In Paracord.
Made Of Approximately 10 Feet Of Paracord.
Black Plastic 5/8" Quick Release Buckle.
Width Of Buckle Is 7/8".
Thickness Of Buckle Is 3/8".
Bracelet Has A 2.1 CM Width.
The deluxe cobra weave paracord bracelet has a wider width when compared to the standard paracord bracelet. The deluxe cobra weave paracord bracelet has a 2.1 cm width. Wearing the cobra weave paracord bracelet isn't only fashionable but it also serve as a survival tool in emergency situations. There are countless amount of applications of the paracord bracelet, it can be used as a rope tightly secure objects, a fishing line, the inner strands cam be used to stitch up wounds and much more. Choose from 4 different sizes.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 91.961494
Retrieved Text: Smartness custom paracord bracelet wazoo survival gear stanless steel custom paracord bracelet id tag bushcraft edc charms tags uk is one of our best images of ingenious custom paracord bracelet and its resolution is 600x800 pixels. Find out our other images similar to this smartness custom paracord bracelet wazoo survival gear stanless steel custom paracord bracelet id tag bushcraft edc charms tags uk at gallery below and if you want to find more ideas about ingenious custom paracord bracelet, you could use search box at the top of this page.
Below are the images from ingenious custom paracord bracelet post, there are clever design ideas custom paracord bracelet survival bracelets charms tags uk with name, luxury design custom paracord bracelet manufacturer survival with logo on buckle charms, luxury ideas custom paracord bracelet buy with buckle charms tags uk name, gorgeous design custom paracord bracelet with metal skull beads charms tags uk name, smartness custom paracord bracelet wazoo survival gear stanless steel custom paracord bracelet id tag bushcraft edc charms tags uk, bold design custom paracord bracelet amazon com 2 color pick your options charms tags, wondrous design custom paracord bracelet skull charms tags uk with name survival, dazzling design custom paracord bracelet logo charm outdoors survival 20pcs lot uk, picturesque design custom paracord bracelet color thin line survival 100 000 possible combinations charms tags uk, stunning design custom paracord bracelet signature cyo finders keepers creations llc concept png charms tags uk, mesmerizing custom paracord bracelet with specialty skull beads charms tags uk name, project ideas custom paracord

########
Rank: 4
Score: 90.09316
Retrieved Text: Paracord bracelets are a neat bit of gear. If you're an outdoors type of person, or you want to make a gift for an outdoors type of person, then this is the project for you.
Each bracelet is in effect a miniature survival kit, holding 10 feet of 550 paracord. Use it to construct an emergency shelter, or repair your rucksack with the yarns in the central core.
Double over the 2 1/2 foot length of paracord, and tie a simple overhand knot an inch or two from the loose ends.
Check the size of the bracelet by putting the loop over the knot.
It's best to make the bracelet slightly loose. The band will become fatter and fit more tightly once it's finished. Don't worry too much about getting the size exactly right at this stage, because you'll have a chance to fine-tune it later.
Don't worry about the loose ends poking out of the knot. Later on (step 4) I'll show you how to hide them.
Skip this step if you're making a single-color paracord bracelet.
I like to reinforce the join by making a few stitches through it with needle and thread.
Don't worry if your join isn't the neatest, because it will be hidden on the inside of the bracelet. Just make sure that you melt down any scratchy edges, because the join will lie directly against your wrist.
Arrange the paracord pieces in a "t", with the long, joined piece behind the short piece. The join in the long piece should sit directly beneath the short piece.
Then make another cobra

########
Rank: 5
Score: 89.98097
Retrieved Text: As a traveler who likes to dabble with trying new things, I used to go a lot on solo trips, which had been one of the best ways to meet people on the road and make friends: locals and other travelers (most of whom were also traveling alone). I learned a lot of tips from them, including how to stay safe, but I also discovered early on that I should always have these resources available wherever I go: a knife, fire starter, strong cord, compass, and whistle. I admit solo travel hadn’t been easy with its share of challenges since there’s no one else looking out for you to encourage you or cheer you up when things don’t end up as planned, but the opportunities are endless that made it all so memorable and worthwhile.
Moving forward, over three decades, I now find myself promoting the same idea of keeping safe and having access to these same important resources in the form of an everyday-carry gear: the Gemstar Survival paracord bracelet. The article below is what I’d consider the most complete there is on paracord as it covers the multiple uses of paracord, its history, how to make paracord bracelets and cool projects, making snare traps, and more interesting tutorials. Paracord is unquestionably one of the greatest tools you can have at your disposal. It is strong, durable, versatile and ideal for multiple tasks indoors or outdoors, and insanely useful for off the grid living.
Paracord is a prepper’s best friend. Also called parachute cord it is a

########
Rank: 6
Score: 89.620514
Retrieved Text: A paracord keychain is great to have, not only hold your keys, but you can also unwind and use the paracord if you need to. You can make a paracord keychain with most of the same paracord knots as a paracord bracelet. The Cobra, King Snake, Copperhead, Fishtail, are some of the knots.
Paracord Keychain instructions with pictures. You will need these paracord supplies, 3 feet of paracord and a key ring. You will also need a lighter and some scissors. This paracord project will take about 8 to 10 minutes. You can also use a clip or carabiner on the other end. You can adjust the length of the braid when you first start.
DNA Paracord Keychain instructions with pictures. You will need about 3 feet of paracord, and a key ring. A DNA Paracord Keychain has a unique look and looks best when you use 2 different colors of paracord. This paracord project will take about 10 minutes.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 89.61302
Retrieved Text: paracord color chart chart paketsusudomba co .
color chart paracords pinterest paracord colour chart and chart .
paracord color chart gorilla paracord lots of colors and good .
paracord color chart flora fauna and merriweather pinterest .
paracord color chart info stuff pinterest paracord colour .
color chart surf city paracord inc .
paracord images google search random stuff pinterest .
paracord color chart inexpensive source at gorillaparacord com .
paracord weaves custom made paracord items links to an .
550 paracord color chart .
new argoknots color chart with paracord colors comadre coloring site .
275 paracord bracelet with engraved stainless steel medical alert id .
r e d paracord bracelet handmade by us veterans handmade by heroes .
paracord bracelet king cobra olive drab green ebay .
2 stripes paracord bracelet .
paracord planet 10 25 50 100 hanks 250 1000 spools of .
color chart coolkidz paracords .
customstitching recoil rifle slings .
custom paracord bracelet fishtail weave paravival com .
550 paracord packs in nfl team colors paracordgalaxy com .
550 paracord bracelet superhero green red yellow ebay .
supply captain 100 ft solid color 550 paracord paracord crafts .
paracord female ninja keyfob red surf city paracord inc .
survival bracelet trilobite wide fishtail paracord with fire .
custom paracord bracelet 3 solid colors survival bracelet .
rugged rosaries wwi combat rosaries catholic rosary beads .
paracord color chart interactive paracord picker youtube .
military 550 paracord fishing line survival tinder marker strand .
paracord bracelet twist color chart .
a frequent flyer program used by an airline is an example of _____.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 86.49462
Retrieved Text: Today I will show you how to make a double wrapped paracord bracelet.
You will need two pieces of 10 ft paracord a knife a lighter and a buckle.
Fold one of the pieces of paracord in half. Loop paracord threw the buckle like shown in the pictures. Then put the other buckle on the other side. Then find the length you want it.
To braid look at the pictures.
When you reach your desired length scoot paracord up like shown in the pictures. Then cut and burn the ends of the paracord.
Take the second piece of paracord then fold it in half and lay it u the other bracelet.
To braid look at the pictures. Keep repeating this until you reach the bottom.
Cut and burn the ends of the leftover paracord.
Then 2 layers of cobra weave.
A good rule of thumb is one inch of bracelet uses one foot of paracord. In your example, you would need 40 feet. It's not perfect, but its pretty close.
Hi! Every one of these instructions on braiding paracord are just for bracelets. Each one shows to use a ten foot length of line. In the case of your double-wrap, two such lengths are used, which makes a nine inch length bracelet. I want to make a spare line strap with biners instead of buckles, and want it to be about a forty inch length. How would I calculate how much to use for braiding for that length?

########
Rank: 9
Score: 86.3993
Retrieved Text: This bracelet unwinds into a long length of paracord.
Paracord is a nylon parachute cord made up of bundles -- usually seven -- of thinner, twisted nylon cords wrapped inside a woven nylon casing. The cord is very tough and can be taken apart to provide cords for use in nets, laces and other camping or survival items. Paracord is available in bundles or pre-woven into products such as “survival bracelets.” It’s also used as decorative wrapping on handles and other items. Paracord shrinks when it gets wet; preshrinking it prevents nets, tie-downs, wrappings and other products from warping.
Measure the length of paracord that you need and add 1/4 to 1/2 inch per foot. Paracord will shrink at a rate less than an inch per foot after you get it wet the first time. You might even want to test your batch of paracord by cutting a spare one-foot length and shrinking that first to see by how much it will shrink. Cut the lengths off the main spool, if you’re shrinking plain paracord. If you’re trying to shrink a survival bracelet or other woven paracord product, skip this step. Do not take the bracelet or other product apart.
Fill a pan with warm water, or boil water in the pan. Use enough water to easily cover the amount of paracord you want to shrink.
Drop the paracord into the water. Wait about 15 seconds if using boiling water, or wait five minutes if using warm water.
Remove the paracord. Use tongs if the water is boiling or is too

########
Rank: 10
Score: 82.10352
Retrieved Text: We often get asked if there are kits so you can make your own paracord bracelets. Well the answer is now Yes you can!
These paracord kits represent real value for money and will save you quite a lot compared to buying them individually.
We have put together some great colours which we think you’ll like.However, you don’t have to take these, you can always pick your own colours. We also have a superhero kit, where we have a prejoined two colours together in popular character colours, e.g. black/yellow – Batman, Red/Yellow – Ironman.
Please be aware these kits are made with 100% US 550 Paracord which is either military or commercial spec. It is far superior to the cheap Chinese stuff which inhabits eBay and many sites. Our kits are not toys, although kids love them. We don’t mess around with the glossy packaging, we prefer to put that cost into the product so you’re happy. Supplied in a simple storage box which is biodegradable once finished with we use minimal packaging to help the environment.
What can you make from the kit?
In each kit you’ll get 5 x 10ft lengths of genuine US 550 Paracord from a GSA Aprroved contractor. You’ll also get 2 x 15mm, 3 x 10mmm side release buckles and two split rings. There are two sets of instructions in the box for you to make a cobra and also a jawbone design.
All this means you can make five paracord bracelets of single colour, or half the lengths and join them to make a double

########
Rank: 11
Score: 81.96981
Retrieved Text: True to their name and reliable as can be, paracord survival bracelets are made of the exact same material that paratroopers used during WWII for their parachutes. The Allied Forces trusted this durability – that’s the best test of time we could think of as an example. These provide you with between 8 and 20 feet (on average) of paracord, which can be used in loads of different scenarios.
They also include a few other excellent features that we’re excited to tell you about. We’ve combed through and pulled the five best models to show you today. While they all aim to serve a similar purpose, there’s one fact that remains – you need one of these for survival in emergency situations. They’re also killer to have as a tool on the campsite. Without further ado, let’s jump into the best paracord survival bracelet, hand-picked favorites by the Gear Hungry staff.
A25 Protection tells us what it truly means to be an outdoor survivalist with this double pack of paracord survival bracelets. If you’re a bit shocked at the cost, don’t worry – we were too. They keep their production costs low so they can give you the very best prices of just about any survival bracelet on the market.
K2 Peak Paracord Survival Bracelet includes an embedded compass with remarkable accuracy. If your GPS isn’t working or you don’t actually have a full-body compass, you’ll just turn to your wrist to find your way home. You also get an emergency knife, excellent for cutting away cloth, opening packaging,

########
Rank: 12
Score: 81.7327
Retrieved Text: a piece of paracord. The length depends on the size of the wrap. Because it is made from a single cord, you can pull the cord directly from a hank or spool.... 16/04/2011 · I would like to make this handle wrap without drilling holes, but as I indicated above, this will be submerged for long periods of time. I feel like the paracord being wet, then dry, wet then dry will cause it to loosen and slip off over time, where using holes would prevent that.
This video will take you step by step and show you how to wrap your knife handle in paracord using the Strider weave. Wrapping your knife in this fashion gives you the flexibility to use your paracord at a moments notice if need be.
How To Make A Paracord Dog Leash Handle. This will show you how I blend the paracord together to make a handle for a dog leash using the Cobra Knot.
But there’s also a “Type IV” paracord which can handle 750 lbs. And a handful designed for lower weights. And a handful designed for lower weights. With the growing popularity of 550 cord, some novel commercial variants have started showing up.
Grab a copy of the book — Paracord Outdoor Gear Projects. Amazon has over 200 positive reviews on this book and full of fascinating paracord projects. It takes you step-by-step through the process of making bracelets, lanyards, pouches, straps, slings, etc.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 81.061386
Retrieved Text: How to make a Flatline Paracord Bracelet. You will need about 12 feet of Paracord, or two 6 foot pieces, and a 12 inch piece of paracord with the center strings taken out. A Paracord Buckle and a lighter and some scissors. Attach the paracord to the buckles, if you making a 2 color paracord bracelet, melt the ends together. Next measure it on your wrist so you’ll make it the wright size.
Put the Flatline piece of Paracord in the buckle, leave about 3 inch tail on the back side. You will braid it into the back of the bracelet so keep it close to the other pieces.
Bring the color you want to be the center across the front, then with the second piece of paracord over the top of the first, around the back, and up through the loop made by the first piece of paracord. Then pull it tight.
The Flatine piece or paraocord (orange one) will be weaved over under into the top of the Paracord Bracelet.
Remember to the ends tight evenly.
Keep Braiding until you reach the other buckle, cut and melt the ends into the bracelet. Learn how to make the Rattler Paracord Bracelet next.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 80.24333
Retrieved Text: 1 How to choose a bhow to make a paracord bracelet with buckle?
2 How to combine and wear a how to make a paracord bracelet with buckle?
3 How to find how to make a paracord bracelet with buckle out the size?
The how to make a paracord bracelet with buckle is a fashionable decoration that complements your look, makes your style more individual. Bracelets have become a very popular accessory among both women and men of different ages.
How to choose a bhow to make a paracord bracelet with buckle?
Bracelets can be made of absolute different materials. It can be gold, silver, leather, plastic, metal. Also, all bracelets have a different shape. They can be chain, braided, closed, spring and others. The choice of how to make a paracord bracelet with buckle depends on your taste, clothing style and image. You can choose a classic thin how to make a paracord bracelet with buckle for a suit, dress, and also wear it daily for any clothes. Or you can wear a bright, catchy how to make a paracord bracelet with buckle and it will make your look more challenging. Bracelets are suitable for any style of clothing. It can be both classic and sporty.
How to combine and wear a how to make a paracord bracelet with buckle?
Previously, according to the rules, bracelets were worn by women and men on different hands. Now no one follows such rules. As a woman can wear a watch on her left hand, and decorate her free right with a how to make

########
Rank: 15
Score: 79.67486
Retrieved Text: Paracord bracelets comes in a number of types and colors. Originally used in the military, it has expanded into conventional usage for every situation due to the adaptable characteristics it possesses. The first use of paracord, also called “550 cord” because the most commonly manufactured type can withstand up to 550 pounds (approximately 259 kilograms) of weight, was in parachute suspension lines during World War II. Because soldiers had few possessions with which to work, the cord’s strength proved useful in a variety of emergency situations such as binding and hauling. Today, paracord bracelet is commonly transformed into trendy bracelets that people wear around their wrist. These bracelets come in almost any color or pattern imaginable.
You can buy the paracord bracelets in the market or accessories shop. If you do not meet the bracelet which is suitable with your style, you probably want to make it by yourself. To make a paracord bracelet, use a series of knots to secure together cords in a variety of colors. The cobra stitch is the most popular method. It has also been referred to as the “Solomon bar” or the “Portuguese sinnet.” Some other knot variations include the snake knot, the seesaw knot and the box knot. But it is better for you to measure your wrist before you make the bracelet. You can measure your wrist with the measuring tape. Do not forget to take a note just in case you will forget. You can also wrap your wrist and in the end where the para-cord meet, you

########
Rank: 16
Score: 79.46287
Retrieved Text: Learn how to make the Mad Max Paracord Bracelet. You will need about 12 feet of paracord, a lighter and some scissors. This Paracord Project will take about 15 minutes to make.
I use the blue piece of paracord to hold the place, this is where you will put the pieces at the ends.
Now cut the loop and melt the ends.
Pull the blue piece of paracord out, and run the other pieces of paracord through the holes.
Now your going to make a ball at the end.
Pull it tight, and make sure it still can fit on your wrist.
Cut the ends close and melt the ends.
Now your Mad Max Paracord Bracelet is Complete. Buy a Mad Max Paracord Bracelet.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 78.99568
Retrieved Text: This Dragons Claw Gray And Neon Green has 1024 x 1024 pixel resolution with jpeg format. Dragon Tamer Paracord Bracelet Instructions, Dragon Tail Paracord Bracelet, Dragon Tooth Paracord Bracelet, Wide Dragons Tongue Paracord Bracelet, Mad Max Paracord Cobra Sornamentch Bracelet, Paracord Dragon Teeth, Dragon Paracord Bracelet, Sanctified Paracord Bracelet, Dragon Tooth Paracord Bracelet, Mad Max Paracord Cobra Sornamentch Bracelet, Dragon Paracord Bracelet was related topic with this Dragons Claw Gray And Neon Green. You can download the Dragons Claw Gray And Neon Green picture by right click your mouse and save from your browser.
This article has multiple issues. Please help improve it or discuss these issues on the talk page. (Learn how and when to remove these template messages)Imagine Dragons es un cuarteto de rock estadounidense que se form en 2008. El nombre del grupo es un anagrama. La palabra de la cual proviene el nombre slo la conocen los miembros de la banda.Jango is about making online music social fun and simple. Free personal radio that learns from your taste and connects you to others who like what you like.
The Piranha Plants returned in Super Mario Bros.The Lost Levels which was the sequel to Super Mario Bros. in ornamentan during the second conquest of the Mushroom Kingdom. . The game introduced red-colored variants which were much quicker than the green variety and can emerge from their pipe even if the player is next to it they are first El Tri es una banda mexicana de rock fundada el 12 de octubre de 1968 en la

########
Rank: 18
Score: 78.30402
Retrieved Text: Do you want to learn how to braid a paracord? When it comes to paracord braiding, there is a lot of knotting and braiding projects that will help you produce useful items. A paracord comes in various colors and thicknesses. It is also known to be a very useful outdoor and survival tool. You see, a completed paracord project can be a life saver in a survival situation. These paracord braiding projects are made with the use of a series of knots to end up with a useful piece.
For paracord braiding, a lanyard will be a good starting project to learn how to knot a paracord. A lanyard is made with a single piece of paracord, and it will provide a hand filling attachment to the important stuff. It has a clip on one end and you can use the other to be a key ring or pocket knife.
Your next paracord braiding project can be a paracord bracelet. You can make a bracelet out of a paracord with the use of a side release buckle. This buckle is like the plastic buckels on backpacks and messenger bags. Once completed, a paracord bracelet will give you a handy way to carry around three yards of paracord for when you need it the most.
A watchband made of paracord is simply the bracelet style of knot tying done twice. The same type of side-release plastic buckle can be used to provide a secure fitting watch. This is also a very useful paracord braiding project.
Yes, you can make a pouch

########
Rank: 19
Score: 78.192345
Retrieved Text: Paracord has gained some popularity in the past few years, mostly in the form of bracelets and pouches. There are many different types, styles, and colors out there. So what exactly is it, what makes it different from rope, and what are some of the different uses for it? In this show I’ll explain what it is and some of the different uses for it for both survival and decorative purposes.
Paracord is short for parachute cord. It was originally designed to be used for skydiving. Sky divers use paracord to tie their parachute to their backpack. The most common type of paracord is 550 paracord. The 550 means that one strand will hold up to 550 lbs. There are other types like 450 paracord, 350 paracord, and 90 paracord which are thinner than 550 but will hold less weight. Paracord is different from rope in three main ways. The first is that 550 paracord has 7 smaller strands inside of it. These strands can be pulled out and used in emergencies as well. The second difference is that it’s made of braided nylon which is a plastic. This means that it will melt if you hold a flame near it. Most rope is made out of cotton or other organic materials and will just burn if they come in contact with a flame. This ability of paracord melting can be helpful when you’re making something like a bracelet or a pouch. You don’t have to tie it off like you would normal rope. All you have

########
Rank: 20
Score: 78.06349
Retrieved Text: This Royal Anglian Regiment paracord survival bracelet is made from 550 paracord, which is hard wearing and rot-proof. These bracelets are cobra stitched for strength and feature a 15mm curved quick release buckle. As well as being decorative to wear, these bracelets can be quickly unravelled in an emergency or survival situation to create over 8 feet (2.5 metres approx.) of high quality military grade paracord. A must for all soldiers, cadets, walkers, campers and climbers etc. Size: one size fits all (will fit wrists up to 8.5 inches in circumference). Weight: 18g.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 77.940445
Retrieved Text: Handmade thin blue line and thin red line paracord bracelet with St. Michael protection medallion.
Our paracord bracelets are made with a tight cobra weave style handmade with love from authentic USA 550 parachute cord. With a laser engraved Mahogany wood tag.
Our paracord bracelets are made with a tight cobra weave style handmade with love from authentic USA 550 parachute cord. The SAINT MICHAEL MEDAL wood tags are made out of mahogany wood with a laser engraving that dries easily if ever wet and will not mildew or rot.
Watch our creativity come to life in this 30 second time lapse video! Each bracelet/cross is made with great attention to detail.
The Thin BLUE Line is to commemorate fallen law enforcement officers and to symbolize the relationship of law enforcement in the community as the protectors of civilians from criminal elements.
The Thin RED Line of Courage is a symbol to illustrate the line of firefighters protecting us day and night and to show honorable respect to fallen firefighter heroes.
*Our bracelets & crosses make great gifts for your family, friends and especially police officers & firefighters they really appreciate it!
*Paracord can get wet, this will not cause it to mildew or rot.
*All of our products are proudly made in the USA with only made in USA materials.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 77.540016
Retrieved Text: People have always paid special attention to the choice of jewelry, emergency paracord bracelet. But you need to know that each of them may have certain properties, and you need to wear it properly.
Watches, rings and emergency paracord bracelet – probably, every person wears at least one of this jewelry on his hand. They can be made from various metals and materials. Most people do not attach importance to which hand to wear jewelry, but this is quite important.
The right hand attracts energy. Jewelry, emergency paracord bracelet worn on the right hand, also tend to attract energy. Therefore, try to put on the right-hand items made of gold and silver. Gold jewelry symbolizes the sun and has the ability to absorb solar energy. Filled with energy, gold jewelry, emergency paracord bracelet can pass it to you through your right hand.
Left hand, unlike the right, tend to give energy. This can be used in order to get rid of the negative or defend against it. For the left hand should pick up two types of jewelry, emergency paracord bracelet. Some must protect, others – to help get rid of negative energy.
The protective properties of jewelry have a round shape: rings, bracelets, emergency paracord bracelet. For example, a desire bracelet will not only protect you but also help attract money, love and luck.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 77.08156
Retrieved Text: Military specification 550 paracord survival bracelet in 1st Queens Dragoon Guards regimental colours. In an emergency the bracelet can be unravelled to provide you with 2.5 metres of paracord which is both hard wearing and waterproof. The bracelet features a 15mm curving quick release buckle and is cobra knotted to provide strength. The perfect piece of kit for all soldiers, cadets, climbers and campers etc. Sizing – one size fits all wrists up to 8.5 inches in diameter. Weighs – 21 grams. Colours - QDG.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 76.993805
Retrieved Text: This Royal Dragoon Guards Regiment paracord survival bracelet is made from 550 paracord, which is hard wearing and rot-proof. These bracelets are cobra stitched for strength and feature a 15mm curved quick release buckle. As well as being decorative to wear, these bracelets can be quickly unravelled in an emergency or survival situation to create over 8 feet (2.5 metres approx.) of high quality military grade paracord. A must for all soldiers, cadets, walkers, campers and climbers etc. (will fit wrists up to 8.5 inches in circumference). Weight: 18g.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 76.46418
Retrieved Text: A single paracord bracelet can literally save your life.
It’s made from the same nylon cord used in military parachutes, which is why it’s called paracord. This cord is woven together into a bracelet so it’s easy to carry.
The bracelet is so useful because the paracord can be easily unwoven again when you need it. There are many different kinds of paracord bracelets, but most are 8 to 20 feet long when unwoven. Each main cord consists of seven smaller nylon yarns, which can also be taken out and used on their own.
Some bracelets are made from a single cord while others are made from two shorter cords. If a bracelet is two different colors, that’s a good sign it’s made from two cords.
Any of these cords have a minimum breaking strength of 550 pounds. If you ever find yourself running out of food or in desperate need of shelter, a single paracord bracelet can become your main survival tool.
If you’re out in the wilderness and miscalculated your food supply, your paracord can keep you fed.
Or if you find a flexible sapling, you can use the cord to make a bow. Find a few more sticks and file the tops into points, and you have some arrows. It may take a bit of practice, but it’ll let you hunt small game.
You can also turn your paracord into a fishing line. Take one of the nylon yards from the main cord, tie some bait to the end, and you may be able to catch some fish dinner.
And if

########
Rank: 26
Score: 76.44757
Retrieved Text: ← What Does “Thank You” Look Like?
We need over 100,000 Paracord “Survival” Bracelets to include in each of our care packages going to deployed troops overseas; to new recruits graduating from Boot Camp; to veterans here at home, and to first responders aiding in emergency situations!
Read on to learn basic details about this program, and check out Paracord “Survival” Bracelets FAQs for more information.
Not only are the bracelets really cool-looking, they can actually be used to save a life in an emergency situation. Virtually all branches of the U.S. military use paracord (which gets its name from parachute cord and can hold up to 550 lbs. weight). The bracelet gives the person wearing it 7.5 feet to use in an emergency. But really and most importantly, a paracord bracelet lets our heroic service men and women know you care, you remember and you appreciate them.
How can a Paracord “Survival” Bracelet be used?
Paracord “Survival” Bracelets have gained a lot of popularity over the years. You may see them on the wrists of your local Lifeguard, an EMT or your local coffee barista! Here are some of the many ways paracord can be used.
Paracord has even been used to repair the Hubble Telescope…IN SPACE!
Our hope is to include one Paracord “Survival” Bracelet in each of our care packages…but that can only be accomplished with the help of our volunteers. We learned how to make our own bracelets and we’ve asked volunteers to start making them, too.
Want to help? Visit “How to Make a Paracord ‘Survival’ Bracelet” to learn

########
Rank: 27
Score: 75.97684
Retrieved Text: This post categorized under Bracelets and posted on February 8th, 2019.
This Custom Paracord Bracelet Team Colors has 2250 x 3000 pixel resolution with jpeg format. Custom Logo Paracord Bracelet, Mens Personalized Paracord Bracelet, Personalized Paracord Bracelet, Metal Tags For Paracord Bracelets, Design Your Own Paracord Bracelet, Paracord Bracelet Patterns, Handmade Paracord Bracelet, Personalized Paracord Bracelet, Design Your Own Paracord Bracelet, 550 Cord Bracelet Diy, 550 Cord Bracelet Patterns, 550 Cord Bracelet Instruction, 550 Paracord Bracelet Instructions was related topic with this Custom Paracord Bracelet Team Colors. You can download the Custom Paracord Bracelet Team Colors picture by right click your mouse and save from your browser.
Alibaba.com offers 171 paracord bracelet plates products. About 32% of these are bracelets & bangles 16% are other camping & hiking products and 2% are stainless steel jewelry. A wide variety of paracord bracelet plates options are available to you such as free samples.paracord bracelet supplies 1. Diameter 0.3cm 7core parachute cord bracelet width 18cm close snap buckle ornamentgth 180-220mm 2. Fond by crowds as Bracelet Jewelry when necessary it can unpack used as rope stop bleeding make trap tie up temporary tent cornamenter all belongs prevent losing SOS usage.We use spools of 550 paracord and hand weave each sling or rope individually. Paracord also called parachute cord is high strength cord about 532 diameter.
This Custom Paracord Apple Watch Series has 2250 x 3000 pixel resolution with jpeg format. This 0 has 1024x728 pixel resolution and use jpeg format. Guitar, drum and another vector was related topic with this vector. You

########
Rank: 28
Score: 75.95135
Retrieved Text: Recommendations of stylists on what hand and how they wear a paracord bracelet kit are extremely contradictory. Most often in this matter, one has to choose the only right way – to follow ones own intuition, taste and sense of proportion.
To get your own answer to the question – how to wear paracord bracelet kit correctly – you should decide which group of people you belong to. The first is the lovers of the classic style of wearing paracord bracelet kit when the finished bracelet is simply put on under suitable circumstances. The second group is those who are willing to experiment, submitting to their own taste and inspiration.
There are also no strict recommendations, but you can use the following tips. So, a paracord bracelet kit can be worn on the hand opposite to that on which the watch is worn. This is the traditional classic version. There are several good reasons for choosing him. Usually the watch is worn on the left hand, in this case, the paracord bracelet kit on the right hand, which is more active, is in the spotlight.
Wearing paracord bracelet kit on one hand along with a watch has become a fashionable trend, with both womens and mens. You can also make an ensemble for two hands at the same time. Here the opinions of stylists differ. Some recommend combining paracord bracelet kit in style with each other, others suggest not to be limited and feel free to fantasize.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 75.792015
Retrieved Text: The quality of sports equipment directly depends not so much on the comfort of a journey as on a person’s life. Of course, there are a lot of devices that become in the field simply indispensable. These are special karemats that withstand extreme temperatures, and tinder made of artificial fibers, and flashlights, and a compass. It is important to understand that this is far away all the elements of a long-distance march. The number of special devices can be safely attributed to the survival bracelet.
What is a survival bracelet? An interesting fact is that survival bracelets are not only sports equipment, but also military equipment used by the leading armies of the world. Bracelet Survival is a braided construction, made by hand from a durable elastic cord or paracord. Why was the bracelet given such a “talking title”? This is because, if necessary, the paracord cord can be easily disentangled and used for various purposes from purely technical to medical. Paracord is not just a solid rope of small diameter. In fact, a paracord is a sling with a core of a bundle of wires that can withstand a maximum Survival Bracelet stencil load of up to 290 kg.
More paracord and survival bracelets in various designs and styles are available in lowest prices from braceletworld.co.
When knitting a paracord bracelet, up to 4 m of cord is consumed, therefore, having dismissed it, you will receive an appropriate amount of durable from a technical point of view lines. Many seek to buy a paracord, as it can be

================



======= Instance Index 9097 =========
Input Text: If a description of a situation begins like this: [header] How to get rid of head lice naturally [title] Wet-comb your hair. [step] Use a fine-toothed nit comb to comb the entire length of wet and lubricated hair. This may remove lice and some of their nits, or eggs, if done for several weeks.... Then how
does it continue? 

Ending 1: [substeps] Curly hair can be rubbed down by rinsing with hot water and then sprayed on with a shiny hairspray, or it can stay wet for two to three days. [title] Shampoo your hair if it is dry.

Ending 2: [substeps] Lice are not necessarily sexually transmitted. While it's perfectly normal for lice to burrow into hair, it's not always so.

Ending 3: [substeps] Your trimmer's clippers can also be used on dry hair because the blades may shave more off of your hair. Take your hair dry when you get out of the shower or bath to avoid pulling the lice out of your hair when they are still on your scalp.

Ending 4: [substeps] Purchase a nit comb at a pharmacy, grocery store or another large retailer. Wet the hair with water and use something such as hair conditioner to lubricate it.

Target Text: Ending 4

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 98.32718
Retrieved Text: We all dread that letter coming home in our kid’s bags ‘HEAD LICE ARE IN OUR SCHOOL – CHECK YOUR CHILD’S HEAD TONIGHT!’ Just reading it leaves us itching our heads and we know we have an evening of battling with a wriggling child who doesn’t want a comb scraped through their head. But, with the internet filled with head lice horror stories and hundreds of home remedies to get rid of your child’s infestation how do you know which is the best way to deal with the issue? And how can you separate the myths from the facts? My 1st Years’ are here to help with our myth-busting infographic and simple steps to be head lice free on #NationalBugBustingDay!
Here our top two ways to remove lice from your tiny tots head.
For this, you need to purchase a fine toothed ‘nit comb’ with flat teeth spaced a maximum of 0.2-0.3mm apart.
Start by washing your little one’s hair and use plenty of conditioner.
Next comb your child’s hair with a wide toothed comb to untangle knots.
Now, use your ‘nit comb’ to firmly comb the hair from root to end, checking between strokes for any headlice or eggs.
Wipe any lice found onto a tissue or piece of paper to ensure you’re not putting them back into the hair.
There are a number of effective lotions available on the market to help remove head lice from your child’s hair. With these, you should always follow the instructions on the packaging and never use more than advised or treat the hair more

########
Rank: 1
Score: 96.10222
Retrieved Text: If you’re wondering how to get rid of the head lice, this article will give you a lot of natural home remedies for this issue. Unfortunately, head lice can happen to anyone, even the cleanest amongst us, so make sure you check everything on the below list. Keep reading!
How to get rid of lice naturally pretty much always involves a fine tooth comb. Wet-combing is a natural lice remedy that you need to repeat every three to four days for a minimum of two weeks after you don’t see any lice present. How do you wet-comb for lice? The person with head lice needs to have their hair completely wet. It’s also a good idea to add some conditioner. Next, using a fine-tooth nit comb, you need to comb the entire lice-infested scalp starting at the scalp to the hair ends. Conduct this careful combing at least two times during a session.
When it comes to how to get rid of head lice, you definitely want to address the tools that have been used in a lice-ridden person’s hair, especially before and after wet-combing. So take all of the combs and brushes and wash them using very hot water and soap. You can also soak the brushes and combs in rubbing alcohol for at least one hour. You can even do both the washing and the soaking if it makes you feel better. And to be on the safe side, including all the hair-styling tools in the household. Also include any and all objects that go into

########
Rank: 2
Score: 87.89524
Retrieved Text: It's the question on every mums lips - just how can I get rid of head lice when they suddenly appear?
With reports of a ‘super breed’ of head lice hitting the UK back in 2015, it’s never been more difficult for parents to control an outbreak of those uninvited little ‘guests’.
Causing even more worry is the new policy implemented by the NHS last summer which has restricted children’s access to nit kits.
According to Dr Paul Stillman, the super breed of head lice have a mutated gene which is resistant to ordinary head lice treatments. There was a first reported UK case in June (2016) and America has been experiencing this for a while.
Dr Paul Stillman said that the resistance has been built up because of people ‘overusing products’ and that now many lice are immune to pyrethroids which are chemicals that kill insects and a major ingredient in many head lice treatments.
The National Pediculosis Association, a charity that specialises in the infestation of lice has reminded parents that ‘manual removal is crucial. Since head lice move quickly throughout the head, it may be helpful to have two people checking an infested person at the same time’.
And with 8% of children in the UK having head lice at any one time, it’s a problem every parent will have struggled to combat. Just thinking about it makes our heads itch!
Those pesky critters are incredibly easy to catch and cause a nightmare for families of young children, but with so many head lice products and head lice treatments around

########
Rank: 3
Score: 87.72834
Retrieved Text: Lice won’t go away on their own. Be sure to do all you can to treat lice and to prevent the spread of lice.
It’s also important to wash clothing and bedding in hot water to help get rid of lice.
Some people have an allergic reaction to lice bites that causes itching for 7 to 10 days after the lice and eggs have been killed. Steroid creams or calamine lotion can relieve the itching. If you have severe itching, you can try antihistamine pills. But don't give antihistamines to your child unless you've checked with the doctor first.
Lice can spread from human to object to human, but it's more common for lice to spread by human to human contact. Lice don't live longer than 2 days when they are not on a human.
Removing lice from personal items, clothing, and furniture is one way to help prevent lice from spreading to other household members. And it may help prevent a person who has been treated for lice from becoming reinfested.
To rid hair brushes, combs, barrettes, and other hair ornaments of lice, soak them in hot water [greater than 54.5°C (130°F)] for 10 minutes, soak them in isopropyl alcohol, or wash them with a shampoo that is used to treat head lice.
Vacuum carpets, upholstery, and mattresses.
You do not need to fumigate the house with insecticide sprays. This will not help treat or control a lice problem and may unnecessarily expose family members to toxic fumes.
Lice eggs stick to the hair and can be hard to remove. It is possible

########
Rank: 4
Score: 85.22756
Retrieved Text: Head lice are found among hair on the human scalp. Commonly, they can be found on the scalp behind the ears and near the neckline at the base of the scalp.
Can you see head lice?
Head lice are 2mm (male) to 3mm (female) in length. Full-grown adults are approximately the size of a sesame seed. The color of head lice tends to match the hair color of human hosts, ranging from pale tan to dark brown.
Can my child go to school with head lice?
There is now a "no head lice" policy for all NYC public schools, but no longer a "no nit" policy. See the NYC Department of Education website for more information.
Head lice lay oval, yellowish-white, opalescent eggs (nits) on the base of the hair shafts. Eggshells can remain attached to the hair long after the young have hatched.
If someone has head lice, does it mean that they or their home is not clean?
No. A common misconception is that lice infestation is a result of poor hygienic practices. In fact, it is actually believed that head lice prefer clean hair to dirty hair. However, their number increases due to a lack of combing and bathing.
How do children (or adults) get head lice?
Head lice infestation usually occurs during prolonged and direct head-to-head contact with a person who has head lice. Head lice may be spread through shared use of combs and hairbrushes, use of bedding by more than one person, and the sharing of hats and other contaminated accessories. Head lice can survive only for brief periods

########
Rank: 5
Score: 84.52123
Retrieved Text: Head lice treatment should begin as soon as you notice an active infestation in your or your child’s hair. Before you begin lice removal treatment, make sure that the infestation has not spread to other members of the household. Be sure that all clothes, bedding, or materials that could harbor lice are washed with hot water and dried in high heat.
When your children head back to school, be sure to check out the steps below if they exhibit signs of a lice infestation.
Make sure to remove clothing that you don’t want to get wet or stained during the medication/removal process.
Apply the lice medication according to its instructions. Be sure to note how much of the medicine should be used and how long to treat the affected area(s).
After treatment, put on clean clothing that has not come into contact with lice.
Check the affected area(s) after 8-12 hours. If the lice are dead or moving more slowly than before, do not retreat. Comb out the lice using a fine-toothed nit comb. If the lice are alive and moving as normal, you may need stronger medication. Contact a healthcare provider for another recommendation before retreating.
Recheck the affected area(s) every two days and comb the hair thoroughly to decrease the chance of another infestation. Repeat this until there are no signs of lice.
Some medical professionals may recommend retreatment seven days after the initial treatment to make sure all lice are removed.
Children typically contract head lice at school. In fact, it’s estimated that 6-12 million children between the ages of 3

########
Rank: 6
Score: 84.167404
Retrieved Text: Head lice (Pediculus capitis) affect only humans, and cannot be passed on to, or caught from, animals. Infestation with head lice is also known as pediculosis.
Head lice are tiny (pin-head sized) grey-brown, wingless insects that live by sucking blood from the scalp. Their eggs, which look like tiny white specks, are known as nits and are laid glued to the base of hairs.
The eggs hatch after seven to 10 days, and 10 to 14 days after hatching the lice are mature and 2-4mm long (the size of a sesame seed). Once mature they start to reproduce, so numbers can grow alarmingly if not treated.
Head lice are common in schoolchildren, particularly between the ages of four and 11, but anyone with hair can catch them.
Infestation often causes itching of the scalp, but may also go unnoticed. If you suspect head lice, check the base of hairs for eggs and comb the hair over a piece of white paper to see if you can spot any dark mature lice.
Sometimes an infestation is marked by tiny red spots on the scalp. Lice may be visible in the hair behind the ears and at the nape of the neck as these are favourite spots for infestations.
The presence of head lice is indicated by repeated itching of the scalp, or by detecting them in your hair. This can be done using a special fine toothed comb available from your local pharmacy. Your GP, or practice nurse, can only confirm the diagnosis if a live louse is found in your hair.
If you,

########
Rank: 7
Score: 82.56499
Retrieved Text: Head lice can become a plague in many schools and kindergartens. It is very difficult to find the lice while the nits are easier to find. The nits look like dandruff but stick so hard to the hair that you cannot pull them off like you can with dandruff. Only children who have lice should be treated. There are many different remedies against lice but the head lice are getting more and more resistant. A fine-toothed comb is an effective alternative.
A plague of lice in a school or kindergarten occurs especially after a longer holiday like the summer or winter holiday. This means that most children are bothered by lice from August to October and in January.
Especially children between 3 and 11 years old are exposed to being infected with head lice. With smaller children lice are equally common with boys and girls. When the children grow older the lice are more common with girls. Many believe that lice are seen in connection with dirty hair – this is incorrect. Frequent hair wash will not prevent lice either.
The louse is a bug that feeds off human blood from the scalp. The head louse is 2 to 4 millimetres long and greyish. The head louse lives down right by the scalp where the temperature and moisture sustains it. It moves quickly through the hair and can therefore be difficult to spot.
It is easier to find nits – they look like dandruff or fine powder. The nits stick so hard to the hair that they are difficult to

########
Rank: 8
Score: 81.150986
Retrieved Text: LICE TRAP SHAMPOO™ MOUSSE FOAM is a non-toxic, pesticide-free product proven to eliminate head lice and their eggs (nits) in just one treatment. This cleansing mousse foam product uses a combination of naturally occurring active enzymes to remove head lice and nits with out the risk associated with pesticide poisons. One canister, used as directed, has been 99% effective in removing the head lice and their nits!
Lice Trap Shampoo Dissolves Nit GLUE! One application of this lice shampoo gets rid of head lice and the nits because the enzymes in Lice Trap soften the glue that holds the nits to the hair shaft, allowing them to be easily combed and rinsed away. The "resistance factor" never becomes an issue. The head lice and nits are off the head and down the drain in 30 minutes.
LICE TRAP SPRAY is a nontoxic, pesticide free product proven to eliminate head lice and their eggs (nits) in just one treatment. This cleansing mousse foam product uses a combination of naturally occurring active enzymes to remove head lice and nits without the risk associated with pesticide poisons. One canister, used as directed, has been 99% effective in removing the head lice and their nits!
The challenge in treating a head lice infestation is two-fold: kill the head lice and kill/remove the nits. Attempting to kill the head lice with pesticides was the logical first step. After many applications, numerous generations of lice were exposed to the chemical causing "super lice" to evolve that could withstand future doses of the pesticides. The nits,

########
Rank: 9
Score: 80.63742
Retrieved Text: Good news for parents, teachers, pediatricians, and others engaged in the ongoing battle against lice: the FDA just approved a new treatment for head lice in children age four and older. Called Natroba, it’s a liquid that is rubbed into the hair and allowed to sit for 10 minutes before being rinsed off. Natroba is a useful addition to the anti-lice arsenal, since some head lice have become resistant to permethrin and pyrethrins, the active ingredients in over-the-counter anti-lice products such as Nix and Rid.
Head lice are tiny insects that go by the big name Pediculus humanus capitis. They thrive in the warm tangle of human hair, feeding off blood in the scalp and breeding with abandon. A female lays eggs called nits that she attaches to strands of hair. Nits hatch after about eight days, become adults in another week or so, feed for awhile, then begin to make more lice.
First off, here’s what not to do: don’t shave your or your child’s head, or coat it with petroleum jelly or mayonnaise or anything else designed to “suffocate” the parasite. You’ll probably end up with greasy, smelly, lice-infested hair.
Current guidelines from the American Academy of Pediatrics call for the use of an over-the-counter product containing permethrin or pyrethrins as a first salvo against head lice. Shampoos and rinses made with these substances are generally effective. Most treatments for head lice need to be used twice, seven to 10 days apart, along with combing wet hair with a fine-toothed nit comb. Some lice are resistant to

########
Rank: 10
Score: 79.65482
Retrieved Text: Lice are a common problem seen in school going children though the problem is not restricted to only children. Lice are small microscopic organisms that infect the hair on our head, the body and sometimes even the pubic hair. It is essential to get rid of the lice as soon as possible or you will suffer from severe itching on the infected area.
Also, lice spread very fast from one person to another. Hence, it gets important to eliminate the lice and their eggs to arrest them from spreading.There are many over-the-counter medications available for treating lice. These include creams, gels, oils and shampoos. However, there is no guarantee that these will work. In this article we will give you effective remedies for treating lice at home.
Lice comb is a comb that is specifically used for removing the lice and their eggs from the hair. Lice comb is very narrow toothed and this helps in removal of the tiny lice. Take some warm castor oil and mix it with eucalyptus oil.Apply it on your scalp as well as hair. Use a wide toothed comb for removing the tangles from your hair. Now start running the lice comb through your hair.
You must also keep checking for lice after running the comb through the hair. Kill the lice and their eggs present on the comb. It is recommended that you use the lice comb outside the home. You can sit in your balcony and do this treatment. Even if a single louse falls on the floor or on the

########
Rank: 11
Score: 78.28734
Retrieved Text: Listed here are pure cures, prescription medications, and over-the-counter therapies that kill head lice. Want a nit-choosing hand? Rent a de-lousing service to handle the job. The necessity for effective, non-toxic remedy choices has sprouted a complete trade of people that concentrate on eradicating head lice. The Nationwide Association of Lice Remedy Professionals was launched in 2012 to convey some standards to the industry (and in response to complaints from consumers about a few of these companies.) It is most likely greatest to ask associates, neighbors, or the varsity nurse for suggestions for a dependable service.
It's best to method lice as a battle on many fronts: That you must use a wide range of strategies to kill not only adult lice, but also their tiny eggs (called nits), which are glued to the hair shaft. The nits can survive treatments that kill the adults and vice versa (These bugs have evolved over a millennium to reside in hair, so they're tough). Q: No, you solely want to wash clothes which were worn within the last 2-three days. For moderate to extreme infestation you may want wash garments in closets and drawers that have been instantly subsequent to a not too long ago worn, presumably infested, item of clothing.
Can head lice live in bedding?
A hair-covered scalp is their pure surroundings and that is where they dwell out their brief, blood-sucking life. A wholesome louse is not going to voluntarily crawl off your child's head, however they do generally fall off the head. Years in the past Albano-Krosche

########
Rank: 12
Score: 77.596405
Retrieved Text: A new method gets rid of head lice one and for all—and faster than ever.
Millions of kids throughout the United States get head lice every year. If your child has head lice, there’s no reason to feel guilty. But lice are creepy, and you don’t want your lice-infested child to be stigmatized or to miss days at school or fun on the weekends. The first question on your mind is probably “What’s the fastest way to get rid of head lice?” And if you know that lice eggs quickly become live lice, then you’re probably wondering, “What’s the fastest way to get rid of head lice and eggs”?
There are many different over-the-counter lice remedies on the market. The problem with them is that they don’t kill the lice eggs, which are also known as “nits.” If even a few nits are not killed or removed, they can hatch within one to twelve days and become live lice, breed, and re-infest your child’s head with more live lice, which will lay more nits, and the cycle continues.
It’s possible to remove most lice and nits yourself by very slowly and carefully combing through your child’s hair with a special “Terminator” comb. This typically requires your child to sit still for a couple of hours while you carefully comb through his hair. But because nits are so tiny and are naturally “glued” to the hair shaft, parents trying to do this themselves will rarely remove all of them. Leaving just a few live nits behind will allow those nits

########
Rank: 13
Score: 77.52118
Retrieved Text: Every child, parent and member of staff dread even the thought of head lice or nits. The information below is from the Buckinghamshire County Council Health and Safety Handbook.
We ask that all parents regularly check their child's hair for head lice. The only effective way of preventing head lice spreading in school is for every family to take equal responsibility to carry out regular checks. Please do not assume that you child does not have head lice and even if you have been lucky enough not to have experienced these critters, please check any way. No one is immune.
Anybody can get head lice – adults and children, even grandparents.
Head lice don’t care if the hair is dirty or clean, long or short.
A lot of infections are caught from close family and friends in the home and community, not school.
Wash the hair well, towel dry until damp but not dripping.
First comb the hair with an ordinary comb (you may put some conditioner on hair first to make combing easier).
Then, using the detection comb, touching the skin of the scalp at the top of the head, slowly draw the comb towards the end of the hair.
Carefully check the teeth of the comb in good light.
Repeat steps 3 and 4 working your way around the head from the top of the scalp to the ends of the hair. This will probably take 10-15 minutes.
If there are head lice you will find one or more on the teeth of the comb. Clean the comb under running water – a nailbrush

########
Rank: 14
Score: 76.95261
Retrieved Text: Keep lice away from hair, hats, coats, and more with the Nit Free Head Lice Repellent Spray. Naturally repel head lice with this spray, safely and without pesticide poisons.
Made with essential oils, this spray effectively covers hair, skin, and clothing with a pleasant scent that is naturally offensive to lice and their friends. Unlike pesticide-based lice treatments, Nit Free Spray is safe to use as often as necessary, without lengthy waiting periods for effectiveness.
Use with Nit Free Shampoo, Nit Free Conditioner, and the Nit Free Terminator Lice Comb (all sold separately) for a comprehensive, non-toxic lice treatment solution.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 76.9382
Retrieved Text: Is there anything more annoying than continuing to find nits after an over the counter treatment didn’t work? Yes, you could be facing another head lice outbreak. Nits can be difficult to remove. Lice Lifters makes it a priority to educate our DFW clients on what to do when those nagging nits won’t go away. Read on to learn more.
Remind Me, What’s a Nit?
The nit is the egg form of head lice. The nit is usually tightly attached to the hair near the scalp. They are attached by a glue-like substance that makes them hard to remove. Nits are not addressed by many common lice removal treatments. So, it’s important to know the best way to remove them to prevent the possibility of a second outbreak.
Let us help! Our nit comb is specially designed to aid in lifting the nits from the hair strand and off the scalp. Nits are held onto the strand with a kind of “glue” that can make them difficult to fully remove without the comb. Our trained Lice Lifticians are experienced and proficient in coming through the entire scalp and removing each and every nit from your child’s hair.
If you’ve heard of head lice issues in DFW, be on the lookout. Nits are easier to see in natural lights. So when you child comes home from camp, their friend’s house, or some other place where it’s possible they came in contact with head lice, take a look. Be especially sure to focus your attention near the scalp, because that’s where nits

########
Rank: 16
Score: 76.90206
Retrieved Text: Kids are going back to school, where head lice infestations are common. Take the steps to avoid it with our 11 ways to prevent head lice. Take the steps to avoid it with our 11 ways to prevent... Take a look to see how we can safely and painlessly eradicate your lice frustration. With us you can stop Buggin' Out! With us you can stop Buggin' Out! Welcome to Buggin' Out Lice Center.
12/09/2008 · If a lice treatment does not work once it is not going to work twice, in fact the lice that live will breed into a whole new batch that are resistant to that chemical. Luckily there are quite a few totally natural remedies available that readily kill head lice.
Then coat your hair with solution for 30 minutes, rinse out your hair and comb out with a fine toothed comb to remove lice. How often should you use these home remedies Use this home remedy one in a week to get optimal results.
Remove the dead lice and eggs (nits) using a metal lice comb. Because hair length and thickness and level of infestation varies, total treatment time will vary as well. But your home treatment process may be done in as little as 1 hour.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 76.85469
Retrieved Text: This may be one of the most disgusting things I've ever seen.
This has got to be one of the most disgusting videos I've ever watched. I don't know how this young girl acquired such a bad case of lice, but I was floored when I saw how much lice this woman was combing out of her hair. There are layers upon layers of lice sticking to the comb every time it's pulled through her short locks. Have you ever had lice or seen a case this bad?
According to the Mayo Clinic, head lice are small, wingless, parasitic insects that feed on your blood. As seen in this case of lice, they develop on the scalp, and are easiest seen at the nape of the neck and over the ears. Head lice live for approximately 30 days, and the females lay nearly six eggs a day, causing the multiplication of lice to be particularly rapid. In this video, it's hard to say how long the young girl has had lice as sometimes it takes up to three months for itchiness to develop. One thing's for sure: she has accrued a ton of the tiny insects!
Because lice are so easily spread, it's important to know how to get rid of it. Lice can be treated with special lotions and shampoos designed for repeated use in the case of head lice. After using a shampoo treatment it is best to rinse the hair with vinegar to help remove nits from the hair shaft. Cutting the hair short is also

########
Rank: 18
Score: 76.220345
Retrieved Text: Thursday Plantation Tea Tree Head Lice Kit contains a clear Tea Tree Head Lice gel to easily identify and cover nits and head lice and a specially designed comb with stainless steel, cylindrical teeth to gently eliminate nits and head lice.
Do not leave children unsupervised. Step1: Brush hair to remove knots. Step 2: Apply gel to dry hair, ensuring scalps and hair are completely covered. Step 3: Leave gel in hair for 20 minutes. Step 4: Rinse in warm water. Step 5: Comb through with nit comb provided, ensuring not to miss any sections of hair. Step 6: Wipe combings onto a tissue. Step 7: Rinse comb in warm water after each comb through. Repeat the above process in 7 days. If concerned about sensitivity, apply ½ teaspoon of gel to forearm and rinse after 20 minutes. If irritation occurs within the next 24 hours, do not use this product.
Use only as directed. For external use only. Avoid contact with eyes. If contact does occur flush eyes with cold water. If irritation occus, discontinue use. Keep out of reach of children. Do not use on children under 6 months of age without medical advice. Gel contains alcohol. Always read the label. Use only as directed. Incorrect use could be harmful. Consult your healthcare professional if symptoms persist.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 75.45082
Retrieved Text: Products related to "Lice B Gone Cap"
The Lice B Gone Cap is a revolutionary new way to solve head lice problems. Place the patented cap saturated with Lice B Gone over dry hair, remove after 60 minutes, comb out the lice and nits and rinse.
It's simple, convenient and clean. Each disposable Lice B Gone Cap has a soft, thick liner which is saturated with Lice B Gone, a safe non-toxic lice, nit and scabies treatment. This extra strength, 100% pesticide-free formula contains enzymes that are derived from natural plant sources. It has been clinically proven to be effective on lice without the use of harmful pesticides or irritating chemicals. It is also effective on the nits (eggs) - it softens the glue, which holds them to the hair shaft making them easier to remove with the nit comb.
This package contains one single-use Lice B Gone Cap and a professional nit comb, all the tools needed to treat one person.
Most cases only require one treatment, so you don't need to re-treat again in 7 days like other products. However, if re-exposure to lice should occur, Lice B Gone can be used as often as needed. Lice B Gone can be used by pregnant women, nursing mothers, young children and most people with asthma and allergies.
Direction: 1. Place the Lice Be Gone Cap over dry hair and massage treatment into hair until completely saturated. Longer hair may require user to bundle the hair on top of head prior to placement. Avoid getting liquid into the eyes.
2. After 60

########
Rank: 20
Score: 75.38663
Retrieved Text: Early Detection Is The Connection!
The best method to detect head lice in your child is through positive identification of a live bug. Because lice easily hide in hair the most effective method is through wet combing your child’s hair with conditioner and a fine tooth comb. We recommend that you use this procedure if your child shows signs of a persistent itchy scalp or you are aware of head to head contact with someone who was positively diagnosed with head lice. You can use this technique as many times as you like without harm to your child. It is also useful when combing hard to comb hair.
While combing your child’s hair you may discover nits or old egg sacs. This does not indicate your child has lice, but it does mean you should repeat the wet combing method every couple days to see if your child has a live louse in their hair.
If you find what you think is a live louse, bring it to the school nurse (free) or your health provider (may charge) for confirmation. Often people can have other bugs in their hair that are mistaken for a louse. This is very important in controlling and treating head lice.
Your school nurse or health provider will then advise you on the appropriate treatment for your child. There are prescriptions, over-the-counter medications, and non-toxic remedies. The type of treatment will be advised based on your child, your family’s lifestyle, and the extent of the problem. It is very important that you not treat your child

########
Rank: 21
Score: 75.14944
Retrieved Text: The mere mention of head lice. Are you itchy yet?
Well, it’s that time of year again; back to school = head lice season. The best thing you can do for your family is to be prepared. Perform weekly head checks on your children weekly with a good metal comb.
Head lice actually prefer clean heads. Although, they’ll take anything they can get, in a pinch.
No one can really pinpoint when and where a lice problem starts, the “Blame Game” is never fun and can cause hurt feelings.
People with color treated hair can still get head lice, grey, brunet, blonde or carrot-tops, are all equal targets.
Nits(lice eggs) are harmless once removed from the head (they cannot hatch).
Once removed from the head, live Lice (bugs)die within 48 hours.
Lice have become resistant to the Over-The-Counter pesticide treatments.
Kids are happy to see each other and show that in various ways like hugging (I know, weird) which suits the lice just fine since they crawl quickly. Flying and jumping aren’t their strong suits.
A mature fertilized louse (10 days old) can lay up 3-5 eggs a day twice daily, which will hatch in a week. Times that by 20+ kids and dozens of hugs and hat mix ups and well, let’s just say the lice are having a party.
The same mysterious diagnosis that takes place when you read about a rare disease and suddenly think you have it, also takes place when someone just mentions the word lice. Suddenly your head will start itching and you’ll be sure you have them. Your head

########
Rank: 22
Score: 74.548904
Retrieved Text: How can I get lice? I thought that I misheard the question so I said what. My friend again said aloud, how can I get lice?
As I sat there looking at him, he began to rant about how he takes a shower 3 times a day and styles his hair each time. For some weird reason, all of a sudden my head started to itch. I knew for certain that I did not have lice but I guess it was just the thought of him having it that made me nervous.
I was able to calm him down by explaining that lice are easy to get rid of but I also told him that the real issue is determining where the lice came from in the first place.
Most people that get lice or should I say everyone that gets lice asks the same question. How can I get lice? Clearly, lice are not picky like most of us, so they do not care about you being clean or dirty.
Lice just want to lay their eggs to create more lice. There is head lice, body lice and pubic lice, which most people refer to as crabs. All three versions of lice feed on human blood. I know disgusting and creepy.
Lice are like a real life game of cooties. You can catch lice by touching someone who has it already. It can also be spread by coming into contact with infected sheets, blankets, pillows, coats, home or school carpet and clothes among many other things. So far, there is

########
Rank: 23
Score: 74.230064
Retrieved Text: But, I know how to treat it quickly and effectively; and even better I know how to help stop them catching lice in the first place.
· Head lice are really tiny insects – about 2-3mm long.
· They haven’t got wings so they can’t fly and they can’t hop or jump but they can run or crawl fast.
· They have 6 legs with claws on the ends so that they can cling to hair.
· They really like kids’ (and adults’) heads. Clean or dirty hair, it’s all the same to them!
· They feed on the blood from the scalp of people and their bite makes the scalp itch.
· They need the warmth from the human scalp to live.
· They lay tiny white eggs, called nits, on hairs near the scalp. After about 7 days the eggs hatch.
· Head lice live for about 4-5 weeks.
· They cannot live for more than a couple of days on your pets.
· They cannot live for more than about 2 days on furniture, bedding and soft toys.
· Being very close to someone who has them – like a friend, someone in your family.
· Sharing hairbrushes, combs, clothes, hats, helmets, pillows, cushions and hair ties.
Basically do like the monkeys do!
Look through the hair at the scalp, you are looking for anything that looks like grains of sand either on the skin or attached to the hair.
So what do you do if you think you found lice? Well, there are heaps of different head lice treatments around but you don’t need to buy ­expensive,

########
Rank: 24
Score: 74.11446
Retrieved Text: Contracting head lice is one of the most unpleasant things a person could experience. There’s also a social stigma attached to it that can severely bring down your self-esteem. Worst of all, it’s contagious, so there’s the risk of passing on the lice to your family and friends. Having head lice completely makes things inconvenient for you and the first thing you’ll want to do is get rid of it. There are several natural ways to get rid of head lice, so that you won’t have to resort to using harsh chemicals that can be unhealthy for you.
Mayo Magic. Get hold of mayonnaise at room temperature. It’s important to get the regular kind, and not any other variation. Cover the infected hair liberally, spreading some even behind the ears and on the nape. Take a shower cap, cover the head and leave for two hours. Doing this kills the lice and even the eggs. After the prescribed time has passed, shampoo and rinse the hair until all grease has been removed. Vaseline is also an effective insecticide, but is more difficult to remove. You’ll have to douse your head with baby oil, rub it in thoroughly then wash the hair several times using dishwashing soap and warm water.
Homemade shampoo. You can make your own anti-lice shampoo. Using five teaspoons of olive or coconut carrier oil, five drops each of tea tree essential oil, rosemary essential oil, lavender essential oil, peppermint essential oil and eucalyptus oil, mix with some shampoo and apply to the hair. Make sure

########
Rank: 25
Score: 73.86758
Retrieved Text: Head Lice: Is it dangerous? And How To Diagnose It?
You may think that head lice are a sign of terrible hygiene. But, actually, the head lice are a common problem and everyone can get it. Therefore, here are some signs to recognize it and the way in which you can treat it.
How to know that you got a head lice?
1- Head lice are wingless, six-legged bugs. Their size is like a sesame seed. Their color varies from reddish to whitish brown. They feed on head blood, so they immediately die when removed. They keep away from light and are most active at night.
2- they put their eggs, nits, on the hair shaft. Nits look like dandruff and you cannot wash them out. You can identify them through their yellow, white or hair color.
3- now you can know if you got a Head lice, by recognizing their shape size and site. Commonly they cause scratching after several weeks of infestation.
4- To diagnose head lice, comb your wet hair with a fine tooth comb. Wet hair makes their movement difficult. And the fine tooth comb stuns them and makes it difficult for them to grip the hair. Wipe your comb out and search for lice or nits.
Is A Head Lice Dangerous?
– Head lice have a needle-like mouth and this cause itching and rash once they chew your scalp to get your blood.
– Like mosquitoes, the saliva of a head makes your scalp itchiness. The immune system takes a long period to broaden a sensitivity to louse saliva.
– In

########
Rank: 26
Score: 73.56759
Retrieved Text: Head lice are commonly seen in children those who are going to school, as it gets easily transferred from one to another’s hair and thereby it affects the whole family members. These are tiny parasites that infect the scalp and hair by leaving the infected person scratching till it gets cleared from hair.
These lice will lay eggs (nits) and increase its number, if not treated quickly. Treating the lice requires a lot of patience, attention and regular follow up till they cleared completely from the hair and scalp. Here we are going to find out an effective natural remedy that doesn’t require the usage of any harsh chemicals on the head for removing head lice.
That natural remedy is none other than coconut oil, which is fatty oil or semisolid fat that was extracted from fresh coconuts. It doesn’t have any harsh chemicals in it and thus allows the hair to grow naturally and healthy without any infections like head lice.
Coconut oil treats head lice very effectively with its amazing properties. Have a look on its properties that are mentioned below to know how it works for clearing head lice on scalp and hair.
It is rich in fatty content that helps to suffocate the lice and thus makes it harder to maintain grip on the hair follicles.
It has an excellent lubricating property that restricts the free movement of lice and prevents its growth.
Regular application of coconut oil on hair will control the head lice infestations and prevents its recurrence.
It makes the hair greasy which makes the lice

########
Rank: 27
Score: 73.5157
Retrieved Text: Treatment is needed only if you see one or more live lice. Empty eggshells (nits) do not always mean that you are infested with lice.
Nits can stick to hair even when lice are gone (for example, after treatment that kills the lice). You should only treat if you see live lice, not if you only see nits.
Mechanical method: wet combing using the Bug Buster® comb and method.
Dimeticone 92% (trade name: NYDA®).
Insecticides which work in a chemical way by poisoning the lice. In the UK the only one currently used is malathion 0.5% liquid (trade name: Derbac-M®).
The treatment chosen may depend on your personal preference and what you have tried before (if appropriate). Each treatment has a good chance of clearing head lice if applied or done correctly and if all affected people in the household are treated at the same time. Each treatment is briefly discussed below. However, for details of how to use each treatment, read the instructions that come with the packaging.
Dimeticone is a silicone-based product. Dimeticone 4% (trade name Hedrin®) has a good safety record and is widely used in cosmetics and toiletries. You should apply the lotion to dry hair. This needs to be done twice - seven days apart. Each application is left on for at least eight hours (overnight) and then washed off with shampoo and water.
Dimeticone is suitable for all ages, those with skin conditions and those with asthma. It is suitable for women who are pregnant or breast-feeding. It is available on prescription. You can also buy dimeticone

########
Rank: 28
Score: 73.41375
Retrieved Text: Step 1: Ladibugs Mint serum is a pesticide-free product for head lice elimination. Shake well and apply to dry hair. Let sit in hair for 15 minutes. Wash out Mint Serum.
Step 2: Ladibugs Mousse is a pesticide-free product for nit and egg elimination. Apply to damp hair. Let sit for 5 minutes. Reapply Mousse and wait an additional 5 minutes.
comb through hair thoroughly. Here are our follow-up instructions.
Watch our How-To Video to see how easy it is!
The Ladibugs Lice Comb Uses a layer of precise, stainless steel, and spiral-grooved teeth. This design works effectively to remove both lice and nits, creating less drag on the hair while combing. The metal handle with grip ridges help with control when hands are slippery during lice treatment comb out.
We also offer a full line of lice prevention products.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 73.33971
Retrieved Text: Lice are parasitic insects that live on the human body, and they are highly contagious. While lice do not carry any diseases, having them can be itchy and uncomfortable.
Lice have existed for as long as humans. While some types can live elsewhere on the body, the most common species lives in the hair on the head. Head lice consume blood from the scalp, and this feeding is what makes a person itch.
While anyone can contract lice, they are particularly common in children who attend preschools or elementary schools. It is important to note that having lice is not a sign of poor hygiene.
In this article, learn more about how people get lice.
Head lice will only affect humans.
Lice can spread through physical contact. They cannot fly or jump, but they can crawl from one head to another. This can happen when people's strands of hair meet during close contact.
Researchers are unsure where lice originated, but they know that lice have affected primates for at least 25 million years, eventually spreading to humans.
Head lice only affect humans, and they will not jump onto pets or other animals.
Lice can also travel on objects that have touched the head. A person may get lice after sharing objects such as hats or towels.
However, lice cannot survive long without feeding. They must move to a new head within around 24 hours, or they will die.
Nymphs, which are young lice, can only survive for a few hours outside of a human scalp.
Elementary school- or preschool-aged girls are the group most likely to get

================



======= Instance Index 8996 =========
Input Text: If a description of a situation begins like this: [header] How to buy government foreclosures [title] Learn about hud foreclosures. [step] Among homes available in hud foreclosure listings are home foreclosures from the irs, fdic and customs. A common source of hud foreclosures are when an owner defaults on a loan from the federal housing administration (fha).... Then how
does it continue? 

Ending 1: " government loan " or " government loan finance " are atms that then receive the loan on a regular basis. The federal government also sells mortgage rates to protect the company and prevent foreclosures from getting bad if successful.

Ending 2: [substeps] The process begins when a homeowner with an fha backed loan defaults on their mortgage. After the home has been foreclosed on, hud pays off the remaining debt on the homeowner's fha loan.

Ending 3: New and updated and newer buildings and political buildings-including neighborhood at both locations-compete for federal foreclosures. These property offers basic housing, but its environment can also provide private and public housing.

Ending 4: You can learn more by researching government foreclosures, if you are interested in acquiring the property yourself. A special process that the u.s.

Target Text: Ending 2

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 98.03202
Retrieved Text: Bank Foreclosures Sale offers great opportunities to buy foreclosed homes in Granby, CO up to 60% below market value! Our up-to-date Granby foreclosure listings include different types of cheap homes for sale like: Granby bank owned foreclosures, pre-foreclosures, foreclosure auctions and government foreclosure homes in Granby, CO. Buy your dream home today through our listings of foreclosures in Granby, CO.
Get instant access to the most accurate database of Granby bank owned homes and Granby government foreclosed properties for sale. Bank Foreclosures Sale offers America's most reliable and up-to-date listings of bank foreclosures in Granby, Colorado. Try our lists of cheap Granby foreclosure homes now!
Information on: Granby foreclosed homes, HUD homes, VA repo homes, pre foreclosures, single and multi-family houses, apartments, condos, tax lien foreclosures, federal homes, bank owned (REO) properties, government tax liens, Granby foreclosures and more!
BankForeclosuresSale.com offers different kinds of houses for sale in Granby, CO. In our listings you find Granby bank owned properties, repo homes, government foreclosed houses, preforeclosures, home auctions, short sales, VA foreclosures, Freddie Mac Homes, Fannie Mae homes and HUD foreclosures in Granby, CO. All Granby REO homes for sale offer excellent foreclosure deals.
Through our updated Granby REO property listings you will find many different styles of repossessed homes in Granby, CO. Find Granby condo foreclosures, single & multifamily homes, residential & commercial foreclosures, farms, mobiles, duplex & triplex, and apartment foreclosures for sale in Granby, CO. Find the ideal bank foreclosure in Granby that fit your needs!
Bank Foreclosures Sale offers Granby Government Foreclosures too!
We have an extensive number of

########
Rank: 1
Score: 97.93643
Retrieved Text: Cheap Manteca Foreclosed Homes | Buy Government Repo Houses!
Buy Cheap Manteca Foreclosed Homes for Sale!
Searching for cheap Manteca foreclosed homes for sale? We offer listings of Manteca repo homes and comprehensive information on how to buy repossessed properties in Manteca including all types of repo houses such as short sales, government foreclosures, bank owned homes and real estate auctions. Explore our lists of discount government repo houses in Manteca, CA including single and multi family homes, condos, apartments and lands.
Manteca CA real estate foreclosure homes are an excellent source for cheap foreclosure real estate since Manteca CA foreclosed homes are sold for below market prices. Here you'll find the best resource for Manteca CA foreclosures available. Our foreclosure list will help you discover hundreds of foreclosure homes for sale in Manteca, CA. Investments in foreclosed homes in Manteca, CA pay off in the long term, so whether you're buying Manteca bank foreclosures for sale or foreclosed houses for sale from government lenders, your properties will continue to earn value. Buying discount Manteca foreclosure homes for sale also creates big profit margins for future Manteca foreclosure house sales. Learn all about Manteca real estate foreclosure investing and repossessed homes and search our home foreclosure listings today!
Find great investment opportunities on Manteca bank owned homes (reo homes), where a great number of apartments for sale, single family homes, multi-family homes, duplex, triplex, lofts, farms, lands, townhomes, mobiles, condos, and other Manteca repo homes are currently below market value. Our up-to-date listings of Manteca government foreclosures for sale offer

########
Rank: 2
Score: 97.89055
Retrieved Text: Bank Foreclosures Sale offers great opportunities to buy foreclosed homes in Harrison, AR up to 60% below market value! Our up-to-date Harrison foreclosure listings include different types of cheap homes for sale like: Harrison bank owned foreclosures, pre-foreclosures, foreclosure auctions and government foreclosure homes in Harrison, AR. Buy your dream home today through our listings of foreclosures in Harrison, AR.
Get instant access to the most accurate database of Harrison bank owned homes and Harrison government foreclosed properties for sale. Bank Foreclosures Sale offers America's most reliable and up-to-date listings of bank foreclosures in Harrison, Arkansas. Try our lists of cheap Harrison foreclosure homes now!
Information on: Harrison foreclosed homes, HUD homes, VA repo homes, pre foreclosures, single and multi-family houses, apartments, condos, tax lien foreclosures, federal homes, bank owned (REO) properties, government tax liens, Harrison foreclosures and more!
BankForeclosuresSale.com offers different kinds of houses for sale in Harrison, AR. In our listings you find Harrison bank owned properties, repo homes, government foreclosed houses, preforeclosures, home auctions, short sales, VA foreclosures, Freddie Mac Homes, Fannie Mae homes and HUD foreclosures in Harrison, AR. All Harrison REO homes for sale offer excellent foreclosure deals.
Through our updated Harrison REO property listings you will find many different styles of repossessed homes in Harrison, AR. Find Harrison condo foreclosures, single & multifamily homes, residential & commercial foreclosures, farms, mobiles, duplex & triplex, and apartment foreclosures for sale in Harrison, AR. Find the ideal bank foreclosure in Harrison that fit your needs!
Bank Foreclosures Sale offers Harrison Government Foreclosures too!
We have an extensive number of

########
Rank: 3
Score: 97.87161
Retrieved Text: HUDforeclosed provides the latest, nationwide listings of government foreclosure homes and HUD foreclosure listings by state. Search our exclusive database to find government houses for sale: HUD Homes, VA foreclosures, Fannie Mae Foreclosures and Freddie Mac Foreclosures.
In general, government houses for sale are repossessed properties which have finished a formal foreclosure process. Government foreclosure homes are typically owned by federal service enterprises, which provided financial guarantees or performed other financial transactions with mortgage lenders making initial home loans. Certain types of loan defaults result in the government becoming owners of these homes, and the properties are made for sale as VA Foreclosures, Fannie Mae Foreclosures, Freddie Mac Foreclosures and HUD foreclosure listings.
The government is not interested in owning private homes and is a motivated seller of their government houses for sale. As such, there are often creative pricing and financing programs offered that make these low cost homes even more tremendous bargains. HUD homes may offer special financing packages on select home locations. Fannie Mae foreclosures may allow lower loan qualification levels and transaction cost savings. Freddie Mac foreclosures may include certain repairs and updates. VA foreclosures can offer veterans and non-veterans alike special low financing rates.
Regardless of the type of government foreclosure homes involved, they are an important element of any search for low cost, and below market priced homes. These bargains don't last long on the open market. Check today's listings on HUDforeclosed for the latest available government foreclosed homes in your state.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 97.86864
Retrieved Text: Cheap Brockton Foreclosed Homes | Buy Government Repo Houses!
Need Help to Stop Foreclosure in Brockton, MA?
Buy Cheap Brockton Foreclosed Homes for Sale!
Searching for cheap Brockton foreclosed homes for sale? We offer listings of Brockton repo homes and comprehensive information on how to buy repossessed properties in Brockton including all types of repo houses such as short sales, government foreclosures, bank owned homes and real estate auctions. Explore our lists of discount government repo houses in Brockton, MA including single and multi family homes, condos, apartments and lands.
Brockton MA real estate foreclosure homes are an excellent source for cheap foreclosure real estate since Brockton MA foreclosed homes are sold for below market prices. Here you'll find the best resource for Brockton MA foreclosures available. Our foreclosure list will help you discover hundreds of foreclosure homes for sale in Brockton, MA. Investments in foreclosed homes in Brockton, MA pay off in the long term, so whether you're buying Brockton bank foreclosures for sale or foreclosed houses for sale from government lenders, your properties will continue to earn value. Buying discount Brockton foreclosure homes for sale also creates big profit margins for future Brockton foreclosure house sales. Learn all about Brockton real estate foreclosure investing and repossessed homes and search our home foreclosure listings today!
Find great investment opportunities on Brockton bank owned homes (reo homes), where a great number of apartments for sale, single family homes, multi-family homes, duplex, triplex, lofts, farms, lands, townhomes, mobiles, condos, and other Brockton repo homes are currently below market value. Our up-to-date listings

########
Rank: 5
Score: 97.81376
Retrieved Text: Kentucky HUD homes and government houses for sale. Looking for VA foreclosures, Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac or HUD foreclosures for sale? Check our governement foreclosure homes listings for Kentucky. Available homes listings are organized by Kentucky county, city and ZIP codes. Search a preferred area to see the latest government foreclosures and see how low prices can go.
Like bank foreclosures, government foreclosures are represented by a motivated buyer: in this case, the government. Kentucky HUD homes need to be sold quickly because the government does not have an interest in owning private homes. Government agencies help promote home ownership through indirect means, such as loan guarantees and buyer assistance programs. When loans go bad, the government takes back homes as VA foreclosures, Fannie Mae foreclosures, Freddie Mac foreclosures and HUD homes.
Use HUDforeclosed's advanced search capability to see the latest HUD foreclosures for sale now in any Kentucky county, city and ZIP code. Check the listing details on low priced Fannie Mae foreclosures and Freddie Mac foreclosures to see if they are pre-approved for special financing programs. VA foreclosures in Kentucky can be listed below market levels, plus offer available low cost financing packages to veterans and non-veterans alike. And to encourage home ownership, certain Kentucky HUD homes may be available for sale with financing packages unavailable from any standard bank!
All types of government foreclosures are subject to immediate sale and listings change often. Check the listings on HUDforeclosed.com for the widest selection of discount government houses for sale today in Kentucky.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 97.81294
Retrieved Text: Bank Foreclosures Sale offers great opportunities to buy foreclosed homes in Pansey, AL up to 60% below market value! Our up-to-date Pansey foreclosure listings include different types of cheap homes for sale like: Pansey bank owned foreclosures, pre-foreclosures, foreclosure auctions and government foreclosure homes in Pansey, AL. Buy your dream home today through our listings of foreclosures in Pansey, AL.
Get instant access to the most accurate database of Pansey bank owned homes and Pansey government foreclosed properties for sale. Bank Foreclosures Sale offers America's most reliable and up-to-date listings of bank foreclosures in Pansey, Alabama. Try our lists of cheap Pansey foreclosure homes now!
Information on: Pansey foreclosed homes, HUD homes, VA repo homes, pre foreclosures, single and multi-family houses, apartments, condos, tax lien foreclosures, federal homes, bank owned (REO) properties, government tax liens, Pansey foreclosures and more!
BankForeclosuresSale.com offers different kinds of houses for sale in Pansey, AL. In our listings you find Pansey bank owned properties, repo homes, government foreclosed houses, preforeclosures, home auctions, short sales, VA foreclosures, Freddie Mac Homes, Fannie Mae homes and HUD foreclosures in Pansey, AL. All Pansey REO homes for sale offer excellent foreclosure deals.
Through our updated Pansey REO property listings you will find many different styles of repossessed homes in Pansey, AL. Find Pansey condo foreclosures, single & multifamily homes, residential & commercial foreclosures, farms, mobiles, duplex & triplex, and apartment foreclosures for sale in Pansey, AL. Find the ideal bank foreclosure in Pansey that fit your needs!
Bank Foreclosures Sale offers Pansey Government Foreclosures too!
We have an extensive number of

########
Rank: 7
Score: 97.81294
Retrieved Text: Bank Foreclosures Sale offers great opportunities to buy foreclosed homes in Gardner, MA up to 60% below market value! Our up-to-date Gardner foreclosure listings include different types of cheap homes for sale like: Gardner bank owned foreclosures, pre-foreclosures, foreclosure auctions and government foreclosure homes in Gardner, MA. Buy your dream home today through our listings of foreclosures in Gardner, MA.
Get instant access to the most accurate database of Gardner bank owned homes and Gardner government foreclosed properties for sale. Bank Foreclosures Sale offers America's most reliable and up-to-date listings of bank foreclosures in Gardner, Massachusetts. Try our lists of cheap Gardner foreclosure homes now!
Information on: Gardner foreclosed homes, HUD homes, VA repo homes, pre foreclosures, single and multi-family houses, apartments, condos, tax lien foreclosures, federal homes, bank owned (REO) properties, government tax liens, Gardner foreclosures and more!
BankForeclosuresSale.com offers different kinds of houses for sale in Gardner, MA. In our listings you find Gardner bank owned properties, repo homes, government foreclosed houses, preforeclosures, home auctions, short sales, VA foreclosures, Freddie Mac Homes, Fannie Mae homes and HUD foreclosures in Gardner, MA. All Gardner REO homes for sale offer excellent foreclosure deals.
Through our updated Gardner REO property listings you will find many different styles of repossessed homes in Gardner, MA. Find Gardner condo foreclosures, single & multifamily homes, residential & commercial foreclosures, farms, mobiles, duplex & triplex, and apartment foreclosures for sale in Gardner, MA. Find the ideal bank foreclosure in Gardner that fit your needs!
Bank Foreclosures Sale offers Gardner Government Foreclosures too!
We have an extensive number of

########
Rank: 8
Score: 97.81294
Retrieved Text: Bank Foreclosures Sale offers great opportunities to buy foreclosed homes in Alma, AR up to 60% below market value! Our up-to-date Alma foreclosure listings include different types of cheap homes for sale like: Alma bank owned foreclosures, pre-foreclosures, foreclosure auctions and government foreclosure homes in Alma, AR. Buy your dream home today through our listings of foreclosures in Alma, AR.
Get instant access to the most accurate database of Alma bank owned homes and Alma government foreclosed properties for sale. Bank Foreclosures Sale offers America's most reliable and up-to-date listings of bank foreclosures in Alma, Arkansas. Try our lists of cheap Alma foreclosure homes now!
Information on: Alma foreclosed homes, HUD homes, VA repo homes, pre foreclosures, single and multi-family houses, apartments, condos, tax lien foreclosures, federal homes, bank owned (REO) properties, government tax liens, Alma foreclosures and more!
BankForeclosuresSale.com offers different kinds of houses for sale in Alma, AR. In our listings you find Alma bank owned properties, repo homes, government foreclosed houses, preforeclosures, home auctions, short sales, VA foreclosures, Freddie Mac Homes, Fannie Mae homes and HUD foreclosures in Alma, AR. All Alma REO homes for sale offer excellent foreclosure deals.
Through our updated Alma REO property listings you will find many different styles of repossessed homes in Alma, AR. Find Alma condo foreclosures, single & multifamily homes, residential & commercial foreclosures, farms, mobiles, duplex & triplex, and apartment foreclosures for sale in Alma, AR. Find the ideal bank foreclosure in Alma that fit your needs!
Bank Foreclosures Sale offers Alma Government Foreclosures too!
We have an extensive number of

########
Rank: 9
Score: 97.81294
Retrieved Text: Bank Foreclosures Sale offers great opportunities to buy foreclosed homes in Mentone, AL up to 60% below market value! Our up-to-date Mentone foreclosure listings include different types of cheap homes for sale like: Mentone bank owned foreclosures, pre-foreclosures, foreclosure auctions and government foreclosure homes in Mentone, AL. Buy your dream home today through our listings of foreclosures in Mentone, AL.
Get instant access to the most accurate database of Mentone bank owned homes and Mentone government foreclosed properties for sale. Bank Foreclosures Sale offers America's most reliable and up-to-date listings of bank foreclosures in Mentone, Alabama. Try our lists of cheap Mentone foreclosure homes now!
Information on: Mentone foreclosed homes, HUD homes, VA repo homes, pre foreclosures, single and multi-family houses, apartments, condos, tax lien foreclosures, federal homes, bank owned (REO) properties, government tax liens, Mentone foreclosures and more!
BankForeclosuresSale.com offers different kinds of houses for sale in Mentone, AL. In our listings you find Mentone bank owned properties, repo homes, government foreclosed houses, preforeclosures, home auctions, short sales, VA foreclosures, Freddie Mac Homes, Fannie Mae homes and HUD foreclosures in Mentone, AL. All Mentone REO homes for sale offer excellent foreclosure deals.
Through our updated Mentone REO property listings you will find many different styles of repossessed homes in Mentone, AL. Find Mentone condo foreclosures, single & multifamily homes, residential & commercial foreclosures, farms, mobiles, duplex & triplex, and apartment foreclosures for sale in Mentone, AL. Find the ideal bank foreclosure in Mentone that fit your needs!
Bank Foreclosures Sale offers Mentone Government Foreclosures too!
We have an extensive number of

########
Rank: 10
Score: 97.81294
Retrieved Text: Bank Foreclosures Sale offers great opportunities to buy foreclosed homes in Rison, AR up to 60% below market value! Our up-to-date Rison foreclosure listings include different types of cheap homes for sale like: Rison bank owned foreclosures, pre-foreclosures, foreclosure auctions and government foreclosure homes in Rison, AR. Buy your dream home today through our listings of foreclosures in Rison, AR.
Get instant access to the most accurate database of Rison bank owned homes and Rison government foreclosed properties for sale. Bank Foreclosures Sale offers America's most reliable and up-to-date listings of bank foreclosures in Rison, Arkansas. Try our lists of cheap Rison foreclosure homes now!
Information on: Rison foreclosed homes, HUD homes, VA repo homes, pre foreclosures, single and multi-family houses, apartments, condos, tax lien foreclosures, federal homes, bank owned (REO) properties, government tax liens, Rison foreclosures and more!
BankForeclosuresSale.com offers different kinds of houses for sale in Rison, AR. In our listings you find Rison bank owned properties, repo homes, government foreclosed houses, preforeclosures, home auctions, short sales, VA foreclosures, Freddie Mac Homes, Fannie Mae homes and HUD foreclosures in Rison, AR. All Rison REO homes for sale offer excellent foreclosure deals.
Through our updated Rison REO property listings you will find many different styles of repossessed homes in Rison, AR. Find Rison condo foreclosures, single & multifamily homes, residential & commercial foreclosures, farms, mobiles, duplex & triplex, and apartment foreclosures for sale in Rison, AR. Find the ideal bank foreclosure in Rison that fit your needs!
Bank Foreclosures Sale offers Rison Government Foreclosures too!
We have an extensive number of

########
Rank: 11
Score: 97.81294
Retrieved Text: Bank Foreclosures Sale offers great opportunities to buy foreclosed homes in Waipahu, HI up to 60% below market value! Our up-to-date Waipahu foreclosure listings include different types of cheap homes for sale like: Waipahu bank owned foreclosures, pre-foreclosures, foreclosure auctions and government foreclosure homes in Waipahu, HI. Buy your dream home today through our listings of foreclosures in Waipahu, HI.
Get instant access to the most accurate database of Waipahu bank owned homes and Waipahu government foreclosed properties for sale. Bank Foreclosures Sale offers America's most reliable and up-to-date listings of bank foreclosures in Waipahu, Hawaii. Try our lists of cheap Waipahu foreclosure homes now!
Information on: Waipahu foreclosed homes, HUD homes, VA repo homes, pre foreclosures, single and multi-family houses, apartments, condos, tax lien foreclosures, federal homes, bank owned (REO) properties, government tax liens, Waipahu foreclosures and more!
BankForeclosuresSale.com offers different kinds of houses for sale in Waipahu, HI. In our listings you find Waipahu bank owned properties, repo homes, government foreclosed houses, preforeclosures, home auctions, short sales, VA foreclosures, Freddie Mac Homes, Fannie Mae homes and HUD foreclosures in Waipahu, HI. All Waipahu REO homes for sale offer excellent foreclosure deals.
Through our updated Waipahu REO property listings you will find many different styles of repossessed homes in Waipahu, HI. Find Waipahu condo foreclosures, single & multifamily homes, residential & commercial foreclosures, farms, mobiles, duplex & triplex, and apartment foreclosures for sale in Waipahu, HI. Find the ideal bank foreclosure in Waipahu that fit your needs!
Bank Foreclosures Sale offers Waipahu Government Foreclosures too!
We have an extensive number of

########
Rank: 12
Score: 97.809555
Retrieved Text: Cheap Woonsocket Foreclosed Homes | Buy Government Repo Houses!
Buy Cheap Woonsocket Foreclosed Homes for Sale!
Searching for cheap Woonsocket foreclosed homes for sale? We offer listings of Woonsocket repo homes and comprehensive information on how to buy repossessed properties in Woonsocket including all types of repo houses such as short sales, government foreclosures, bank owned homes and real estate auctions. Explore our lists of discount government repo houses in Woonsocket, RI including single and multi family homes, condos, apartments and lands.
Woonsocket RI real estate foreclosure homes are an excellent source for cheap foreclosure real estate since Woonsocket RI foreclosed homes are sold for below market prices. Here you'll find the best resource for Woonsocket RI foreclosures available. Our foreclosure list will help you discover hundreds of foreclosure homes for sale in Woonsocket, RI. Investments in foreclosed homes in Woonsocket, RI pay off in the long term, so whether you're buying Woonsocket bank foreclosures for sale or foreclosed houses for sale from government lenders, your properties will continue to earn value. Buying discount Woonsocket foreclosure homes for sale also creates big profit margins for future Woonsocket foreclosure house sales. Learn all about Woonsocket real estate foreclosure investing and repossessed homes and search our home foreclosure listings today!
Find great investment opportunities on Woonsocket bank owned homes (reo homes), where a great number of apartments for sale, single family homes, multi-family homes, duplex, triplex, lofts, farms, lands, townhomes, mobiles, condos, and other Woonsocket repo homes are currently below market value. Our up-to-date listings of Woonsocket government foreclosures for sale offer

########
Rank: 13
Score: 97.800964
Retrieved Text: Bank Foreclosures Sale offers great opportunities to buy foreclosed homes in Kinsey, AL up to 60% below market value! Our up-to-date Kinsey foreclosure listings include different types of cheap homes for sale like: Kinsey bank owned foreclosures, pre-foreclosures, foreclosure auctions and government foreclosure homes in Kinsey, AL. Buy your dream home today through our listings of foreclosures in Kinsey, AL.
Get instant access to the most accurate database of Kinsey bank owned homes and Kinsey government foreclosed properties for sale. Bank Foreclosures Sale offers America's most reliable and up-to-date listings of bank foreclosures in Kinsey, Alabama. Try our lists of cheap Kinsey foreclosure homes now!
Information on: Kinsey foreclosed homes, HUD homes, VA repo homes, pre foreclosures, single and multi-family houses, apartments, condos, tax lien foreclosures, federal homes, bank owned (REO) properties, government tax liens, Kinsey foreclosures and more!
BankForeclosuresSale.com offers different kinds of houses for sale in Kinsey, AL. In our listings you find Kinsey bank owned properties, repo homes, government foreclosed houses, preforeclosures, home auctions, short sales, VA foreclosures, Freddie Mac Homes, Fannie Mae homes and HUD foreclosures in Kinsey, AL. All Kinsey REO homes for sale offer excellent foreclosure deals.
Through our updated Kinsey REO property listings you will find many different styles of repossessed homes in Kinsey, AL. Find Kinsey condo foreclosures, single & multifamily homes, residential & commercial foreclosures, farms, mobiles, duplex & triplex, and apartment foreclosures for sale in Kinsey, AL. Find the ideal bank foreclosure in Kinsey that fit your needs!
Bank Foreclosures Sale offers Kinsey Government Foreclosures too!
We have an extensive number of

########
Rank: 14
Score: 97.800964
Retrieved Text: Bank Foreclosures Sale offers great opportunities to buy foreclosed homes in Eureka Springs, AR up to 60% below market value! Our up-to-date Eureka Springs foreclosure listings include different types of cheap homes for sale like: Eureka Springs bank owned foreclosures, pre-foreclosures, foreclosure auctions and government foreclosure homes in Eureka Springs, AR. Buy your dream home today through our listings of foreclosures in Eureka Springs, AR.
Get instant access to the most accurate database of Eureka Springs bank owned homes and Eureka Springs government foreclosed properties for sale. Bank Foreclosures Sale offers America's most reliable and up-to-date listings of bank foreclosures in Eureka Springs, Arkansas. Try our lists of cheap Eureka Springs foreclosure homes now!
Information on: Eureka Springs foreclosed homes, HUD homes, VA repo homes, pre foreclosures, single and multi-family houses, apartments, condos, tax lien foreclosures, federal homes, bank owned (REO) properties, government tax liens, Eureka Springs foreclosures and more!
BankForeclosuresSale.com offers different kinds of houses for sale in Eureka Springs, AR. In our listings you find Eureka Springs bank owned properties, repo homes, government foreclosed houses, preforeclosures, home auctions, short sales, VA foreclosures, Freddie Mac Homes, Fannie Mae homes and HUD foreclosures in Eureka Springs, AR. All Eureka Springs REO homes for sale offer excellent foreclosure deals.
Through our updated Eureka Springs REO property listings you will find many different styles of repossessed homes in Eureka Springs, AR. Find Eureka Springs condo foreclosures, single & multifamily homes, residential & commercial foreclosures, farms, mobiles, duplex & triplex, and apartment foreclosures for sale in Eureka Springs, AR. Find the ideal bank

########
Rank: 15
Score: 97.800964
Retrieved Text: Bank Foreclosures Sale offers great opportunities to buy foreclosed homes in Hayden, AL up to 60% below market value! Our up-to-date Hayden foreclosure listings include different types of cheap homes for sale like: Hayden bank owned foreclosures, pre-foreclosures, foreclosure auctions and government foreclosure homes in Hayden, AL. Buy your dream home today through our listings of foreclosures in Hayden, AL.
Get instant access to the most accurate database of Hayden bank owned homes and Hayden government foreclosed properties for sale. Bank Foreclosures Sale offers America's most reliable and up-to-date listings of bank foreclosures in Hayden, Alabama. Try our lists of cheap Hayden foreclosure homes now!
Information on: Hayden foreclosed homes, HUD homes, VA repo homes, pre foreclosures, single and multi-family houses, apartments, condos, tax lien foreclosures, federal homes, bank owned (REO) properties, government tax liens, Hayden foreclosures and more!
BankForeclosuresSale.com offers different kinds of houses for sale in Hayden, AL. In our listings you find Hayden bank owned properties, repo homes, government foreclosed houses, preforeclosures, home auctions, short sales, VA foreclosures, Freddie Mac Homes, Fannie Mae homes and HUD foreclosures in Hayden, AL. All Hayden REO homes for sale offer excellent foreclosure deals.
Through our updated Hayden REO property listings you will find many different styles of repossessed homes in Hayden, AL. Find Hayden condo foreclosures, single & multifamily homes, residential & commercial foreclosures, farms, mobiles, duplex & triplex, and apartment foreclosures for sale in Hayden, AL. Find the ideal bank foreclosure in Hayden that fit your needs!
Bank Foreclosures Sale offers Hayden Government Foreclosures too!
We have an extensive number of

########
Rank: 16
Score: 97.776505
Retrieved Text: Bank Foreclosures Sale offers great opportunities to buy foreclosed homes in Bayfield, CO up to 60% below market value! Our up-to-date Bayfield foreclosure listings include different types of cheap homes for sale like: Bayfield bank owned foreclosures, pre-foreclosures, foreclosure auctions and government foreclosure homes in Bayfield, CO. Buy your dream home today through our listings of foreclosures in Bayfield, CO.
Get instant access to the most accurate database of Bayfield bank owned homes and Bayfield government foreclosed properties for sale. Bank Foreclosures Sale offers America's most reliable and up-to-date listings of bank foreclosures in Bayfield, Colorado. Try our lists of cheap Bayfield foreclosure homes now!
Information on: Bayfield foreclosed homes, HUD homes, VA repo homes, pre foreclosures, single and multi-family houses, apartments, condos, tax lien foreclosures, federal homes, bank owned (REO) properties, government tax liens, Bayfield foreclosures and more!
BankForeclosuresSale.com offers different kinds of houses for sale in Bayfield, CO. In our listings you find Bayfield bank owned properties, repo homes, government foreclosed houses, preforeclosures, home auctions, short sales, VA foreclosures, Freddie Mac Homes, Fannie Mae homes and HUD foreclosures in Bayfield, CO. All Bayfield REO homes for sale offer excellent foreclosure deals.
Through our updated Bayfield REO property listings you will find many different styles of repossessed homes in Bayfield, CO. Find Bayfield condo foreclosures, single & multifamily homes, residential & commercial foreclosures, farms, mobiles, duplex & triplex, and apartment foreclosures for sale in Bayfield, CO. Find the ideal bank foreclosure in Bayfield that fit your needs!
Bank Foreclosures Sale offers Bayfield Government Foreclosures too!
We have an extensive number of

########
Rank: 17
Score: 97.744484
Retrieved Text: Idaho HUD homes and government houses for sale. Looking for VA foreclosures, Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac or HUD foreclosures for sale? Check our governement foreclosure homes listings for Idaho. Available homes listings are organized by Idaho county, city and ZIP codes. Search a preferred area to see the latest government foreclosures and see how low prices can go.
Like bank foreclosures, government foreclosures are represented by a motivated buyer: in this case, the government. Idaho HUD homes need to be sold quickly because the government does not have an interest in owning private homes. Government agencies help promote home ownership through indirect means, such as loan guarantees and buyer assistance programs. When loans go bad, the government takes back homes as VA foreclosures, Fannie Mae foreclosures, Freddie Mac foreclosures and HUD homes.
Use HUDforeclosed's advanced search capability to see the latest HUD foreclosures for sale now in any Idaho county, city and ZIP code. Check the listing details on low priced Fannie Mae foreclosures and Freddie Mac foreclosures to see if they are pre-approved for special financing programs. VA foreclosures in Idaho can be listed below market levels, plus offer available low cost financing packages to veterans and non-veterans alike. And to encourage home ownership, certain Idaho HUD homes may be available for sale with financing packages unavailable from any standard bank!
All types of government foreclosures are subject to immediate sale and listings change often. Check the listings on HUDforeclosed.com for the widest selection of discount government houses for sale today in Idaho.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 97.7443
Retrieved Text: Cheap Crosby Foreclosed Homes | Buy Government Repo Houses!
Buy Cheap Crosby Foreclosed Homes for Sale!
Searching for cheap Crosby foreclosed homes for sale? We offer listings of Crosby repo homes and comprehensive information on how to buy repossessed properties in Crosby including all types of repo houses such as short sales, government foreclosures, bank owned homes and real estate auctions. Explore our lists of discount government repo houses in Crosby, TX including single and multi family homes, condos, apartments and lands.
Crosby TX real estate foreclosure homes are an excellent source for cheap foreclosure real estate since Crosby TX foreclosed homes are sold for below market prices. Here you'll find the best resource for Crosby TX foreclosures available. Our foreclosure list will help you discover hundreds of foreclosure homes for sale in Crosby, TX. Investments in foreclosed homes in Crosby, TX pay off in the long term, so whether you're buying Crosby bank foreclosures for sale or foreclosed houses for sale from government lenders, your properties will continue to earn value. Buying discount Crosby foreclosure homes for sale also creates big profit margins for future Crosby foreclosure house sales. Learn all about Crosby real estate foreclosure investing and repossessed homes and search our home foreclosure listings today!
Find great investment opportunities on Crosby bank owned homes (reo homes), where a great number of apartments for sale, single family homes, multi-family homes, duplex, triplex, lofts, farms, lands, townhomes, mobiles, condos, and other Crosby repo homes are currently below market value. Our up-to-date listings of Crosby government foreclosures for sale offer

########
Rank: 19
Score: 97.73972
Retrieved Text: Cheap Seabrook Foreclosed Homes | Buy Government Repo Houses!
Buy Cheap Seabrook Foreclosed Homes for Sale!
Searching for cheap Seabrook foreclosed homes for sale? We offer listings of Seabrook repo homes and comprehensive information on how to buy repossessed properties in Seabrook including all types of repo houses such as short sales, government foreclosures, bank owned homes and real estate auctions. Explore our lists of discount government repo houses in Seabrook, TX including single and multi family homes, condos, apartments and lands.
Seabrook TX real estate foreclosure homes are an excellent source for cheap foreclosure real estate since Seabrook TX foreclosed homes are sold for below market prices. Here you'll find the best resource for Seabrook TX foreclosures available. Our foreclosure list will help you discover hundreds of foreclosure homes for sale in Seabrook, TX. Investments in foreclosed homes in Seabrook, TX pay off in the long term, so whether you're buying Seabrook bank foreclosures for sale or foreclosed houses for sale from government lenders, your properties will continue to earn value. Buying discount Seabrook foreclosure homes for sale also creates big profit margins for future Seabrook foreclosure house sales. Learn all about Seabrook real estate foreclosure investing and repossessed homes and search our home foreclosure listings today!
Find great investment opportunities on Seabrook bank owned homes (reo homes), where a great number of apartments for sale, single family homes, multi-family homes, duplex, triplex, lofts, farms, lands, townhomes, mobiles, condos, and other Seabrook repo homes are currently below market value. Our up-to-date listings of Seabrook government foreclosures for sale offer

########
Rank: 20
Score: 97.729614
Retrieved Text: Cheap Norwalk Foreclosed Homes | Buy Government Repo Houses!
Need Help to Stop Foreclosure in Norwalk, CT?
Buy Cheap Norwalk Foreclosed Homes for Sale!
Searching for cheap Norwalk foreclosed homes for sale? We offer listings of Norwalk repo homes and comprehensive information on how to buy repossessed properties in Norwalk including all types of repo houses such as short sales, government foreclosures, bank owned homes and real estate auctions. Explore our lists of discount government repo houses in Norwalk, CT including single and multi family homes, condos, apartments and lands.
Norwalk CT real estate foreclosure homes are an excellent source for cheap foreclosure real estate since Norwalk CT foreclosed homes are sold for below market prices. Here you'll find the best resource for Norwalk CT foreclosures available. Our foreclosure list will help you discover hundreds of foreclosure homes for sale in Norwalk, CT. Investments in foreclosed homes in Norwalk, CT pay off in the long term, so whether you're buying Norwalk bank foreclosures for sale or foreclosed houses for sale from government lenders, your properties will continue to earn value. Buying discount Norwalk foreclosure homes for sale also creates big profit margins for future Norwalk foreclosure house sales. Learn all about Norwalk real estate foreclosure investing and repossessed homes and search our home foreclosure listings today!
Find great investment opportunities on Norwalk bank owned homes (reo homes), where a great number of apartments for sale, single family homes, multi-family homes, duplex, triplex, lofts, farms, lands, townhomes, mobiles, condos, and other Norwalk repo homes are currently below market value. Our up-to-date listings

########
Rank: 21
Score: 97.72632
Retrieved Text: Bank Foreclosures Sale offers great opportunities to buy foreclosed homes in Maysville, AR up to 60% below market value! Our up-to-date Maysville foreclosure listings include different types of cheap homes for sale like: Maysville bank owned foreclosures, pre-foreclosures, foreclosure auctions and government foreclosure homes in Maysville, AR. Buy your dream home today through our listings of foreclosures in Maysville, AR.
Get instant access to the most accurate database of Maysville bank owned homes and Maysville government foreclosed properties for sale. Bank Foreclosures Sale offers America's most reliable and up-to-date listings of bank foreclosures in Maysville, Arkansas. Try our lists of cheap Maysville foreclosure homes now!
Information on: Maysville foreclosed homes, HUD homes, VA repo homes, pre foreclosures, single and multi-family houses, apartments, condos, tax lien foreclosures, federal homes, bank owned (REO) properties, government tax liens, Maysville foreclosures and more!
BankForeclosuresSale.com offers different kinds of houses for sale in Maysville, AR. In our listings you find Maysville bank owned properties, repo homes, government foreclosed houses, preforeclosures, home auctions, short sales, VA foreclosures, Freddie Mac Homes, Fannie Mae homes and HUD foreclosures in Maysville, AR. All Maysville REO homes for sale offer excellent foreclosure deals.
Through our updated Maysville REO property listings you will find many different styles of repossessed homes in Maysville, AR. Find Maysville condo foreclosures, single & multifamily homes, residential & commercial foreclosures, farms, mobiles, duplex & triplex, and apartment foreclosures for sale in Maysville, AR. Find the ideal bank foreclosure in Maysville that fit your needs!
Bank Foreclosures Sale offers Maysville Government Foreclosures too!
We have an extensive number of

########
Rank: 22
Score: 97.72632
Retrieved Text: Bank Foreclosures Sale offers great opportunities to buy foreclosed homes in Lynch Station, VA up to 60% below market value! Our up-to-date Lynch Station foreclosure listings include different types of cheap homes for sale like: Lynch Station bank owned foreclosures, pre-foreclosures, foreclosure auctions and government foreclosure homes in Lynch Station, VA. Buy your dream home today through our listings of foreclosures in Lynch Station, VA.
Get instant access to the most accurate database of Lynch Station bank owned homes and Lynch Station government foreclosed properties for sale. Bank Foreclosures Sale offers America's most reliable and up-to-date listings of bank foreclosures in Lynch Station, Virginia. Try our lists of cheap Lynch Station foreclosure homes now!
Information on: Lynch Station foreclosed homes, HUD homes, VA repo homes, pre foreclosures, single and multi-family houses, apartments, condos, tax lien foreclosures, federal homes, bank owned (REO) properties, government tax liens, Lynch Station foreclosures and more!
BankForeclosuresSale.com offers different kinds of houses for sale in Lynch Station, VA. In our listings you find Lynch Station bank owned properties, repo homes, government foreclosed houses, preforeclosures, home auctions, short sales, VA foreclosures, Freddie Mac Homes, Fannie Mae homes and HUD foreclosures in Lynch Station, VA. All Lynch Station REO homes for sale offer excellent foreclosure deals.
Through our updated Lynch Station REO property listings you will find many different styles of repossessed homes in Lynch Station, VA. Find Lynch Station condo foreclosures, single & multifamily homes, residential & commercial foreclosures, farms, mobiles, duplex & triplex, and apartment foreclosures for sale in Lynch Station, VA. Find the ideal bank

########
Rank: 23
Score: 97.68301
Retrieved Text: Bank Foreclosures Sale offers great opportunities to buy foreclosed homes in Newton, AL up to 60% below market value! Our up-to-date Newton foreclosure listings include different types of cheap homes for sale like: Newton bank owned foreclosures, pre-foreclosures, foreclosure auctions and government foreclosure homes in Newton, AL. Buy your dream home today through our listings of foreclosures in Newton, AL.
Get instant access to the most accurate database of Newton bank owned homes and Newton government foreclosed properties for sale. Bank Foreclosures Sale offers America's most reliable and up-to-date listings of bank foreclosures in Newton, Alabama. Try our lists of cheap Newton foreclosure homes now!
Information on: Newton foreclosed homes, HUD homes, VA repo homes, pre foreclosures, single and multi-family houses, apartments, condos, tax lien foreclosures, federal homes, bank owned (REO) properties, government tax liens, Newton foreclosures and more!
BankForeclosuresSale.com offers different kinds of houses for sale in Newton, AL. In our listings you find Newton bank owned properties, repo homes, government foreclosed houses, preforeclosures, home auctions, short sales, VA foreclosures, Freddie Mac Homes, Fannie Mae homes and HUD foreclosures in Newton, AL. All Newton REO homes for sale offer excellent foreclosure deals.
Through our updated Newton REO property listings you will find many different styles of repossessed homes in Newton, AL. Find Newton condo foreclosures, single & multifamily homes, residential & commercial foreclosures, farms, mobiles, duplex & triplex, and apartment foreclosures for sale in Newton, AL. Find the ideal bank foreclosure in Newton that fit your needs!
Bank Foreclosures Sale offers Newton Government Foreclosures too!
We have an extensive number of

########
Rank: 24
Score: 97.656364
Retrieved Text: Cheap Yanceyville Foreclosed Homes | Buy Government Repo Houses!
Buy Cheap Yanceyville Foreclosed Homes for Sale!
Searching for cheap Yanceyville foreclosed homes for sale? We offer listings of Yanceyville repo homes and comprehensive information on how to buy repossessed properties in Yanceyville including all types of repo houses such as short sales, government foreclosures, bank owned homes and real estate auctions. Explore our lists of discount government repo houses in Yanceyville, NC including single and multi family homes, condos, apartments and lands.
Yanceyville NC real estate foreclosure homes are an excellent source for cheap foreclosure real estate since Yanceyville NC foreclosed homes are sold for below market prices. Here you'll find the best resource for Yanceyville NC foreclosures available. Our foreclosure list will help you discover hundreds of foreclosure homes for sale in Yanceyville, NC. Investments in foreclosed homes in Yanceyville, NC pay off in the long term, so whether you're buying Yanceyville bank foreclosures for sale or foreclosed houses for sale from government lenders, your properties will continue to earn value. Buying discount Yanceyville foreclosure homes for sale also creates big profit margins for future Yanceyville foreclosure house sales. Learn all about Yanceyville real estate foreclosure investing and repossessed homes and search our home foreclosure listings today!
Find great investment opportunities on Yanceyville bank owned homes (reo homes), where a great number of apartments for sale, single family homes, multi-family homes, duplex, triplex, lofts, farms, lands, townhomes, mobiles, condos, and other Yanceyville repo homes are currently below market value. Our up-to-date listings of Yanceyville government foreclosures for sale offer

########
Rank: 25
Score: 97.656006
Retrieved Text: Searching for cheap Covington foreclosed homes for sale? We offer listings of Covington repo homes and comprehensive information on how to buy repossessed properties in Covington including all types of repo houses such as short sales, government foreclosures, bank owned homes and real estate auctions. Explore our lists of discount government repo houses in Covington, WA including single and multi family homes, condos, apartments and lands.
Covington WA real estate foreclosure homes are an excellent source for cheap foreclosure real estate since Covington WA foreclosed homes are sold for below market prices. Here you'll find the best resource for Covington WA foreclosures available. Our foreclosure list will help you discover hundreds of foreclosure homes for sale in Covington, WA. Investments in foreclosed homes in Covington, WA pay off in the long term, so whether you're buying Covington bank foreclosures for sale or foreclosed houses for sale from government lenders, your properties will continue to earn value. Buying discount Covington foreclosure homes for sale also creates big profit margins for future Covington foreclosure house sales. Learn all about Covington real estate foreclosure investing and repossessed homes and search our home foreclosure listings today!
Find great investment opportunities on Covington bank owned homes (reo homes), where a great number of apartments for sale, single family homes, multi-family homes, duplex, triplex, lofts, farms, lands, townhomes, mobiles, condos, and other Covington repo homes are currently below market value. Our up-to-date listings of Covington government foreclosures for sale offer numerous special offers, as well as Covington hud foreclosures and VA foreclosure homes. There

########
Rank: 26
Score: 97.63699
Retrieved Text: Bank Foreclosures Sale offers great opportunities to buy foreclosed homes in Elkton, VA up to 60% below market value! Our up-to-date Elkton foreclosure listings include different types of cheap homes for sale like: Elkton bank owned foreclosures, pre-foreclosures, foreclosure auctions and government foreclosure homes in Elkton, VA. Buy your dream home today through our listings of foreclosures in Elkton, VA.
Get instant access to the most accurate database of Elkton bank owned homes and Elkton government foreclosed properties for sale. Bank Foreclosures Sale offers America's most reliable and up-to-date listings of bank foreclosures in Elkton, Virginia. Try our lists of cheap Elkton foreclosure homes now!
Information on: Elkton foreclosed homes, HUD homes, VA repo homes, pre foreclosures, single and multi-family houses, apartments, condos, tax lien foreclosures, federal homes, bank owned (REO) properties, government tax liens, Elkton foreclosures and more!
BankForeclosuresSale.com offers different kinds of houses for sale in Elkton, VA. In our listings you find Elkton bank owned properties, repo homes, government foreclosed houses, preforeclosures, home auctions, short sales, VA foreclosures, Freddie Mac Homes, Fannie Mae homes and HUD foreclosures in Elkton, VA. All Elkton REO homes for sale offer excellent foreclosure deals.
Through our updated Elkton REO property listings you will find many different styles of repossessed homes in Elkton, VA. Find Elkton condo foreclosures, single & multifamily homes, residential & commercial foreclosures, farms, mobiles, duplex & triplex, and apartment foreclosures for sale in Elkton, VA. Find the ideal bank foreclosure in Elkton that fit your needs!
Bank Foreclosures Sale offers Elkton Government Foreclosures too!
We have an extensive number of

########
Rank: 27
Score: 97.63699
Retrieved Text: Bank Foreclosures Sale offers great opportunities to buy foreclosed homes in Goodwater, AL up to 60% below market value! Our up-to-date Goodwater foreclosure listings include different types of cheap homes for sale like: Goodwater bank owned foreclosures, pre-foreclosures, foreclosure auctions and government foreclosure homes in Goodwater, AL. Buy your dream home today through our listings of foreclosures in Goodwater, AL.
Get instant access to the most accurate database of Goodwater bank owned homes and Goodwater government foreclosed properties for sale. Bank Foreclosures Sale offers America's most reliable and up-to-date listings of bank foreclosures in Goodwater, Alabama. Try our lists of cheap Goodwater foreclosure homes now!
Information on: Goodwater foreclosed homes, HUD homes, VA repo homes, pre foreclosures, single and multi-family houses, apartments, condos, tax lien foreclosures, federal homes, bank owned (REO) properties, government tax liens, Goodwater foreclosures and more!
BankForeclosuresSale.com offers different kinds of houses for sale in Goodwater, AL. In our listings you find Goodwater bank owned properties, repo homes, government foreclosed houses, preforeclosures, home auctions, short sales, VA foreclosures, Freddie Mac Homes, Fannie Mae homes and HUD foreclosures in Goodwater, AL. All Goodwater REO homes for sale offer excellent foreclosure deals.
Through our updated Goodwater REO property listings you will find many different styles of repossessed homes in Goodwater, AL. Find Goodwater condo foreclosures, single & multifamily homes, residential & commercial foreclosures, farms, mobiles, duplex & triplex, and apartment foreclosures for sale in Goodwater, AL. Find the ideal bank foreclosure in Goodwater that fit your needs!
Bank Foreclosures Sale offers Goodwater Government Foreclosures too!
We have an extensive number of

########
Rank: 28
Score: 97.63699
Retrieved Text: Bank Foreclosures Sale offers great opportunities to buy foreclosed homes in Eclectic, AL up to 60% below market value! Our up-to-date Eclectic foreclosure listings include different types of cheap homes for sale like: Eclectic bank owned foreclosures, pre-foreclosures, foreclosure auctions and government foreclosure homes in Eclectic, AL. Buy your dream home today through our listings of foreclosures in Eclectic, AL.
Get instant access to the most accurate database of Eclectic bank owned homes and Eclectic government foreclosed properties for sale. Bank Foreclosures Sale offers America's most reliable and up-to-date listings of bank foreclosures in Eclectic, Alabama. Try our lists of cheap Eclectic foreclosure homes now!
Information on: Eclectic foreclosed homes, HUD homes, VA repo homes, pre foreclosures, single and multi-family houses, apartments, condos, tax lien foreclosures, federal homes, bank owned (REO) properties, government tax liens, Eclectic foreclosures and more!
BankForeclosuresSale.com offers different kinds of houses for sale in Eclectic, AL. In our listings you find Eclectic bank owned properties, repo homes, government foreclosed houses, preforeclosures, home auctions, short sales, VA foreclosures, Freddie Mac Homes, Fannie Mae homes and HUD foreclosures in Eclectic, AL. All Eclectic REO homes for sale offer excellent foreclosure deals.
Through our updated Eclectic REO property listings you will find many different styles of repossessed homes in Eclectic, AL. Find Eclectic condo foreclosures, single & multifamily homes, residential & commercial foreclosures, farms, mobiles, duplex & triplex, and apartment foreclosures for sale in Eclectic, AL. Find the ideal bank foreclosure in Eclectic that fit your needs!
Bank Foreclosures Sale offers Eclectic Government Foreclosures too!
We have an extensive number of

########
Rank: 29
Score: 97.593925
Retrieved Text: Cheap Casper Foreclosed Homes | Buy Government Repo Houses!
Buy Cheap Casper Foreclosed Homes for Sale!
Searching for cheap Casper foreclosed homes for sale? We offer listings of Casper repo homes and comprehensive information on how to buy repossessed properties in Casper including all types of repo houses such as short sales, government foreclosures, bank owned homes and real estate auctions. Explore our lists of discount government repo houses in Casper, WY including single and multi family homes, condos, apartments and lands.
Casper WY real estate foreclosure homes are an excellent source for cheap foreclosure real estate since Casper WY foreclosed homes are sold for below market prices. Here you'll find the best resource for Casper WY foreclosures available. Our foreclosure list will help you discover hundreds of foreclosure homes for sale in Casper, WY. Investments in foreclosed homes in Casper, WY pay off in the long term, so whether you're buying Casper bank foreclosures for sale or foreclosed houses for sale from government lenders, your properties will continue to earn value. Buying discount Casper foreclosure homes for sale also creates big profit margins for future Casper foreclosure house sales. Learn all about Casper real estate foreclosure investing and repossessed homes and search our home foreclosure listings today!
Find great investment opportunities on Casper bank owned homes (reo homes), where a great number of apartments for sale, single family homes, multi-family homes, duplex, triplex, lofts, farms, lands, townhomes, mobiles, condos, and other Casper repo homes are currently below market value. Our up-to-date listings of Casper government foreclosures for sale offer

================



======= Instance Index 8080 =========
Input Text: If a description of a situation begins like this: [header] How to fake longer eyelashes [title] Curl your lashes. [step] Before coating your lashes with mascara, use an eyelash curler to give your fringe the perfect curve. In addition to curling the base of the lashes, use the tool to curl the middle and tips of your lashes too.... Then how
does it continue? 

Ending 1: Your lashes should look most lifelike when they're curled. [substeps] Cover any one eye with clear mascara, then cover the other with false lashes.

Ending 2: [substeps] This helps the wings and detailing to look flawless while also bringing the illusion of more of a curl. Additionally, you'll also make sure to curl your lashes off to the side that will most likely get highlighted, while still providing air circulation for your desired effect.

Ending 3: [substeps] Look down as you place the curler at the base of your lashes. Clamp down on your lashes and hold for 8 seconds.

Ending 4: Your layers should be bouncy and curl beautifully on both sides. [title] Slide your sparkly mascara wand under the lashes.

Target Text: Ending 3

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 96.31291
Retrieved Text: AMPLIF•eye™ Lash & Brow Fortifier’s highly concentrated formula of fortifying peptides and nourishing botanical extracts are suspended in an innovative liposomal delivery system to get to the root of thin, short, gray, and sparse lashes and brows. Fortified and nourished follicles produce healthy lashes and brows that look longer, thicker, darker and more plentiful.
Formulated and tested specifically to accompany Xtreme Lashes Eyelash Extensions. Ensures our clients a safe and effective way to remove makeup without harm to their eyelash extensions. Contains no artificial colors or fragrances and absolutely no oils, which can damage or even completely dissolve the bond of eyelash extensions. A must have for all our clients.
Specially formulated coating agent produces a shiny coat around the eyelash extensions and extends the life of your extensions. It also helps contour and hold your eyelashes - like hairspray for eyelashes. To be applied no more than once or twice per week. Allow at least 24 hours after the procedure before you apply your protective coating.
or smudging. Allow at least 24 hours after the procedure before applying mascara.
Add even more drama to your Eyelash Extensions with our fantastic new Heated Eyelash curler. This curler safely applies a long lasting curl through gentle heat and will not damage the eyelash extensions or your natural lashes as crimping style curlers do. For those who use mascara on their lashes it has the additional benefits of smoothing the mascara and ensuring the lashes are separated with the patented comb style head.
GlideLiner™ combines the benefits of the liquid liner, with the

########
Rank: 1
Score: 95.89687
Retrieved Text: A revolutionary advanced product that lengthens and thickens eyelashes. They are single strands of synthetic eyelashes that are curved to replicate a natural eyelash. They are applied to each individual eyelash on a hair by hair basis for a natural, elegant and luxurious look. They are perfect for special occasions or for day to day wear.
Q. What do they look like and how do they feel?
With proper application, the eyelash extensions look and feel completely real!
When applied properly, semi-permanent lashes last the length of the natural growth cycle of your eyelashes. The glue is specially formulated with a unique waterproof bonding agent to last. Imitation products may not last as long because their bonding agent is not of the same quality as ours.
Q. How often should I get touch-ups?
We recommend getting a touch up every two to four weeks. Your natural eyelashes fall off every 60 days due to the natural growth cycle and are naturally replaced with the growth of a new eyelash. A touch up is needed to replenish the fallen lashes. Touch ups generally take a short time and are relatively inexpensive.
Indeed, one of the main advantages is never needing mascara again. However, if you absolutely must have it, only water based mascara can be used. You can purchase our specially formulated mascara. DO NOT USE OIL-BASED OR WATER-PROOF MASCARA. Waterproof mascara along with any type of oil based mascara can dissolve the bonding agent and cause the eyelash extensions to fall off.
Q. Can I swim, shower, exercise, or visit a spa while

########
Rank: 2
Score: 94.59263
Retrieved Text: Note: Due to the high volume of orders of our lovely liquid lipsticks, the processing time will be extended.Welcome to 3D Beauty We develop and sell professional beauty solutions. This is because thick lashes frame the eyes better and enhance their natural beauty.Lashes Unlimited Coupon best mascara lash growth 3d eyelash.
Absolutely loved my 3D eyelashes. At Spa Lashes, we have raised the bar in the eyelash industry,.
We carry quality eyelash extension products and application tools.
Sinful Lashes Eye Makeup Remover, finally an eyelash extension safe makeup remover.Alluring 3D Volume Lashes B, C or D Curl.07mm Mixed Size Alluring Rectangle Thick Silicone Lash Pad ALLURING Sensitive Glue - No fumes, no irritation, lower lashes Alluring Black Coating Sealant for eyelash extensions.
Are you looking to amp up your beauty routine with some false lashes,.The textured design of these handcrafted mink lashes naturally enhances the beauty of.
The following has been compiled to help everyone better understand Minkys Professional Grade. For instructions on how to enable cookies, please see the help section of your browser.Buy Low Price false eyelashes, Red Cherry eyelashes, Creme eyelashes, Cherry Blossom eyelashes, Ardell eyelashes, i envy by kiss eyelashes, Sassi Eyelashes at ikatehouse.
Alluring 3D Volume Lashes C Curl.07mm Mixed Size Type 2 Alluring 3D Volume Lashes C.05mm W Eyelash Extensions 3in1 Alluring 3D Volume Lashes C Curl.07mm Eyelash Extensions 3in1 Alluring 4D Volume Lashes C.05mm Eyelash Extensions 4in1.Also promo code for 10%. lashes by lilly ghalichi are glamorous 3d lashes,.They have become must-have, preferred beauty enhancers for millions of women. Free 2-3 day shipping and returns,

########
Rank: 3
Score: 94.126564
Retrieved Text: Many women desire lush, darker eyelashes when they are out on the town or presenting in front of colleagues. In each case, looking their best is a high priority to help them feel confident.
Unfortunately, this often means spending more time in front of a mirror each morning, because many eyelashes are light-colored, sparse, and/or short…all of which mean they need that little extra boost.
If this sounds like you, don’t worry. Put that mascara, eyelash curler, and fake daily lashes aside, because as a licensed cosmetologist and esthetician, I have four great eyelash treatments to help you save time and money while still looking your best.
Eyelash tinting is a quick, hassle-free solution for darkening existing upper and lower lashes. The dye is semi-permanent, so the benefits last a few weeks!
Commitment: Low. No downtime, no at-home maintenance required. Simply stop in every 3-4 weeks for a 15-minute touch-up.
Results: Immediate! This is the most natural-looking option for both your upper and lower lashes.
Tinting is the best option for women who have light-colored lashes that are already long. In other words, if you use natural-looking mascara for darkness rather than length or volume, this is for you! Plus, you’ll save a few extra minutes each morning. Want to know more? Check out this video where I talk more about tinting!
The next step up from tinting is the lift. It’s an easy solution for women who want to darken and curl their existing upper lashes. Just like the regular tint, this is a semi-permanent option.
Commitment: Low. No downtime, no at-home maintenance

########
Rank: 4
Score: 92.17881
Retrieved Text: Mascara is the go-to beauty tool that every makeup fanatic needs in her (or his) makeup bag and cosmetic collection. It’s the perfect beauty tool for any makeup look because it does what it does best: enhances the lashes to make them look pretty and stand out.
There are plenty of mascaras out there created by a variety of different beauty brands. Let’s explore mascara in detail and let’s discuss the different types of mascara that you can find.
Mascara is a cosmetic product that’s used to enhance the eyelashes. It can enhance the lashes in many ways, from volumizing to thickening them.
The best thing about mascara is that no matter what type of mascara you use, it’s the perfect product to help you to achieve bold lashes in an instant. Mascara can also be used to shape up, style and enhance the brows, and many brow products contain mascara-style wands.
There are many different types of mascaras. Let’s take a look at what they are.
One of the popular types of mascara is lengthening mascara. This works by enhancing the length of the lashes to make them appear longer than they are. This is the right type of mascara to use if you’re aim is to create super long ‘spider’ or ‘webbed’ lashes, and it’s a great way to make your lashes be bold and stand out.
Volumizing or thickening mascaras work by adding volume, thickness, and texture to the lashes. This type of mascara can give your eye makeup look a much more defined look and it brings life

########
Rank: 5
Score: 91.679016
Retrieved Text: They say that the eyes are the windows to the soul. If this is the case, then your lashes are the window frames. They make your eyes more beautiful. Long and well defined eyelashes make eyes look bigger, fuller and inviting. Unfortunately, not everybody are blessed with naturally long eyelashes.
Good thing that in these modern times, almost everything is possible. Women have come to great lengths when it comes to achieving a beautiful image. Beauty experts have invented false eyelashes. These “falsies” come in every different styles, colors and sizes. When applied correctly, false eyelashes can do great wonders to make your eyes more beautiful.
Step 1: Trim the false eyelashes. Make sure that the lashes fit your eyes. Trim one side of the lashes if it is wider than your eye.
Step 2: Put eyelash glue in a separate container (you can use the bask of your hand) and run the eyelash along the glue.
Step 3: Using tweezers, pick up the lashes and bring it as close as possible to your natural lash line.
Step 4: Apply pressure on the lashes so that it sticks to your lids and hold until the glue dries. It is good that you press the lashes from end to end.
Step 5: To bond the false lashes with your natural eyelashes, apply mascara while pressing your finger behind the fake eyelashes. You can also use an eyelash curler before applying mascara.
Step 6: Using eyeliner, fill any gaps between the false eyelashes and your natural lash line.
Applying false eyelashes is easy and simple as

########
Rank: 6
Score: 91.556625
Retrieved Text: Charleston Eyelash Extensions | Lashes and Lace, we all wish for those gorgeous long eyelashes to add that little mystery and sultriness to our look.But as we all know not everyone is blessed with the gift of long, voluptuous lashes. In fact, very few women are satisfied with the length of their eyelashes.
One of the pretty features of the eyes are the eyelashes.A pair of thick, long eyelashes beautifully makes your eyes pop, and when you have them, typically you can wear minimal makeup.
Do you wish your eyelashes were longer?The studio of Lashes and Lace can grant your wish.Eyelash extensions are a growing trend at salons and spas.If you haven't already tried Charleston Eyelash Extensions, you should at least once in your life.Eyelash extensions will give you longer, thicker and very natural looking eyelashes. They look so natural no one will know they are not yours.
Full eyelash extensions add drama by making lashes fuller and longer.At Charleston Bridal Hair and Makeup Lashes and Lace certified Babe Eyelash Extensions technicians apply extensions one-by-one for an all-natural look of thick, long, and lustrous lashes that require no mascara.
When properly applied and cared for, your eyelash extensions can last up to two months or more depending on the length of the natural growth cycle of each natural eyelash hair.
The beauty of Charleston Eyelash Extensions is that you don’t need to curl them or even wear mascara, but if you want mascara, apply a water-based one to the tips only, don’t use waterproof.
Perfect lashes are the finishing touch to perfectly

########
Rank: 7
Score: 91.48364
Retrieved Text: Alternatively you can use a clear mascara to define your lashes without damaging them. If you are trying to wear fake eyelashes for the first time, click here to not go wrong in any of the steps. If you are trying to wear fake eyelashes for the first time, click here to not go wrong in any of the steps.... Sure, we can take the easy way out and go for falsies or eyelash extensions, but for long-term growth, it�s all in the products. Take a look at some easy ways to fake thicker, longer lashes. Take a look at some easy ways to fake thicker, longer lashes.
Overall, if you're looking for a mascara that can most closely mimic the look of false lashes, a two-step fiber mascara like the Physician's Formula Kit is the way to go. However, if you don't like the idea of having to use two separate products to achieve full and thick lashes, opt for a regular fiber, tubing, or expanding mascara.... Regular mascara gives the illusion of thickening and lengthening your lashes without investing in lash extensions or paying for expensive fiber mascara. However, mascara can also cause premature breakage and lash loss � especially if you don�t remove it properly.
Plan on more of a learning curve with fibers than with a lash primer, but once you nail down the technique, you can get longer, fuller lashes. I've also heard good things about the Long & Luscious 3D Fiber Lash Mascara . how to join password protected tournaments in clash

########
Rank: 8
Score: 90.81361
Retrieved Text: Eyelash extensions are a popular cosmetic enhancement as are hair extensions that add beauty. The only difference with them is that they give more fullness, thickness and length to china 3d fake lash instead of to hair. They also come available in different colors, thickness and lengths to accommodate individuality.
What makes china 3d fake lash extensions special is their ability to be joined with one’s own natural eyelashes. They are far better than fake eyelashes in that they are only applied as one extension to each eyelash. The adhesive bond used itself is of surgical quality and the process to attach the extenders takes between one and a half to two hours. About thirty to eighty lashes are used for each eye and these eyelash extensions will last from two weeks to two months depending on hair growth.
If eyelash enhancements do not sound like something you would be interested in order to use for your china 3d fake lash, there are other ways to bring out the beauty of your own natural eyelashes. You can get the look of long eyelashes that numerous cultures look on as being feminine by using some tricks and products.
One of the easiest ways to enhance your natural china 3d fake lash is with the artist approach. This means you can create an illusion of longer china 3d fake lash by curling your lashes with a curling brush. The next step is to use some brown mascara on your eyelashes and let it dry. Then place some black mascara over the

########
Rank: 9
Score: 90.68658
Retrieved Text: The best way to apply mascara like a pro is by following a series of steps and tips which I have researched by asking a makeup professional. To properly put on mascara on eyes you need some tools and a little confidence.
Being a beauty blogger, a common query that so many people inquire about is precisely what mascara shade one should apply and how to apply. I pretty much never get out of the building without mascara due to the fact that I sense it is one of the best attraction gaining cosmetic product which is able to add charm and beauty to my eyes. But in the case of mascara, even I am not an expert so what I did is I took help from an expert to prepare this tutorials.
Recently for my college project I had visited to nearby beauty salon to research about Indian Makeup. There I met professional makeup artist. She was busy in doing makeup of Punjabi bride. You know the lash of that bride was looking amazing. When I asked artist, the secret behind her lashes she explained me the importance of applying mascara.
Today in this post will share with you professional way to apply mascara.
Curl your eyelashes – with the help of eyelashes curler, curl your lashes. Press and hold eyelashes curler for 10 seconds to get perfect curled eyelashes.
Mascara primer – applying primer is 1st step in applying mascara.
Take mascara which you want to apply.
Twist the bottle nicely with the help of applicator present inside mascara.
With the help

########
Rank: 10
Score: 89.90677
Retrieved Text: How to Put on Fake Eyelashes for Beginners : Eye Makeup & More. ehowbeauty / Howto & Style. Length: 2:48 Quick View... The mirror should be beneath the face so that it gives a perfect view of the natural lashes and the fake lashes. In case, your hands are still shaking, you could put your chin on the table, as well. And, then, you would definitely not feel any shakiness.
Lay the false eyelash strip over the top lashes of one eye. Check to see if the length of the eyelash strip is equal to that of your natural lash line or if it will require trimming. Check to see if the length of the eyelash strip is equal to that of your natural lash line or if it will require trimming.... 3/04/2013 · Easy, simple tips and tricks for applying false eyelashes - what's the best glue? Best practices? Best lashes? Find out in this complete beginner's how-to guide!
Between wears, I recommend to clean fake lashes in a tiny bowl of lukewarm water and a dollop of baby oil. Soak lashes in this mixture and with a tiny brush or a clean mascara brush brush the lashes . This ensures any glue and/or makeup residue gets removed.... 10/01/2019 · A short tutorial on how to apply false lashes.
The mirror should be beneath the face so that it gives a perfect view of the natural lashes and the fake lashes. In case, your hands are still shaking, you could put your chin on the table, as well.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 89.854294
Retrieved Text: Home Beauty Care How to curl your eyelashes naturally at home?
How to curl your eyelashes naturally at home?
Beauty of women gets enhanced as soon as they get curled eyelashes. But, not all women have such beautiful shape of eyelashes to flaunt among the crowd. Rather, most of the ladies are seen with very straight eyelashes. But, the world has change and so is the fashion trend. Today, people are so much cautious about their presentation that there are hardly any scope for impossible. Same goes with curled eyelashes.
You can easily have attractive curled eyelashes with the help of some simple tips at home. Getting it curled at the beauty parlor will be possible. But, there are also some home tips through which you can easily get your eyelashes curled without spending much in the beauty parlor.
You can now curl your eyelashes with the help of fingers. For this process, you need to use mascara at first. Then you need to wait till the mascara dies within the eyelashes. Now use your fingertips and push all the lashes forward such that the eyelashes points upwards. You need to hold the lashes in the same way to the upward position for a period of minute. You also need to repeat this step several times till the time you have desired curl in your eyelashes.
It is not possible to have eyelash curlers at every home. But, you will definitely have spoon at home. For this procedure, you need to apply the baby or talcum powder in your eyelashes so

########
Rank: 12
Score: 89.753624
Retrieved Text: Beauty is not just something you are born with. In fact, the role that genetics play in your appearance is quite small. The plain truth is that looking good is often just a matter of working hard to look your best. In this article, you can find some fresh ideas for getting great looking eyelashes with less effort.
Before applying mascara, use an eyelash curler to curl your eyelashes. Not only can curling your eyelashes help them look much longer than they really are, but it can also visually lift your entire eye area, helping your eyes look brighter, younger, and more alert. Starting at the base of your lashes, squeeze the eyelash curler and hold it for a second. Then move it slightly toward the end of the lashes and squeeze it again. This will help give a natural curve rather than a sharp angle.
The last thing you want, if you are going to use fake eyelashes, is to find you are allergic to the glue. To make sure allergies will not be a problem, put some of the eyelash glue on your arm. Put a type of plaster on top of that, and leave it alone for 24 hours. If you have no rash, you will have no problems!
Once you recognize that improving the appearance of your eyelashes is a process requiring hard work, you are going to want to make sure that your hard work gets you the best possible results. Tips like these, can help you achieve that goal and optimize the ratio

########
Rank: 13
Score: 89.55638
Retrieved Text: Most women are not lucky enough to get genetically inclined dense eyelashes. Ardell Natural false eyelashes are the perfect option for them as it can offer everyone to have the long fluttery eye lashes. With this wonderful collection of fake lashes, you can get unforgettable eye makeup to look good for any events. Many stars, models and celebrities have been using trendy Ardell lashes for years because they are the ones that the stars trust the most.
Ardell Natural lashes at Madame Madeline are made with 100 % human hair by adopting proper care. So these lashes can offer you the natural look rather than any eyelash that is available in the current market.Our fake lashes have light weight and are easy to wear. Hence you can put them on your own and notice the difference immediately.Like natural ones, your lashes will be longer and fuller. Be sure to get the best quality products at our online shop.
However, Ardell Natural lashes are unique in nature that anyone can afford them. Though we have a huge variety of fake lashes in different size and colors, you can able to find the right type that is just for you and your eyes. The most interesting thing is that many makeup artists use our lashes on the eyes of stars to get them camera ready. As the Ardell false lashes that we offer are natural looking, you need to use a good quality adhesive. If you have any problem while applying the lashes on to your eyes, we have extensive

########
Rank: 14
Score: 88.99139
Retrieved Text: 2x Eyelashes Strip Pallet Plastic Glue Ring Set Adhesive Holder Lash Extension Kit Pink - Easily removable, easily picked,stable curl, no residue, no kink, non-sticky. 1 box 8mm 135pcs individual false eyelashes. 2 set pink glue ring. 1 box 10mm 135pcs individual false eyelashes. Cruelty-free, no animal testing, waterproof, handmade.
Rio Salon Eyelash Extensions Kit by Rio - Each fibre brow kit includes 1 x silk fibre brow enhancer wand 1 x silk clear mini mascara 1 x silk gold tweazers. Increase your lash length by 3-5 mm in seconds volumises, defines and separates lashes contact lens safe easily removable, wash-off lashes. Rio salon eyelash extensions kit.
2x Eyelashes Strip Pallet Plastic Glue Ring Set Adhesive Holder Lash Extension Kit - With compact disc, detailed using method is demonstrated. Weightless, permanently curled and waterproof,all tools for eyelash extension are included in an exquisite silver tool case, portable to carry. 2x eyelash glue ring. Includes false eyelashes of different length and color,theyÂ´re false lashes, but look like real ones. DonÂ´t need discharge makeup every day, also wonÂ´t fall off,have no uncomfortable feeling wearing the false eyelash, also no need besmear mascara cream.
Eyelash Extension Kit | No Burn Glue Non Irritant | Made in USA | Over 300 Applications with Lashes Single, Cluster, Strip, Designer. Professional Use Grade by Lashes and Cosmetics - Eyelash extension kit | no burn glue non irritant | made in usa | over 300 applications with lashes single, cluster, strip, designer professional use grade. Latex-free with low fumes always test first not for extremely sensitive

########
Rank: 15
Score: 88.68613
Retrieved Text: Rosette 5Pairs/set Long Natural Black False Eye Lashes 3D curved shape Fake Eyelashes For Makeup Beautify Eyes (5pairs ELY-5P04) - Material high temperature resistant fiber. Fit on most eye shapeincrease the length and curl of your lashes naturally for any occasion. Apply these eyelashes for a natural look and make your eyes look bright and attractive. Easy to apply comfortable to wear. The eyelashes is reuseable if used and removed properly.
Makup 3D Eyelashes Natural Thick 3 Pairs False Fake Eye Lashes Makeup Extension - The false eyelashes are specialized made by hand entirely, high quality synthetic fibers and designed to look natural and feel great for everyday use 100% brand new material fiber very soft and comfortable to wear suitable for party or professional make up easy to use, can make your eyes look bright and attractive they can be removed by eye makeup remover can be reused when applied with care how to use carefully remove the eyelashes from the case with tweezers compare false eyelashes with your eye line length, trim to suitable length and width add glue along the false eyelash root with cotton bud hold the eyelash on the root of your natural lashes with pressure if necessary, apply eye shadow or eyeliner to make your eye line look more natural.
Makeup Glue – TOOGOO(R) Waterproof False Eyelashes Makeup Glue Eyelash Adhesive Dark black - Toogoo(r) waterproof false eyelashes makeup glue eyelash adhesive dark blackfeatures a good tool for you to make the false eyelashes. Toogoo is a registered trademark. The measurement allowed

########
Rank: 16
Score: 88.67613
Retrieved Text: Eyelash extensions are all the rage on the beauty market! No doubt you have heard a thing or two about them already. I decided to get the skinny on the whole process while I was in New York for MB Fashion Week (perfect time for a make-over on my barely-there stubs).
I arranged an appointment with my lash expert, Cheri, after attending my shows for the day, accounting for the 120 or so minutes it would take to assemble each little bugger before meeting a friend at Mari Venna for dinner. Cheri took one look at the shape and length of my short lashes and said, “Oh, you are going to love this”. We decided a size 10 lash would be a good way to ease me into a longer lash (as opposed to the spider-leg-long-17 size lashes).
Q: How many fake lashes do you use?
A: Anywhere from 60-120, I try to get every lash I can.
Q. What is used to assemble the fake lashes to your real lashes?
A. The lashes are attached to your eyelashes near the root with the same adhesive used in the medical field to stitch up small cuts and what not — totally safe and comfortable for your eyes.
Q: Is there a certain brand of lashes recommended?
A. Cheri only uses Xtreme Lashes. They are one of the few companies that requires professional training and specialized certifications of all lash experts who use their products.
Q: Why are eyelash extensions better than fake lashes that you can buy at the store?
A: The Xtreme lashes last

########
Rank: 17
Score: 88.53859
Retrieved Text: Beauty – Technology you'll ever wants to have!
Eyelashes are believed to be among the Most attractive components of women, which explain why many people wanted to have thicker and more eyelashes. But, there are still great deals of women who do not understand how to create their lashes more and thicker. This guide will be showing you two easy ways to improve the appearance of your eyelashes, to be able to allow you to be more stunning and appealing.
Using extensions or fake lashes is Said to be the best and safest way to extend your lashes. It will give you instant additional eyelash which will make it look thicker and longer. If you will search the world wide web, you will be seeing a great deal of fake lashes being sold. These lashes come in various sizes and types which will certainly give you the best looking lashes. These lashes are usually affordable, and everybody can have this to help them have better looking lashes.
Another popular method of raising The volume of lashes is by applying mascara. This eyelash extension cosmetic uses a little comb which will be used to apply mascara on your lashes. This will give an impression that you lashes are thicker and fuller. However, this is not an ideal solution, since after H2O strikes the lashes with mascara, it generates smudges around the eyelids. To be able to solve this issue, the companies have manufactured water-resistant mascara, which might cost somewhat more than normal mascara.
These are a Few of the methods that

########
Rank: 18
Score: 88.43134
Retrieved Text: Looking to step up your beauty routine in 2018? Then an eyelash tint and lift may be something that interests you. No, it’s not the same thing as eyelash extensions, which are also great and a very popular beauty service. What is an eyelash tint and lift? An eyelash lift and tint works with your natural lashes to give them a natural-looking and semi-permanent curl before giving them a black-as-night tint that will help make them look even more stunning. If you already have long and thick lashes and just want your natural lashes to look even better, this may be a service to look into for the new year!
I have always had fairly thick and long eyelashes, but because of my Filipino ethnicity, they tend to lack any sort of curl. Mascara would help to define them, but I wanted the look of doll lashes; curled and beautifully framing my eyes. Upon discovering the eyelash curler it became my best friend, and I ended up abusing its power. I curled my eyelashes so often that they began to break and fall out.
The first time I went in for a treatment, I was nervous that the curl wouldn’t take. A semi-permanent, not-too-costly treatment that would ensure my eyelashes be curled for over a month? It sounded too good to be true until I met Leah. My lashes had become thin and weak to a point they had never been before, and I hoped that this service would save them from completely falling out. Prior to our

########
Rank: 19
Score: 88.25554
Retrieved Text: Longer, Thicker, Natural Looking Eyelash Extensions!
Lashes 4 LASHES Design Studio is your Fort Wayne, Indiana salon for eyelash extensions and spa treatments. We work in Sola Salon at Time Corners. Our services cater to discerning women and men like you – those who have hectic schedules but still want to look beautiful. Every client we serve gets first-class, personalized attention that takes into account your desires and style.
Ever wondered how celebrities get such beautifully long lashes? More often than not, they have eyelash extensions. Xtreme Lashes® eyelash extensions is your answer to longer, thicker and natural looking eyelashes.
Single strands of Synthetic or faux mink lashes applied one-by-one to your individual eyelashes by an advanced certified Xtreme Lashes stylist.
Semi-permanent eyelashes that last indefinitely with touch-ups every 2 to 3 weeks. It's equivalent to going to the hair or nail salon for a touch-up service.
Looks natural and feel weightless.
Painless procedure takes 90 to 150 minutes as you relax with your eyes closed.
Water resistant so you can shower or swim worry free.
Lengthens and thickens your lashes without the need of mascara.
Different curvatures so there's no need to curl them.
Available in hundreds of beautiful colors.
Lashes 4 LASHES Design Studio looks forward to serving your beauty and skin care needs. Give us a call to schedule and appointment or complimentary consultation. You may also use the online form.
We accept all the major credit cards, as well as cash and checks.
Gift certificates and gift cards available.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 87.67431
Retrieved Text: 2/08/2018 · Here’s how to take care of your eyelashes in the long run. Wash your face with a cleanser that doesn’t contain oil during your morning shower. Blow-dry your lashes on the low cool speed setting. Comb them with a clean mascara wand. Then, apply mascara. This routine enhances the effects of mascara while protecting your eyelashes and allowing them to dry. If you use extensions don’t... After the first 24 hours, you can apply Protective Coating once or twice per week to your new lashes to preserve the look and extend the life of the eyelash extensions. Please follow the instructions on the product label for best results.
Can I swim, shower, exercise, or visit a spa while wearing eyelash extensions? We do ask you to minimize the chance of wetting the extensions for the first 48 hours of wear. After that 48-hour period, the adhesive used to apply your eyelash extensions is …... eyelash extensions care (first 24 hours). - IT IS IMPORTANT TO AVOID WATER CONTACT ON THE LASHES FOR THE FIRST 24 HOUR AFTER APPLICATION. Following are maintenance guidelines to help keep them looking amazing longer.
Taking care of your eyelash extensions in the winter doesn’t stem too far from how we take care of our lashes the rest of the year, but there are a few extra precautions. Deka Lash December 17 at 4:30 PM ·... Can I swim, shower, exercise, or visit a spa while wearing eyelash extensions? Yes. The bonding agent used to apply your eyelash extensions is waterproof and

########
Rank: 21
Score: 87.53992
Retrieved Text: If you consider mascara one of your top stranded-on-a-deserted-island beauty products, you’re in good company. Longer, fuller lashes and a quick swipe of lip gloss are really all you need to take your look from pretty to pretty glam in just minutes. But, while lipstick application is fairly straightforward, there is one little-known rule you should be putting into play when applying mascara.
Before you say it–yes, you must have an eyelash curler! But, believe it or not, that isn’t the only mascara trick that will rev up your lashes in no time. The key is where you should place your mascara wand, and it probably isn’t where you think.
For more beauty tips, check out how to curl your eyelashes with a Q-tip and 5 ways to make your eyelashes longer.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 87.142746
Retrieved Text: This sits on top of the list because this is the trick that I swear by. Eyelash curler is like my best friend. I won't go out without curling my lashes. It will curl your lashes upward (obviously) and make them appear longer. You might want to repeat the process several times to make sure all the lashes are curled. Remember, upon reaching at the tip of the lashes, hold the curler a little longer to extend the shape. The longer, the better.
I always stay away from dense, big and spiky mascara wands. They are definitely not my cup of tea. Know why? It can actually coat the lashes way too much and pull the lashes down. No, we don't want that. Instead, go for curved mascara brush, which brings me to my next point.
You may also decide to go for mascaras that are being sold as 'lengthening' mascara. The moment I saw the word 'lengthening', I know it's gonna do my eyelashes good and contribute lots of help in the length and volume department. Know what brand really does it? It's from the drugstore. Yup, it's Maybelline. The Lash Sensational is A.MA.ZING!
Waterproof mascara will certainly do the trick because the formulas are drier and able to hold the curl and shape better than regular formulas. Sure, it's a hassle to get off but at least it holds the curl best and the lashes will appear longer all day long. Yay for that!
This one is my favorite. What I usually do is after curling the lashes,

########
Rank: 23
Score: 86.98384
Retrieved Text: Welcome to Lash Lift & Tint!
The latest modern technique that lifts your lashes up from their roots, beautifully showcasing whole length of your lashes.
Lash Lift can enhance your appearance with effortless lashes that are always perfectly curled. In just one session your eyes will be bright and beautiful, 24 hours a day! The lash lift lasts up to six weeks, depending on your natural lash cycle, and gives eyes a dramatic, doe-eyed effect.
Your days of using eyelash curler can be gone forever with safe and effective LASH LIFT!
Eyelash Tinting is perfect for women with blond, reddish, or light brown hair who want more clearly defined eyelashes. Eyelash Tinting can dramatically enhance the look of the eye area and is great for those who don't have time for eye makeup.
You can throw away your mascara. Eyelash tinting will give your lashes a thicker, more prominent look, with each lash evenly tinted and separated.
If you wear contact lenses, you don't have to worry about getting any mascara on them.
These semi-permanent treatments are waterproof, so after your shower, or after a swim or any other athletic activity, you don't have to apply makeup to your lashes.
Over-the-counter dye kits are not always eye-friendly and can cause allergic reactions.
results last 4-6 weeks, or the natural growth cycle of the lashes.
Therapy for your eyelashes - ORGANIC LASH BOTOX complementary with each treatment!!!
Organic Lash Botox is the most advanced lash repair and nourishing formula worldwide.
Organic Lash Botox is a treatment, during which each eyelash is covered with a special solution that protects lashes

########
Rank: 24
Score: 86.90552
Retrieved Text: Not long ago, we once had to rely only on fake eyelashes and mascara to get the look of long luscious lashes again. But now, we don’t have to fake it thanks to eyelash serums. When looking for the best eyelash growth , it’s important that you know what they can do and how they work on your eyelashes.
If you’d like to stop throwing your money away getting lash extensions every few weeks or stop struggling with using fake eyelashes whenever you want to give your lash line more oomph, then you need to use the best eyelash serum to restore your natural lash line naturally with science-backed ingredients created by nature.
• Anagen – This is the growth phase which lasts anywhere from 30 to 45 days. During this time, roughly 40% of your upper lashes are growing (15% for lower lashes). Lashes grow to a certain length and then stop.
• Catagen – This is the transition phase, where the hair follicle shrinks. If you lose an eyelash during this phase, it isn’t growing back until the follicle it fell from completes this phase, which lasts between 2 and 3 weeks.
• Telogen – This is the resting stage which can go on for over 100 days before the lash falls out and begins to be replaced by a new one growing in. Each lash goes through its own phase at a different time which is why your lashes won’t all suddenly fall out at once.
When looking for the best eyelash booster, you should choose one with

########
Rank: 25
Score: 86.90181
Retrieved Text: Hopefully you will find this information helpful before you book your eyelash extension appointment.
if you don't need the full time, I will prorate the amount for you according to the time.
I can customize every look to how ever you want them. I use size .07 mm Silk Volume Lashes in D curl and C curl. I can blend the two Curls and use various sizes. I have lashes from various amazing brands creating a custom look for you. I make the room perfect condition for lashes for my lashes bond in 1 second and I can do a full set of Volume lashes in 2 hours. It’s the most tedious work I offer and I love every second of it. If you're interested in becoming a lash client long term, please schedule your fills ahead of time to ensure your appointment with me.
Are you a good candidate for lashes?
-If you cook a lot, if you do hot yoga more then 3 times a week, if you are a face sleeper, you wear a lot of makeup, or if you have damaged lashes. Repair them, then see me, as it's very difficult to do lashes on people with damaged lashes because they are weak and inconsistent which doesn't make for a perfect set as would a healthy set of lashes.
If you don't do any of the above, then you are a great candidate for them! If you want No makeup look, or to enhance what your mama didn't give you then you are ready to book an

########
Rank: 26
Score: 86.8697
Retrieved Text: An Eyelash life is a natural way to get longer, fuller lashes. Using silicone rods and a Keratin based lifting lotion, it is a safer and quicker method of achieving beautiful lashes. We can also combine the lift with a Henna based dye to darken the appearance of the lashes.
Eyelashes are shaped to give them a realistic and natural curl. Tinting enhances the eyelash lift and your eyelashes will look more well defined and longer. In combination your eyes will look larger. Clients will see varying results based on their lashes.
Lash lifts, with the tint only take about 45 minutes!
Is Eyelash Lift & Tint safe?
Absolutely! Our expert lash technicians are trained to make the process easy and relaxing.
We ask that you remove your contacts for the length of the appointment.
No! Unlike eyelash curlers or extensions, the process is not damaging, and the majority of patients do not experience any reactions. This is another bonus when compared to treatments like lash extensions, where some patients can react to the glue that is used.
How long will the Lift & Tint last?
The lash lift & tint can last up to 8 weeks.
Can I wear mascara after the Lash Lift & Tint?
While it is ok to wear mascara post-treatment, we suggest you avoid waterproof mascara and harsh makeup removers, as these are very damaging to the lashes.
Is there any reason I can't have the Lash Lift & Tint procedure?
The most common reasons patients are turned away from lifts is if their lashes are too short to work with the rods.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 86.68958
Retrieved Text: Mascara is a staple in every woman’s makeup bag and learning how to apply mascara right is a must-know. Love a curl that lasts? Scroll to find out what are the best steps to add length and thickness to your eyelashes.
The whole point of the mascara is to open the eyes.
And the first thing you should do is lift them with an eyelash curler.
Position your eyelash curler at the base of your lashes and clamp down gently for a few seconds.
Move the curler a little farther out and lightly press down again for a few seconds.
If you apply mascara without lifting them up, it can actually make your eyes look sad.
If you curled them before you now can easily reach the base of the roots.
Wiggle the brush back and forth, and gently comb eyelashes towards the tips. This is a basic mascara move you should perfect.
Applying mascara evenly throughout the length of your lashes is a big no-no! It leaves too much mascara, therefore clumps are hard to avoid.
For longer lashes, in an instant, all you need to do is to flip the mascara wand and apply the product vertically.
Use the tip of the brush and run it along the length of your lashes.
Don’t forget to scrape the excess of mascara on the tip of the wand with a tissue. Do this every time when you are using a tip of the wand.
Start by mentally dividing your eye into three parts.
Then apply mascara to the middle part only, using the tip of the brush in a

########
Rank: 28
Score: 86.22643
Retrieved Text: Eye-liner may amp up your look however, you can want to replace. The following lashes can be understood on your regional pharmacy or pub or on the world wide web and is going to have the ability to let one to receive your glam.https://alleyelashes.com/ Eyelashes work to maintain dust and also little particles outside of our eyes.
Adding lashes in addition is up to you personally. Mink eyelashes are a little bit pricier than your drugstore wide variety fakes since you’ll discover. You will discover our highest-rated eyelash enhancers and the very best prices supplied below.
Try a lash out extending mascara if you want the appearance of false lashes for casual. One rationale that eyelashes can seem abnormal is the lashes that you put on are not the most acceptable measurement. All you need to do to pull off fake eyelashes is to make sure that they look natural, so not as simple as it sounds but perhaps not difficult.
So let’s consider a few ways you can create your lashes seem natural. The Now You See Me lashes are created with durable organic mink fur that could be worn up with the treatment that was proper.
Bogus lashes’ usage needs to only be constrained to special instances.
With all the lashes, any appearance could be accomplished. You will forego clumpy mascara’s expression also really do not need to curl your lashes. You will find ultra-thin lashes obtainable, and in addition there are thick ones outside there.
A complete lash strip might likewise be thought of a appearance that was really

########
Rank: 29
Score: 86.18972
Retrieved Text: A number of women out there do not know the basics of using an eyelash curler and that’s okay because who’s a pro at everything? And when it is makeup related, women keep getting better thanks only after multiple trials and errors. So here’s taking you through basic steps to using the eyelash curler. While curling your lashes makes a big difference to your overall look, using it efficiently is what counts.
Step 1: Start when your lashes are absolutely clean, dry, and have no mascara on. Open the eyelash curler and, keeping your eyes open; place your upper lashes between the two sides.
Step 2: From the inner corner of your eye, position the curler as close as possible to your eyelid without pinching your skin. When your lashes are tucked inside, gently hold the curler together.
Step 3: Hold for a couple of seconds and then repeat if necessary, moving outward to curl the entire lash line.
Once you’ve mastered this, make sure you follow these dos and don’ts for your eyes to look stunning and absolutely alluring.
Even if you are in a hurry never ever make the mistake of wearing the mascara first and then using the eyelash curler. Not only does this make your lash curler extra gunky, it can also damage your lashes. When mascara dries, it makes your lashes harder and less flexible. Curling them when they’re in stiff can lead to breakage of your lashes. Benefits of using mascara after using an eyelash curler mainly are to give your eyes that dramatic effect!
Once

================



