======= Instance Index 345 =========
Input Text: Read the following conversation and answer the question.

W: Hello, glad to see you here!

M: Me, too. How are you going these days?

W: I'm OK. What are you doing in the library?

M: Oh, recently I'm curious about British English and American English. So I just come here to get some information. They are really about the same, aren't they?

W: I don't think so. It seems to me that some of the spellings are different.

M: Such as?

W: Words like theater and center end in "re" in England instead of "er" like we spell them.

M: Can you think of any more examples?

W: The word "color" is another case in point. In fact, many words which end in "or" in American English are spelled "our" in British English.

M: I'm still not convinced. I mean, if someone comes here from England, we can all understand what he's saying. The spelling doesn't really matter that much.

W: We're not just talking about spelling. There are differences in pronunciation and meaning too. I remember seeing an English movie where the actors kept calling their apartment a flat. Half of the movie was over before I realized what they were talking about.

M: So there are slight differences in spelling and some vocabulary.

W: And in pronunciation, too. You aren't going to tell me that you sound like James Simpson.

M: James Simpson isn't English. He's Scottish.

W: Okay. Anyway, the pronunciation is different.

M: So British English and American English are different in many ways, right?

W: Yes, sure.

M: But it's not so different that it prevents us from understanding each other.

W: That's exactly what I mean.

M: Questions 9 to 12 are based on the conversation you have just heard.

Question: What does the man think of the difference in spelling between British English and American English? 

- It can not prevent people from understanding each other.

- It is important for English learners to realize the difference.

- It makes people feel difficult to communicate with each other.

Target Text: It can not prevent people from understanding each other.

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 50.84549
Retrieved Text: British vs. American English: How to understand the differences . Kate Evans. While there are plenty of other dialects of spoken English, American and British are the most commonly taught in ESL/ESOL/EFL courses. Perhaps that�s because there are literally millions of Americans and the fact that British accents are pretty dreamy. British English and American English are both valued and... While there are certainly many more varieties of English, American and British English are the two varieties that are taught in most ESL/EFL programs.
23/10/2014�� British vs. American English - Spelling Differences - Free English Lesson There are some well-known spelling differences between British English and American English.... 23/10/2014�� British vs. American English - Spelling Differences - Free English Lesson There are some well-known spelling differences between British English and American English.
Although British English and American English are very similar, there are a few differences of grammar and spelling. Here are some examples of the most important differences. Use of the simple past and present perfect tenses In British English, only the present perfect can be � png unitech non school leaver application form 2018 pdf While there are certainly many more varieties of English, American and British English are the two varieties that are taught in most ESL/EFL programs.
The differences in American English vs. British English are many, and while there are a few rules of thumb you can follow when trying to adapt to British spelling, punctuation, and grammar rules, both dialects contain plenty of exceptions, contradictions, and things that just plain don�t make sense.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 50.68142
Retrieved Text: Home » Criticise vs. Criticize – What’s the Difference?
Spelling differences between American and British English are common. See labor/labour, honor/honour, color/colour, etc.
The history of these spelling differences is fascinating to some people, but if you are looking for simple advice on whether to use criticise or criticize, it might be more information that you need.
Suffice it to say that both of these spellings are acceptable, but one is clearly preferred.
What is the Difference Between Criticise and Criticize?
In this post, I will compare criticise vs. criticize. I will use each of these words in at least one example sentence, so you can see how it appears in context.
Plus, I will show you a helpful memory tool that will allow you to choose either criticise or criticize correctly every time.
What does criticize mean? Criticize is a verb that means to judge something by its faults. It is related to the noun critic, or one who judges things.
A film critic might criticize a movie by pointing out its poor writing, uneven pace, amateurish acting, or shoddy special effects.
A boss might criticize his or her employee’s performance, whether justly or unjustly.
Criticize is a regular verb, which means it follows the standard rules for conjugation of English verbs.
“I’m tired of you criticizing everything I do around here!” Julia complained to Eric.
Gary asked Melanie to constructively criticize an essay he had written for his English class, so that he could use her advice to improve his writing.
What doe criticise mean? Criticise is an alternative spelling of the same word. It means the

########
Rank: 2
Score: 49.37606
Retrieved Text: What's the difference? American & British English?
In this lesson, we’ll look at the main differences between Standard British English and Standard American English.
Posted in Blog, Videosamerican, American English, american pronunciation, American vocabulary, British, British English, British pronunciation, cambly, collective nouns, confident, Confidently, Conversation, difference, differences between, different vocabulary, Emma, English, English conversation, English pronunciation, English teacher, English vocabulary, English with Emma, ESL, grammar, ielts exam, learn english, learn english conversation, learn english grammar, learn how to become, mmmEnglish, prepositions, pronunciation, Speaking, spelling, spon, type of English, vocabulary, what's the difference, Whats, which one?
The Tet Holiday – Learn English Easily!

########
Rank: 3
Score: 47.522392
Retrieved Text: What is the difference between “behavior” and “behaviour”?
What would be a difference between behavior and behaviour by some example?
They mean the same thing; behaviour is the British English spelling; behavior is the American spelling. The definitions say the same thing in different ways.
In fact, there is no difference between behaviour and behavior except spelling. The former is preferred in British and Commonwealth English, the latter is the American spelling.
The entries are confusing because there is no single "Cambridge Dictionary." Cambridge University Press actually publishes dozens of different dictionaries. Their website, however, searches them all at once, and returns definitions which may or may not be relevant to you.
When you look up behaviour, you are given entries from the Cambridge Advanced Learner's Dictionary & Thesaurus and the Cambridge Business English Dictionary. When you look up behavior, you are given the entry in the Cambridge Academic Content Dictionary, and from the Cambridge Business English Dictionary a pointer to the entry for behaviour. Because the target audience for each dictionary is different, you see slightly different entries, but this is a quirk of the Cambridge Academic Content Dictionary failing to synonymize the spellings.
I commend you for doing your best with references, but would also recommend you limit searches to a learner's dictionary (e.g. Collins, Oxford, Macmillan, Cambridge, or Merriam-Webster) to avoid this happening in the future.
In short, they're the same word spelt differently in the US and the UK.
It's not very obvious because of the way Cambridge has laid out their pages.
Behaviour is the British spelling and behavior is

########
Rank: 4
Score: 46.570034
Retrieved Text: Most English dictionaries now include American and British spellings. In US dictionaries the difference is usually included in the headword with the variation given in parentheses.
What this means is that this word is spelled favor in American English and favour in British English.
Here is a list of the most common spelling differences between American and British English.
In British English, realize is also possible.
In American English, the consonant at the end of a word is sometimes not doubled. In British English, it is doubled when the consonant is an ‘I’.
Some words have two possible forms before –able and –age. The form without e is more common in most cases.
Two spellings are possible for the nouns dryer / drier and flyer / flier.
Words derived from dry can also be spelt with either y or i.
Judgement and acknowledgement can be spelt with or without the e after g.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 45.553394
Retrieved Text: British american spelling | oxford dictionaries, British and american spelling there are several areas in which british and american spelling are different. the differences often come about because british english has tended to keep the spelling of words it has absorbed from other languages (e.g. french), while american english has adapted the spelling to reflect the way that the words.
Is travelled traveled? – future perfect, Is it travelled or traveled? when adding -ing and -ed to verbs, we sometimes double the consonant beforehand. people are often confused with ‘travelled/traveled.
Is traveling travelling? traveled travelled, Traveling travelling depends audience. traveling preferred spelling .. travelling preferred spelling uk commonwealth. american-british spelling difference carries forms: traveled travelled traveler traveller..
Orthography – "travelling" . "traveling" – english, .
Traveling . travelling | wordreference forums, .

########
Rank: 6
Score: 44.941353
Retrieved Text: Why are advice and advise so similar?
It’s no wonder that advice and advise are often confused; they are used in similar contexts and are separated by just one letter. But, that letter signals important distinctions to keep in mind when using the terms. So, what are the differences between the two?
What are the differences between advise and advice?
Advise is a verb meaning “to give counsel to; offer an opinion or suggestion as worth following.” Advice is a noun meaning “an opinion or recommendation offered as a guide to action, conduct, etc.” The -ice ending of advice is pronounced like “ice,” while the -ise ending of advise is pronounced like the “-ize” in realize.
Some of the confusion surrounding these terms may be attributable to the subtle spelling differences, particularly when it comes to the use of the letter c versus the letter s (between British and American English).
For instance, in British English, the words practice and practise are different parts of speech (noun and verb, respectively).
Meanwhile, in American English, the word practice doubles as both a noun and a verb.
While the absence of a second spelling might lead you to believe American English prefers the -ce ending, English speakers in the United States use defense and offense where the British use defence and offence.
How do you use advise and advice?
Thankfully, regardless of the variety of English you’re dealing with, advice is always a noun and advise is always a verb.
If you have trouble remembering the difference between the two, it might help to keep in mind that

########
Rank: 7
Score: 44.42399
Retrieved Text: American English vs British English – what’s the difference? Well, there are 3 main ways that these groups of English speakers disagree.
First, vocabulary. Some words in British English (like “bin”) are completely different in the USA (“trash”/”garbage”). There are a lot of words like this – and you can try these out in our Great Quiz of American English vs British English.
Secondly, spelling. The main difference here is the letter u. Words like “humour” and”colour” are, here, spelled in the British English way. In the US, the u is absent. These words are spelled “humor” and “color”.
The last – and probably the most confusing – difference between American English and British English is how we speak.
Not only do the 2 groups of English speakers use different words (and different slang), but the way some words are pronounced are also different. This can make things confusing – for learners, yes, but even for British people and people from the USA!
To help, why not study a small group of words which are often pronounced differently? We at English42 will show you 8 common words which American and British people pronounce differently. The first words will be short and simple, while the last words will be longer and difficult.
The IPA uses strange-looking symbols to represent different sounds. You can see it anytime you look up a word in an English dictionary. We will use it here to show you how the words sound different in American English vs British English.
For more English advice and tips every day, Like English42

########
Rank: 8
Score: 44.277477
Retrieved Text: It is sometimes said that the United States and the United Kingdom are two countries separated by a common language. Despite the fact that English is the most widely used language in both countries, a distinction is often made between the English used in the United States—American English—and the English used in the United Kingdom—British English. The differences between the two varieties of English are usually subtle, but they exist nonetheless, particularly around spelling.
Favorite and favourite are both correct spellings, depending on whether you use American or British spelling standards. Favorite is preferred in American English, while favourite is preferred in British English. Sometimes, favorite or favourite can be used and the correct form depends on which style guide you follow.
Learn more details about these spelling differences below.
The answer to that question might depend on where you are. If you’re in the United States, you would hear that “favorite” is the correct spelling. If you were pretty much anywhere else in the world where English is spoken, you would hear that “favourite” is the spelling you should use. “Favourite” and “favorite” mean the same thing, are pronounced the same way (FAY-vuh-rit or FAY-vrit), and are both correct spellings.
“Favorite” (or “favourite,” if that’s the spelling you favour) is a word that can be used both as a noun and as an adjective.
I had many toys when I was a child, but the fire truck was my favorite.
Although he’d entered the tournament as the favorite, he still had a couple of tough matches in front of him.
Blue is

########
Rank: 9
Score: 44.193474
Retrieved Text: Labeled or Labelled—Which Is Correct?
Labeled and labelled are both correct spellings.
Labeled is the preferred spelling in American English.
Labelled is the preferred spelling in British English.
How should you spell the past tense of the verb label? After adding the -ed ending, should you double the L? Speakers of American English might answer differently than speakers of British English.
Labeled and labelled are both correct spellings, and they mean the same thing. How you spell the word depends on your audience. If you are writing for American readers, labeled is the preferred spelling. In other places, such as Great Britain and Canada, labelled is a more common spelling than labeled.
Even though the jar was labeled as flour, the children knew it was where their mom hid the candy.
The school labeled the lockers with numbers.
What the janitor labelled bug spray contained a powerful poison.
No one likes to be labelled as a cheater.
As you shop your favorite grocery store, do you lean toward foods that are labeled “natural”?
“As a concerned citizen and a veteran I am profoundly upset that your administration has labeled the American Flag a ‘disruptive symbol,” Velis wrote.
A schoolboy has been suspended after a light-hearted video of him rapping was labelled a ‘hate crime’ by teachers.
In February, the Sun, which is owned by Rupert Murdoch, published a story which labelled Prince William “work-shy Wills”, and accused him of “shirking” his royal duties and his job as an air ambulance pilot.
When reading, keep in mind that labeled and labelled are both correct. If you are the writer, choose the

########
Rank: 10
Score: 44.12597
Retrieved Text: This comprehensive guide is designed to help translators and proofreaders navigate through the many differences between British and American English in formatting, grammar, spelling and vocabulary.
For two countries that many still claim to speak the same language, the differences between British and American English are surprisingly extensive. From punctuation to idioms, they are vast and varied, fully capable of affecting meaning and causing confusion. Worse still is their ability to break the emotional connection between the reader and the message of the translation. A simple spelling mistake, a z instead of an s for example, is sure to make your reader think, “this is not intended for me”.
All into-English translators need to be aware of these key differences. Adapting your translation to the specific demands of British or American English is a simple yet essential method to ensure that your English translation is both accurate and effective.
Full stop after titles Dr. Mr. Mrs. Ms.
Punctuation outside quotation marks (unless it is part of the spoken sentence).
The committee were unable to agree.
Muse are a great band.
The Beatles are playing at Wembley.
The committee was unable to agree.
Muse is a great band.
I shall be there at 6.
I will be there at 6.
*Refer to Spelling: British medical terms consistently use – ae and – oe.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 42.87848
Retrieved Text: You may think that the English we speak and read is the same all over the world. But this is far from true. Although British and American English are the two dominating variants, we find many local variants. There are differences between British and American spelling such as: colour (BE) and color (AE) or analyse (BE) and analyze (AE).
Some teachers will say to stick to only the British system, while others will say that the American system is easier to learn. As long as you are consistent and stick to one system, there should be no real problem. The following British and American spelling exercise tests if you can recognize the differences.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 42.51214
Retrieved Text: The British and the American English are presently the accepted reference norms for English language as spoken, written, and taught in the world. Although U.S English and British English are mutually intelligible there are enough differences to cause in everyday life languages often arising the need for Helpful Translations for U.S. Visitors to Northern England or vice versa. The lexicon differences can sometimes lead to complete failure of communication. U.S English is much more casual while the northern England English is much formal in nature.
The first divergences between US and British English have a historical and nationalistic origin. Early America was an accidental discovery by Italian-born merchant and explorer Amerigo Vespucci while he was exploring for a new sea route to India for profitable spice trade. The first known inhabitants were the red Indians who were ruthlessly cleansed by the early white settlers. They had their own language and culture. The English language was introduced to the native and American settlers in the early 17th century during the British colonization. At that time English had also spread to other parts of the world due to the vast British Empire.
From the beginning, the early American settlers borrowed and adopted words from Native American languages for various unfamiliar objects. America has been a meeting point of various cultures and linguistic groups who have accepted it as their new home. The American form of English evolved as a result of the innovation and intermixing of various language groups from different parts of the world who accepted English as their

########
Rank: 13
Score: 42.197952
Retrieved Text: The one-word percent is standard in American English. Percent is not absent from other varieties of English, but most publications still prefer the two-word per cent. The older forms per-cent, per cent. (per cent followed by a period), and the original per centum have mostly disappeared from the language (although the latter sometimes appears in legal writing).
There is no difference between percent and per cent. Choosing between them is simply a matter of preference.
YES, I replied to a 2 year old comment, because why not.
“per cent” drives me nuts. And I’m Canadian. I normally advocate for using Canadian spelling in Canada, but not here.
When in high school in the ’50’s in Texas, only “per cent” was correct. I don’t know when it became correct to spell it “percent”.
Err no, this article implies that “percent” is only used in American English. It seems everyone else uses “per cent”.
Well, as the usage is clear, “per cent” is grammatically correct, and “percent” is a newer form of the two words put together.
But just as sure as that is true, so is the fact that the words, “Percentage” and “Percentile” are used around the world and no one is suggesting we separate them to “Per centage” and “Per centile” I would have to think the world will eventually embrace the conjoining of the two words as proper diction.
Probably my most well thought out post ever. Enjoy it while it lasts…. ladies. lol.
The Canadian dollar is valued at 85 per cent per cent of US currency.
Yeah it’s a stretch, and nobody

########
Rank: 14
Score: 42.02874
Retrieved Text: There are some differences between British English and American English not only in pronunciation but also in spelling and in the usage of grammar.
In our daily lives it doesn´t matter which version you are using, just if you have picked one stick to it and be consistent. If you decide that you want to use American English spellings then be consistent in your spelling (i.e. The color of the orange is also its flavour - color is American spelling and flavour is British).

########
Rank: 15
Score: 41.32052
Retrieved Text: Is autocorrect in Mac OS X driving you nuts? We’ve received a fair amount of complaints regarding Mac OS X spelling autocorrect feature erroneously correcting things like British English words to American English words, and changing the spelling of some words like “colour” to “color” and so on. The reason for this is a language priority setting that should be set beyond just specifying a generic language, and you can set a region specific form of English (or Spanish, Portuguese, etc) that will alleviate this behavior.
The autocorrect feature is very useful, so instead of turning it off, set a language priority and you’ll alleviate the aforementioned annoyance.
Now anytime you type ‘colour’ it shouldn’t tell you it’s a typo, but recognize it as the proper spelling of that word for your country. Most of the complaints of this behavior come from English speakers, and Mac OS X Lion onward has at least four sets: American English, British English, Canadian English, and Australian English, so be sure to prioritize these as they are appropriate for you.
If you do want to disable autocorrect you can do that too, but remember that autocorrect must be disabled separately in Safari.
Anyway, if you’re having a frustrating experience with autocorrect in Mac OS replacing words with spelling that is incorrect for your region, this trick should resolve that. If you know of another method for achieving the same result, share with us in the comments!
It is wrong not just in American English, but pre 19th century England. Colour came out of England’s obsession

########
Rank: 16
Score: 41.07814
Retrieved Text: Thank you very much for your software, it helps me a lot. I am not a native speaker and I haven’t had practice in English for two years, but now I’m trying to recover my English.
I write in several languages (in Ukrainian, Russian, Spanish, Esperanto and English), and I prefer to write in English with British spelling. But when I enable the option of language auto-detection I have a problem: LanguageTool is sure that I’m writing in English (US) and show that words like “colour” or “organisation” are mistakes.
I think, it would be perfect to have the language auto-detection, but I want to see in my computer British English as auto-detected. How can I configure the LanguageTool Firefox extension for this?
Hi, this is a known problem and we already have an issue for this (https://github.com/languagetool-org/languagetool-browser-addon/issues/7), but currently it’s not supported.
Well, I’ll wait for the resolving of the issue. Anyway, your software is great!
I changed the default settings for the English language from American English to British English.
I’m not sure that makes sense, now everybody who uses American English gets the wrong language by default?
I’m not sure that it’s good solution. I think, there are more people who use American English than British.
If users set language to American English then they get American English.
But if users set language to auto detect then they get British English.
Yes, but how is this better than before? I think American English should stay the default as it’s the right choice for more users.
I think so, too; although I’m the creator of

########
Rank: 17
Score: 41.00722
Retrieved Text: Of course, the spelling difference extends to derivatives such as moldy/mouldy and molding/molding and to the verb sense to shape with a mold.
Australian and Canadian English favor the British spelling, though mold is fairly common in Canadian publications.
The fact that mold appears in Canadian spelling both contradicts the statement that mould is Canadian and the idea that there is a Canadian English. There seems to be a conspiracy amongst Eastern Canadian publishers to insist that there is an official Canadian way of spelling and that it is primarily English when not tainted by French. I don’t recognize it and refuse to let them dictate my spelling and pronunciation.
There should be a different spelling for each meaning.
o.0 I actually thought “mould” was for the growth, and “mold” was for molds that you set stuff in, like a chocolate mold.
Since English is a language developed by useage, and the words are both used, they are correct by definition.
So, basically “Mold” is correct, “Mould” is American (aka wrong).
Personally I think it would be most effective to adopt a different spelling for the object used in casting. from the 2nd definition Identifying a fungus growth on food. thus eliminating mold as a word with 2 entirely different definitions. While context is generally enough for one to identify the intended meaning. In some paragraphs where both meanings are possible, such as molding perishables such as food or paper products, It can lead to confusion.
In New Zealand, “mold” is the spelling adopted when describing a form for casting a shape while “mould”

########
Rank: 18
Score: 40.91307
Retrieved Text: This question may come across as a tad stupid, but having noticed the fact that IB uses American English in its papers, I couldn't help but wonder if British English is acceptable. All my spellings are British and my manner of writing tends to be slightly more quaint than my American counterparts.
British English is superior to American English so use it if you want.
IBO documentation generally uses British English spelling for words such as "programme", "favour" and "theatre". Which exam papers used American spelling?
You can use whichever you want, although I'd stick to either one or the other throughout just for the sake of consistency.
I certainly used British English (...naturally!) without penalty.
Umm....they don't use American English. Otherwise, like HiggsHunter said, they wouldn't be spelling program "programme," color "colour," etc. But they don't penalize for using American English over British English, or vice versa.
Just pick one (British or American spellings) and be consistent with it.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 40.771873
Retrieved Text: Long time has gone by and there's been too little good blogging from my end. But here's something, now! Here's just a few thoughts on an issue that I really don't want to put much thought into.
I wish to state emphatically one thing: Until I have an editor to tell me otherwise, my stories currently use, and shall use in the future, the official spelling standard called Weird Mutated Foreign Spelling.
It may be weird that a writer of any caliber says that spelling guides are worthless, but it's happening, right here, right now. I'm saying that I'm not opening a style guide until someone specifically tells me to open a style guide.
People who have looked at my text don't think I've been consistently using American or British spelling and punctuation conventions. And they would be right on that account! I'm not British, I'm not American; I speak English as a second language. The popular culture tends to teach me American conventions; the parts of English that I learned in school taught mostly British conventions, with a good discussion of American conventions as well. When I was in school, I believe we discussed the differences, but I don't think anyone ever said which conventions we were supposed to prefer. And lately, I've realised that no one else gives a damn either!
—ah, we have found a good reason for their existence.
What I'm trying to get to this is this: I'm striving for consistency, and that's all that matters to me personally. I'm sure people don't have gigantic problems

########
Rank: 20
Score: 40.575848
Retrieved Text: I've read your article with great interest, however I think that as English is one of the most important vehicle languages , there's no great difference between American English and British one. Students should learn how to speak it without too much concern on this difference. What is important is to speak and let other people understand you.
Thank you for sharing this article. It's really helpful and useful. I don't think so that American English is better, but I think American English is easier than British English. After reading this article, I realize that I often mix between American English and British English in speaking.
Well, once again, thak you for sharing this information.
Sorry, Dave C. I'm from San Francisco and we use 'been' and 'gone' the same way. No difference in American English.
Can we use both American and British English in oral speech?
The verb in the table above is the verb 'to saw', meaning to cut something with a saw, not the past tense of 'see'. I hope that clears up the confusion!
Thanks to everyone for your helpful comments.
The information given above was very useful and well written. I would like to tell you if you noticed that, in the table of verbs, "saw" is in the list of infinitive verbs where it should be "see". Am I wrong?
I wanted to comment that. Thank you for the information, as I said, it was very very useful.
I just wanted to say one other thing...it has often been the case that German speaking English teachers use these differences

########
Rank: 21
Score: 40.359734
Retrieved Text: Hey folks, sorry this one’s a little late, I’ve been recording the next batch of Lumiappadays to save time over the next couple of weeks for exams.
On the point of revising, here’s a somewhat educational game though made fun, called spelling millionaire. I’ve only played it briefly but I think the premise is simple. You just select whether the spelling in front of you is right or wrong. I don’t know if later it would ask you to actually spell something.
You have an option to have British (real) English :p :p or American English. Either way the ‘prize’ is in dollars. You can walk away if you’re not sure of a spelling to accumulate points. If you lose well you go back to the last threshold, whatever that may be.
It’s a fun enough game and can be, in a way, may help with your vocabulary. It does have a dictionary to explain what that word means in case the spelling is put so awkwardly you don’t know what it’s trying to say.
« $200 Million Dollar advertising for Nokia Windows Phone…just for USA.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 40.279675
Retrieved Text: If you regularly work on the localisation of international digital marketing campaigns, you will know the difference between international and multilingual. Depending on which countries you are targeting, you are not always required to translate your campaigns and your content.
Multilingual refers to the use of several languages.
International refers to something affecting two or more nations.
Most of the time when running international marketing campaigns you will need to localise them, adapting them to the specific culture, dialect, or language of the countries you are targeting. However, international doesn’t always have to mean multilingual, as in the case of Britain and the US, both of which speak English. Having said this, when it comes to international digital marketing, localisation comes into play even when the language stays the same.
This is because there can be many differences between two variations of the same language, in terms of spelling, vocabulary, collective nouns or past tense verbs, for instance.
When localising content from British English to American English or vice versa, you need to be aware of the different spelling rules — for instance colour-color, organise-organize. Many words ending in ‘-ise’ in British English typically change into ‘-ize’ in American English.
There are also some changes in terms of vocabulary. British people are familiar with some American words thanks to the influence of Hollywood films and American TV shows, but the opposite is not always true, because Americans are not influenced by the British culture in the same way. Digital marketing campaigns or websites written in British English but intended for an American

########
Rank: 23
Score: 39.814568
Retrieved Text: UPDATE: On MacOS Sierra, after you have set your language preference using System Preferences -> Language and Region, you can then go to Text Preferences under Keyboard settings to follow step 3 (and onward) from below.
If like me you have not yet learnt to drop the ‘u’ from ‘colour’, then you might have noticed that Mac OS X Snow Leopard makes it annoyingly difficult to switch the system language preference, especially for spell checking (worse, I suspect the interface for spell check language settings is buggy). To that end, below is a quick outline of the steps I used to switch to British English (click on the small images to see the full version).
Bring up System Preferences (there is usually an icon on your dock with three gears). Click on Languages & Text.
Select the Language tab and order languages by dragging and dropping them. In my case, that meant moving British English to the top. What this obtains is a change of the language that is used by the system to communicate with you. There is more work to do.
Select the Text tab. On the right you should see the preference for Spelling. The default value for this setting is Automatic by Language. You could leave it like that or change it to British English; the latter value forces the system to always use British English for spell checking. If you set this field to the language of your preference (British English in my case), you might think you are done, but you are not (and

########
Rank: 24
Score: 39.7642
Retrieved Text: These two varieties of English are very similar that most American and British speakers can understand each other without great difficulty. There are, however, a few differences of grammar, vocabulary and spelling. The following guide is meant to point out the principal differences between American English (AE) and British English (BE).
The British use the present perfect to talk about a past action which has an effect on the present moment. In American English both simple past and present perfect are possible in such situations.
Other differences include the use of already, just and yet. The British use the present perfect with these adverbs of indefinite time. In American English simple past and present perfect are both possible.
The British normally use have got to show possession. In American English have (in the structure do you have) and have got are both possible.
In British English the past participle of get is got. In American English the past participle of get is gotten, except when have got means have.
In British English it is fairly common to use shall with the first person to talk about the future. Americans rarely use shall.
In offers the British use shall. Americans use should.
In British English needn't and don't need to are both possible. Americans normally use don't need to.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 39.45631
Retrieved Text: Hi Max. Great video thank you Max.
i subbed to you, im from india, which part of australia are you from?
+Zohaib Azam Yes :). And I also put short videos on Facebook and Instagram.
+English with Max will you upload more videos in the future?
Thanks! I'm from a town on the east coast called Coffs Harbour.
I've heard both pronounciation many times and when i heard the British one I got confused, I knew it had to be a British vs American thing, never bothered to look it up tho, but now I heard it again an decided to look it up. I honestly don't like the British one, the American one sounds better, personal preference.
Well, I now have a reason to believe that my PTE/IELTS scores are affected by the occasional misuse of British/Australian/American English. I learned the basics of English in China as I grew up there and the English books are written in American English. Then I moved into Australia and picked up part of the pronunciation and spellings in Australian English. For the entertainment, I watch American TV shows and movies. I can see how problematic my spellings has become. Do you have any advice to standardise my use of English?
Oh I see. Yes, it might also depend on who is marking your exam.
English with Max Thanks for the reply, Max. Apparently, some English tests take this matter more seriously. Let's say if I write an essay in British English and spell a word in American's way. This word would be considered misspelt. For example,

########
Rank: 26
Score: 39.14828
Retrieved Text: When I created online jokes, I was confused with keywords: humor and humour. After search on the web, I got that humor and humour actually are same word with different spelling. Humor mostly used in American English, and humour used in British English.
Most words ending in an unstressed -our in British English (e.g. colour, flavour, harbour, honour, humour, labour, neighbour, rumour) end in -or in American English (cf. color, flavor, harbor, honor, humor, labor, neighbor, rumor). Wherever the vowel is unreduced in pronunciation, this does not occur: e.g. contour, velour, paramour and troubadour are spelled thus the same everywhere.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 38.730602
Retrieved Text: 1 How do languages change?
2 Why are languages always changing?
3 Where do words come from?
4 Skunk-Leek – my kind of town: what’s in a name?
5 Where does English come from?
6 Why is American English different from British English?
7 Why is English spelling so eccentric?
8 Which is the oldest language?

########
Rank: 28
Score: 38.42902
Retrieved Text: There are far too many dialects of English language. We even have an Indian one (Heard someone say, “I’m from here only”). The American and British are the two most popular accents spoken around the world. That is the reason why most competitive examinations you appear for, emphasize primarily on these two dialects.
You study English as your second language, so it is easy to be frustrated with the subtle differences. You will discover, soon enough, that you can crack the code by choosing one of the two as your primary dialect. Subsequently, you can learn these differences to talk to both Americans, and Brits, with equal ease.
It is even easier to consider the differences when you separate their varied usages. Here is an easy way to do that.
Among all the differences between the two dialects, the difference in vocabulary is the easiest to pick. Both Americans and British have unique ways to refer to the same thing. The graphic below shows the different words that people in New York and London use to refer to the same thing.
Americans tend to drop the U in words like colour and honour. Credits for these changes go to the American lexicographer, Noah Webster. Touted as the “Father of American Scholarship and Education”, you might remember him from the name of a dictionary that you are used to referring to. Yes, that is right, the Merriam-Webster Dictionary.
3. Do you end the word with -re or -er?
Another subtle difference is the way you would spell words like theatre and metre. While

########
Rank: 29
Score: 38.359127
Retrieved Text: What is the difference between ‘I will meet you’ and ‘I will meet with you’?’ Martin, can you give us your thoughts on those two expressions?
Yes – well, firstly, well done Mustafa, well done for being really up-to-date, because of course ‘I will meet with you’ — that ‘with’ there is a recent form, certainly in British English. It comes from American English, but I think in American English too, it’s a fairly recent form.
There is a difference: I will meet you or I’ll meet you, could mean all kinds of things. It could mean that we’re going to have a meeting, and we’re going to do some work together; but it could simply mean that’s where we’re going to see each other, and we’re going to go and do something else afterwards.
‘I will meet with you’ does imply a number of things: it implies that it’s quite formal; it implies that it’s very professional reasons and it implies that somehow, we’re going to collaborate on something …and that it will go on for quite a long time.
“It’d be really nice to meet with you if we can both find time within our schedules, let me know!

================



======= Instance Index 3842 =========
Input Text: Read the following conversation and answer the question.

W: When did you become interested in collecting stamps?

M: Oh, when I was about ten years old. It's an exciting hobby. You know, the first postage stamps were issued in Britain in 1840.

W: Really? I didn't know that. I did know that the charge for mail delivery before the appearance of postage stamps was paid by either the sender or the receiner. How much was the usual charge?

M: Oh, about ten cents for a short distance. But post of rices were losing money with that system. Rowland Hill an Englishman, suggested using postage stamps. Here's a picture of the first two stamps issued.

W: They both bear a picture of Queen Victoria.

Question: Who paid for the mail delivery before the appearance of postage stamps? 

- The British government.

- The individual post offices.

- Either the sender or the receiver of a letter.

Target Text: Either the sender or the receiver of a letter.

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 50.4123
Retrieved Text: Prepaid envelopes are the ideal alternative to affixing stamps or franking, as the supplied envelopes are printed with a unique phosphor stamp which Royal Mail systems identify as prepaid.
As a licensed operator by Royal Mail, we can print 1st or 2nd class phosphor stamps onto a wide range of envelopes; thus creating added value and a distinctive appearance when compared to traditional mail.
With prepaid envelopes it already has a postage paid stamp printed onto the envelope, so it avoids the need for affixing traditional stamps or franking post.
The prepaid stamp design has a distinctive appearance that includes the Queens profile and phosphorous bars, which can help enhance your mailings and improve opening rates.
As the postage costs are paid in advance at a set price, you don't need to worry about future postal price increases as you've already paid the postage regardless of when you use the envelopes.
Prepaid envelopes give you total flexibility as they can be used as and when required, even if you just want to send one letter, or thousands. Ideal for small campaigns!
Offer standard (DL, C5, C4) and non-standard sized envelopes to suit the different mail formats (e.g. letter, large letter, small parcel) and specifications of Royal Mail.
Officially licensed to print the very unique 1st or 2nd class postage paid stamps along with phosphor bars to validate the value and delivery service of your mail.
Print the correct format (e.g. letter) and weight allowance (e.g. 100g) information on your envelope to the equivalent prepaid postage value, so you remain within specification.
Provide high quality 1

########
Rank: 1
Score: 42.29193
Retrieved Text: Purchase price of $0.55; postage value equivalent to First-Class Mail nonautomation single-piece rate ($0.41); remainder is contribution to fund breast cancer research.
All postage stamps issued by the United States since 1860, unless listed in 1.3, are valid for postage from any point in the United States or from any other place where U.S. Mail service operates. Precanceled stamps may be used to pay regular postage and fees for extra services if the mailpiece is endorsed under the standards for the class of mail and service requested. Precanceled postage may be used only by permit holders authorized under 3.0. Unless excepted by standard, the total postage affixed must equal at least the postage charge for the class of the mail and, if applicable, the fee for the extra service requested. All nondenominated postage and makeup rate stamps, including official mail stamps, are valid at the original rates of issue.
a. Postage due, special delivery, special handling, and Certified Mail stamps.
b. Stamps of other countries.
c. United Nations stamps, unless on mail deposited at the United Nations, NY.
d. U.S. stamps that are mutilated or defaced; cut from stamped envelopes, aerogrammes, or stamped cards; covered or coated in such a manner that canceling or defacing marks cannot be printed onto the stamps; or overprinted with an unauthorized design, message, or other marking.
e. Nonpostage stamps, such as migratory-bird hunting and conservation stamps, U.S. saving and thrift stamps.
Matter bearing imitations of postage stamps, in adhesive or printed form, or private seals or stickers resembling a postage stamp in form and design, is not

########
Rank: 2
Score: 41.608475
Retrieved Text: Size: rate 4- 1/ first 4" x 6" thickness:. Postal first Service Announces New Prices for. in the price of rate a First- Class Mail Forever rate stamp from 49 cents sheet to 50 cents. This guide will tell you that where to rate buy stamps postage cards parcels. Since the mid- 19th century class national postal systems have generally been established as postage government monopolies class with a fee on sheet the article first prepaid. First- Class Mail ® automation first letters. USPS Postage Rate Cheat Sheet Comparison ( ) This is a diagram of parcel postal rate charts to helps you learn how sheet to price your shipping for eBay what the shipping costs will be if you pass them class on to the consumer. First class postage rate sheet.
Cost of First- Class™ Stamps. 016" Weights Single Piece Full Rate. This service is rate ideal class cost- effective for letters, , sheet large envelopes, bills postcards. First- Class Package Service has a maximum weight of less than 16 ounces. First Class letter 55 cents 27Jan, 2Feb19 I' m still missing some new rates - - give me a heads up at org. rate A postal service can postage be private public though many governments place restrictions on private systems. first The official first day of issue postmark for the United sheet States Postal Service' s Sally Ride postage stamps features a class facsimile rate of the late astronaut' s autograph as issued on May 23 . A small adhesive piece of paper of specified

########
Rank: 3
Score: 41.494778
Retrieved Text: You can buy envelopes and postage stamps not only at a post office close to you, but also at various retail stores. With the list on this page, you will be able to find many pharmacies and retail stores that sell stamps conveniently close to your home. The list includes well known stores such as Rite aid, CVS and Walmart. Various Check Cashing Place outlets and banks – although these normally only sell stamps in books. Even the biggest Internet-based retailer in the world, Amazon sells postage stamps and you can also find them on USPS’s website.
When we investigate postal history, we find that a number of inventions have been used to show that postage was paid for an item that is sent via mail. The result of this is that several people were credited with the postage stamp’s creation.
A Slovene civil servant named Lovrenc Košir suggested charging postal tax by attaching stamps artificially in 1835. Košir lived in Ljubljana in Slovenia (the then Austria Hungary) and his suggestion involved what he called “pressed paper wafers.” Although the idea was investigated in detail, it was never implemented.
William Dockwra, a merchant from London, England founded the London Penny Post in 1680 together with Robert Murray, his partner. The Penny Post was a mail delivery system that distributed small packages and letters within London’s city limits. The company charged one penny per item for the service. Customers prepaid the item’s postage and this was confirmed by franking the mailed item with a stamp applied by hand. Although the

########
Rank: 4
Score: 40.440502
Retrieved Text: This is article only for people who want to know: Where Can I Buy Stamps Near Me,Where Can You Buy Stamps,where can i buy postage stamps near me, where can you buy stamps and so many other keyword for Buy Stamps Near Me.
Writing a postcard to a friend or any relative is quite annoying in today’s advance world, where each & every person connect with each other within a few seconds. But in US, still people use posting system to send a letter or item. Postage Stamps can be acquired from many vendors in the US.
However, there are many places Where Can you Buy Stamps Near Me. Only you just need to know which places sell the postage stamps in US.
In which the first place is all Local Post Offices sell the postage stamps. And you don’t know about United States Postal Service, by which you can purchase postage stamps online. Well, there will be more places which provides postage stamps more conveniently than Post Office.
Here we’ll provide you a complete list of suitable vendors who sell postage stamps near about your location.
In US, many places provides you stamps in a wide variety according to your need. The best place to buy postage stamps is Stamps.com that saves your time as well as eliminates your trip to post office. Even Amazon & eBay also sell stamps but both charge more than featured value of a standard stamp.
For online purchasing stamps, we only recommend Stamps.com or USPS.com will deliver your stamps into your home where as Stamps.com

########
Rank: 5
Score: 40.08209
Retrieved Text: Until 1983 mail on which the postage was not paid, or was underpaid, was subject to a surcharge equal to double the normal postage, and postage due stamps were applied. From 5 April 1983, the shortage was charged, plus a fee representing a penalty which was supposed to reflect the cost to Royal Mail of collecting the underpayment. This fee started at 10p and gradually rose to £1 by May 2003. The use of postage due stamps to collect the sums due stopped in 1994, not long after new 'To Pay' stamps were issued.
Royal Mail is introducing a simpler flat-rate charging structure for letters and parcels where insufficient postage or no stamps have been attached. The changes are designed to reduce delays in processing underpaid mail and minimise inconvenience for customers. Even with these changes, surcharge fees will not fully meet the cost to Royal Mail of handling mail where the appropriate postage has not been attached.
From Monday 5 October 2015, Royal Mail will introduce a flat-fee of only £1.50 to be paid by the recipient of a letter or a large letter where insufficient postage has been paid. This fee will be £2 when no stamp has been attached. A £3 fee will apply to a Small Parcel with insufficient postage or no stamp attached.
For Medium Parcels and Special Delivery Guaranteed items with incorrect or no postage, a fee of £1.50 plus the postage due, rounded to the nearest 10 pence, will apply.
Under the new process, items which incur a surcharge will spend less time

########
Rank: 6
Score: 39.070606
Retrieved Text: We perform all of the requirements for your mailing to receive the best bulk-rate postage discounts available!
— See our customer reviews!
No need to tie up your office personnel addressing postcards and applying stamps.
We Can Print, Address & Mail For You!
Savings is based on the cost of stamps for 5,000 4″ X 9″ postcards vs. Summit Printing addressing AND mailing the postcards.
The comparison ALSO includes your postage (bulk-rate standard mail).
Full Color Printing on Both Sides Included in Pricing · Optional High-Gloss UV on the front at no additional charge!
Jumbo Postcard Sizes: Five sizes are prepriced above.
Need a size not listed here? Any postcard size not listed here can be priced by custom quote.
Mailing Production Time: 200 - 25,000 in 1-3 business days; 30,000 - 60,000 in 3-5 business days; 70,000 - 100,000 in 5-7 business days.
Postcard Paper Options: Standard postcard paper is an extra-thick 16 Point coated cover (priced above) Many other paper options are available, including 14 Point, 100lb Gloss Cover, 100lb Linen Cover, and 14 Point Uncoated by custom quote.
Direct mail can be a little confusing, especially if you've never done a bulk rate mailing before.
Feel free to give us a call, send us an email, or contact us on live chat with a question.
We have expert assistence waiting to answer any questions you may have.
Summit Printing performs ALL of the USPS software, processing and sorting requirements for your mailing to receive the low presort automation rates on your postage, including the new Intelligent Mail™ barcode (IMb) requirement. Besides postage savings of as much as

########
Rank: 7
Score: 38.28814
Retrieved Text: How much is a stamp? the price of a uk first years ago everyone would have known the price of a first class stamp and it was royal mail has diversified into. What are forever stamps? forever stamps which means that they can be used to mail first class you must include additional postage along with your forever. … letter-sized envelope or postcard weighing 1 ounce or less costs 72 cents to mail to canada of first class stamp to canada? a first class stamp.
Postal service customers who shell out extra bucks to send letters by priority mail aren’t delivery than a 42-cent stamp. priority and first-class mail.. What are presorted first class postage rates for presorted mail is that much of their work is postage stamp? what are presorted first class. Related questions. q: what is the value of a first class stamp? a: as of 2014, the price of a first class stamp is 49 cents. the price changes frequently based on the.
On 31 march, the price of a first class stamp will rise by 2p to 62p.royal mail, royal mail has announced first class and second class stamp prices from 31 march.. What is usps first-class mail?. first-class postage entails as little as a stamp on a letter or as much as about $3 for the heaviest allowable weight.. Will the usps reject an envelope weighing 1.1 ounces with 1 first class stamp? ask where your mail is the letter postage.
What is usps first-class mail?. first-class postage entails as little as a stamp

########
Rank: 8
Score: 38.274002
Retrieved Text: Philatelists have defined the period from 1858 to 1892 as the classical period. The dates define the first Argentinean postage stamp that appeared and the first commemorative one.
By the mid 1850s, the postal services were not unified as postage stamps were issued by the separate provinces, such as Cordoba, Buenos Aires and Corrientes.
Interstingly, the Corrientes stamp of 1856 was designed and engraved by Matias Pipet, a baker’s delivery boy, who served as an apprentice to a French engraver before arriving at the province. With no one having such experience, Matias was asked to prepare a stamp and he copied the design of the famous French Ceres stamps.
The first stamp of Argentina appeared in 1858 and depicted the seal of the Confederation. Four years later, the designs on the postage stamps adopted the seal of the Argentine Republic.
Until the first commemorative stamp of 1892, the postage stamps used portraits of men (such as Bernardino Rivadavia) and other elements linked to the period of Independence.
These might have been influenced by the period of stability following the fall of the dictator Juan Manuel de Rosas in 1852.
Interestingly, by the late 19th century, the remote mining camps of Tierra del Fuego prepared their own postage stamps designed by the Rumanian mining engineer Julius Popper.
These covered the costs of mail to the closest postal agencies of Argentina and Chile in Sandy Point (Punta Arenas). However, the postal authorities did not recognise these stamps and requested official postage issues to be added for proper postal processing.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 38.121803
Retrieved Text: Streamline the way your business sends with our range of solutions.
Manage your deliveries, access services and keep track of expenditure with a Business Credit Account.
You can charge postage meter resets, prepaid postage, courier service, data and marketing solutions and more.
Postage meters are a convenient way to imprint a metered mark on large volumes of mail, quickly.
Simply add credit to your postage meter, imprint the appropriate metered mark, and you’re ready to send.
A postage paid imprint can be printed onto your item to show postage has been paid for. Purchase it through your Business Credit Account or over the counter. Please note: items with ‘postage paid Australia’ imprint must be lodged at a post office.
With prepaid satchels and envelopes, you pay a flat rate upfront1 no matter where you’re sending to. No need for stamps, simply drop your parcel into a street posting box.
You can buy stamps in various denominations to cover the postage rate of the mail you're sending.
Self-adhesive stamps are the easiest to use, and you can buy them in bulk from all post offices and business centres.
1 Flat rate postage is only available for use with matching flat rate packaging of the same size and weight specification.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 37.227848
Retrieved Text: [8-1-11] The value of precanceled stamps affixed to each piece in a mailing must be either the exact amount due or the exact monetary value of the USPS precanceled stamp appropriate to the price category of the mailpiece. Unless permitted by other standards or Business Mailer Support authorization, the same monetary value of stamp(s) must be affixed to every piece in the mailing. Refunds for overpayment must meet the standards in 9.0.
d.	USPS precanceled stamps may be used to pay single-piece postage if the piece bearing the stamps has the correct marking (e.g., "First-Class Mail") immediately under the postage.
[8-1-11] A mailer meeting the standards in 3.4 may precancel adhesive stamps, stamped cards, and stamped envelopes with a mailer’s precancel postmark. Mailers authorized under 3.4 may precancel one or more postage stamps provided the total of the postage on the mailpiece equals the exact monetary value of the corresponding USPS precanceled stamp appropriate to the price category of the mailpiece. Stamped cards are precanceled at the time of printing and do not require a mailer’s precancel postmark.
[9-6-11] Product categories include postage meters and PC Postage products. Additional information on product categories and authorized providers is available online at www.usps.com/postagesolutions. The primary characteristics of postage meters and PC Postage products are described below.
[10-3-11] Mailers may use postage evidencing systems to affix or apply indicia on any class of mail except First-Class Package Service commercial plus parcels, Periodicals, and Bound Printed Matter.
[9-6-11] If authorization to use a Postage Evidencing System is denied, the mailer must surrender the systems, upon request,

########
Rank: 11
Score: 36.840603
Retrieved Text: Standard postage and packing for delivery within the UK is by Second Class Royal Mail. We aim to dispatch orders where goods are in stock within 72 hours of receipt. Please note, as we work normal business hours, no dispatches are made on Saturdays or Sundays. Delivery usually takes between one to three working days from the day of dispatch.
SOME PACKAGES MAY REQUIRE A SIGNATURE.
WE ARE UNABLE TO DELIVER TO ANY PO BOXES.
For orders being dispatched to other countries within the EU and the rest of the world, including Australia and the Far East, the postage and packing cost is at the standard Air Mail International rates. As all packages will require a signature, we are unable to deliver to any PO boxes.
If you receive goods which are not what you ordered or which are defective or different to the quantity stated on your order form, the SRUK shop shall, at its own discretion, make good any shortage or non-delivery, replace any damaged or defective goods, or refund to you the amount paid for the goods purchased.
This is on the condition that the goods are returned unworn/unused, and you have notified us by email of the problem within 10 days of receiving your order.
All the goods you buy from us are covered by our "Product Guarantee”. This does not affect your Statutory Rights.
Unless it is our fault, we do require that you pay the return postage of goods to us. If you ask to exchange products, which are the incorrect order size and are unworn/unused we

########
Rank: 12
Score: 35.86814
Retrieved Text: Click-N-Ship® is an online postage service offered by the United States Postal Service® that allows you to create pre-paid shipping labels for certain mail classes-including Priority Mail®, Priority Mail Express®, Priority Mail International®, Priority Mail Express International®, and Global Express Guaranteed®—using your own PC and printer.
Other mail classes and special services such as First Class Mail®, Media Mail, stamps for regular letters, First Class International, Certified Mail™, and Parcel Select Ground® are not currently available using the Click-N-Ship program.
With Click-N-Ship, you can print postage and shipping labels for certain mail classes without a trip to the Post Office. After you’ve printed postage, you can even schedule a USPS® pickup to have your shipment picked up by your letter carrier at the same time your mail is delivered.
To avoid going to the post office altogether, be sure to use Click-N-Ship to schedule a free Carrier Pickup.
If you need to print postage for other mail classes, such as First Class Mail, Media Mail or Parcel Select Ground, Stamps.com offers a complete mailing and shipping solution to manage all your postage needs.
Like Click-N-Ship, Stamps.com allows you to print official, USPS-approved postage (including stamps!) and address labels from the comfort of your own home or office. Stamps.com also gives you 24/7 access to all the USPS services you need, including Carrier Pickup, Certified Mail, USPS Tracking, package insurance and more.
Stamps.com facilitates high-volume shipping by allowing you to batch print pre-paid shipping labels, and its automated forms eliminate the need to fill out Certified Mail, Return Receipt, and International Customs forms

########
Rank: 13
Score: 35.319706
Retrieved Text: Use postage stamps to send your letters, cards and other lightweight papers anywhere in the world. You can calculate how much postage you’ll need and buy stamps online or at your nearest post office.
Know which mail size applies to your item to get the right postage rate. Use weight and dimensions to determine whether your mail is standard or oversize. Also, see tips to prepare large mailings for special occasions.
Track your item, get insurance and confirm its arrival with a signature. International options are available for Registered MailTM.
Each stamp has a story to tell. Commemorative stamps portray the best in Canadian culture, from historical moments to famous figures, in limited editions. View and buy our latest stamps online or at your local post office.
Make your own stamp! Take a photo or use your own design to create a personalized stamp with Canada Post’s Picture PostageTM. Perfect for weddings, anniversaries and other special occasion mailings.
Find out how much postage to use on your items with our quick calculation tool.
Look up any Canadian postal code with part of an address.
Get personal service at a post office near you.
See options on delivery speeds based on your Canadian destination.
Have a parcel to send?
Ship parcels anywhere in Canada or around the world. We have competitive prices and reliable service.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 35.256058
Retrieved Text: The process for collection and release of underpaid mail is that RM send the addressee an official card, see front view and see verso view, advising of the fee to be paid and how to pay. There are three options: (a) payment online; (b) by affixing stamps to the card and posting it back to the delivery office; or (c) payment in person at the delivery office. For postage due postal historians, option (a) is the obvious one to take as it allows retention of the ‘grey card’ for philatelic posterity. Given this state-of-the-art system for handling postage due fees, the process is a neat combination of ancient and modern.
539 pages, 270 full colour illustrations: hard bound with dust jacket, £90 plus p&p.
Published by the BPA Expertising Educational Charity.
Members of PDMSG purchasing the book may claim a reduction of £5 from their 2016 PDMSG subscription. Please say that you are a member when ordering.
Bob Medland has now acquired a copy, thanks to a contact through the website. So as they say, 'It Pays to Advertise' and you are welcome to put your wants here.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 35.19876
Retrieved Text: Cover sent from Kaunas to Memel (Germany), mixed franked with Lithuanian, LTSR and Soviet stamps, German censorship. International letter rate 55 kop, paid 40 kop + 20 cent (18 kop).
Air mail cover sent from Kaunas to Königsberg carried aboard Deruluft (Deutsch-Russische Luftverkehrs A.G.) a joint Soviet-German airline. Boxed “Mit Luftpost befordert Konigsberg (Pr) 1” red cachet.
Lithuania JONISKIS 29.IX.1922 to Bethlehem, PA with 20 cent postage due stamps.
The large sheet of 160 stamps of 3rd Kaunas Issue had 8 panes of different values resulting in 6 horizontal and 4 vertical se-tenant pairs. Mint pairs. Klein certificate.
The large sheet of 160 stamps of 3rd Kaunas Issue had 8 panes of different values resulting in 6 horizontal and 4 vertical se-tenant pairs. Cancel-to-order (CTO) pairs. Klein certificate.
Lithuania KAUNAS 26.V.1924 to Danzig with 5 and 20 Pfg postage due stamps.
Lithuania JONISKIS 26.V.1922 to Bethlehem, PA with 20 cent postage due stamps.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 35.159138
Retrieved Text: RBCS also has facilities in newspapers by mail, such as the New York Weekly Tribune, not qualify for rural delivery may receive mail only through. The Wall Street Journal. Customers in less densely populated Postal Service's monopoly on the hours some as little as two hours per day unless Postal Service's exclusive access to post office boxes. For example, informal independently-run postal routes operated in Boston as early aswith a Boston to New York City and enter the address data. As part of this proposal, in urban areas with enough service with an eye toward. The USPS as of hasactive employeees and operatedvehicles in If a local postal worker can read the address, he or she for a different option. Archived from the original on November 17, The Post Office Department owned and operated the first public telegraph lines in the United States, starting in from Washington to Baltimore, and to the ZIP code on the article.
Each submission should include pertinent on January 30, For more associated with the subject. Postal Service takes photos of November 17, Key facts to. Like a bank chequeall mail, keeps images for. One of the major changes to the colonies ininformation via email, fewer postal support of overUnited accelerate the delivery of letters mail, only airmail M-bags remain. The USPS is the operator historical information and important dates know as USPS rolls out. He was supplied with a of the largest civilian vehicle. FedEx then flies them to individuals, as more Americans send them back to USPS for Surface mail.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 35.090767
Retrieved Text: Maximum length and girth: 130 inches.
For a complete list of prices, see Notice 123–Price List.
Prices are calculated based on weight and zone.
Zones 1 through 4 up to 70 pounds is limited to shipments of mailable hazardous materials, live animals, or other items required by standard to be shipped by ground transportation only.
Zones 5 through 9 up to 70 pounds is available for all mailable items.
USPS Retail Ground is charged per pound or fraction thereof; any fraction of a pound is considered a whole pound.
Oversized price: pieces exceeding 108 inches but not more than 130 inches in combined length and girth are mailable at the oversized price for the zone to which addressed, regardless of weight.
Balloon price: parcels that weigh less than 20 pounds but measuring more than 84 inches (but not exceeding 108 inches) in combined length and girth are charged the 20-pound price for the zone to which addressed.
USPS Retail Ground is mailable matter that is neither mailed or required to be mailed as First-Class Mail nor entered as Periodicals (except as permitted or required by standard).
Generally used for shipping merchandise.
Each piece must include a complete delivery and return address.
Mailing items with no ancillary service endorsement obligates the mailer to pay any applicable forwarding and return postage charges at the single-piece price (507.1.5.4).
Stamps (604.1.0) or Meter (604.4.0). Pieces with postage affixed must bear the correct postage. Precancelled stamps and permit imprint not permitted.
Marking: Pieces must be marked “USPS Retail Ground” in the postage area (155.1.3).
There are no presort, sacking, or labeling standards for USPS Retail

########
Rank: 18
Score: 34.979115
Retrieved Text: Today is the last day to post entries for the Positive Words Short Story and Poetry Competition 2014!
And a prompt for your last minute entry or daily writing . . .
Stamp your feet . . .
It features the First and Second prize winning entries from the Positive Words End-of-Year Short Story & Poetry competition as well as lots of other great stories and poems – Valentine’s tributes, comedy, snapshots of past times, memories, writing prompts and more from writers all over Australia and New Zealand.
If you would like a copy please send $5.50 (unused stamps accepted) to Sandra James, PO Box 798, Heathcote, 3523, Victoria, Australia. Overseas readers please contact me for Paypal and other payment options.
Sample back copies for interested contributors or subscribers are also available. Send $2.40 in unused stamps for one copy or one $6 book of stamps for three recent issues to the above address.
I love these new stamps 🙂 The Mini-Dachshund looks a lot like my Jasper when he was a bit younger (he’s gone a little grey now), and the Cavalier King Charles could easily pass for Clyde, one of my daughter’s dogs 🙂 And, of course, the Pug, Australian Terrier and Miniature Schnauzer are gorgeous, too! I think stamps look so much better than ‘Post Paid’ in the corner.
I’ve collected stamps since I was very young, for fun rather than seriously, although my late brother and I watched like hawks when Mum shared out the latest offerings. Mum would carefully clip stamps from the envelopes and save them until

########
Rank: 19
Score: 34.730278
Retrieved Text: Mailers may use indicia generated by any postage evidencing system (see 604) to prepay reply postage on Priority Mail Express; Priority Mail (when the rate is the same for all zones); on First-Class Mail, and on single-piece Media Mail and Library Mail.
The USPS provides free of charge the FIM (facing identification mark) and appropriate barcode to print on meter reply letter-size mailpieces. The guidelines on page two will help optimize the use of this format.
The postage amount must be sufficient to prepay the full postage due.
Indicia must be printed directly on a mailpiece or or on a label that bears the delivery address of the meter license holder. A label must adhere so that once applied, it cannot be removed in one piece.
Reply mail prepaid with meter stamps is delivered only to the address of the license holder.
The address side must follow the style and content of the example on page two.
Meter stamps used to prepay reply postage must not show the date, except for IBI generated by a PC Postage system (604.4.6.1c).
Mailers may use FIM A on barcoded letter-size First-Class Mail reply mail except when using PC Postage.
When using PC Postage, mailers must use FIM D for prepaid reply mail when the indicium is printed directly on the mailpiece.
Print the words “NO POSTAGE STAMP NECESSARY POSTAGE HAS BEEN PREPAID BY” directly above the address.
Envelopes and cards formatted for meter reply mail on which the mailer failed to imprint a meter stamp are treated as basic BRM. Such mail is delivered after payment of postage and

########
Rank: 20
Score: 34.459225
Retrieved Text: New Stamps Com Phone Number Photos - stamps com customer service phone number phone number of listed phone number of stamps com for the users who are looking for it they can also find the call wait time average wait time hours of operation for . stamps com customer help faq tips the fastest web based support from stamps com if youre looking to get help online we also show the fastest phone numbers email addresses wait times . stamps com track and confirm your us postage delivery track and confirm your us postage delivery stamps com lets you buy and print us postage from your computer , stamps com phone number. 4 ways to make a cell phone case wikihow from stamps com phone number, picture source:wikihow.com ferret card on the app store from stamps com phone number, image source:itunes.apple.com , stamps com phone number. . , New Stamps Com Phone Number Photos.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 34.353493
Retrieved Text: One of the most overlooked expenses, not just within the wedding stationery, but the overall wedding planning budget, is postage! You will be mailing save the dates, wedding invitations (don’t forget the postage for the response card), and likely lots and lots of thank you notes. Stocking up and planning for postage is definitely something you’ll be doing very soon.
DID YOU KNOW POSTAGE RATES INCREASED IN 2017?
How Much Postage Will I Need?
Postage rates will vary and depend on a few factors: weight, size, and thickness.
Other than size, weight, and thickness, other factors may cause a surcharge or $0.21, like rigid or unevenness, perhaps a ribbon tied around the suite, a wax seal located on the outer envelope. The best thing to do before investing in all of the pretty stamps is to take a completed suite to your post office and get a professional postage quote.
You can purchase standard rate, face value postage from your local post office or on USPS.com. Face-value postage means that the postage you pay is the postage represented for that stamp. So if you need a $0.70 stamp, you are paying $0.70 for that stamp, face value, unlike custom and vintage stamps which are not face value.
You’ve probably seen or received a wedding invitation that had a custom postage stamp with a cute wedding monogram with the bride and groom’s initials. These custom stamps do not come at face value. They are typically about 1.5-2 times the cost of a face value stamp. For instance, if you need a $0.70 stamp,

########
Rank: 22
Score: 34.204094
Retrieved Text: Very rare registered express mail letter sent to Klewitz in August of 1979. It carries half of the im-perforated farm animal set. Im-perforated stamps on postally used cover are very rare. The overall postage amounted to 4.02 Dong. Fold arrival cancel on the reverse.
Another very rare registered express mail letter sent to Klewitz in August of 1979. It carries the other half of the im-perforated farm animal set. Im-perforated stamps on postally used cover are very rare. The overall postage amounted to 5.60 Dong. Fold arrival cancel on the reverse.
Rare registered express mail letter sent to Klewitz in December of 1979. It carries half of the perforated farm animal set. The overall postage amounted to 5.08 Dong. Fulda arrival cancel on the reverse. Green Fulda custom cachet on front. Hand made Express Mail letter using a typewriter.
Another rare registered express mail letter sent to Klewitz in December of 1979. It carries the other half of the perforated farm animal set. The overall postage amounted to 4.82 Dong. Fulda arrival cancel on the reverse. Green Fulda custom cachet on front. Hand made Express Mail letter using a typewriter.
Another rare registered express mail letter sent to Klewitz in January of 1980. The letter carries a block of four of the Cuba stamp plus seven ion the farm animal stamps. The overall postage amounted to 4.90 Dong. Frankfurt Airport arrival cancel on the reverse. Green Fulda custom cachet on front. Unusual hand-made version of the express mail label as apparently the printed version had run out.
Registered letter sent from

########
Rank: 23
Score: 34.162777
Retrieved Text: Do you want to be distinctive when you send your mail? Do you want to save time purchasing and affixing stamps? Then the Personalised postage paid envelopes is the solution for you.
As the name implies, these envelopes have a pre-printed stamp on them and are valid for local postage up to 50 grams.
Can be customised both with respect to size as well as with the company logo to enhance the image.
Cost-effective - The envelopes cost a little more than the base postage cost.
So stand out from the crowd and use MaltaPost Personalised postage paid envelopes. Please contact us 25961 720 or email sales@maltapost.com to request for a quote or to place an order.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 33.979935
Retrieved Text: Stamps.com gives you the adeptness to book postage from your PC. It’s aloof like activity to adverse at the column office, but after the curve and abominable service. You can get bulk quotes, acquirement and book postage — all from your board for a account account charge. I begin the account awfully convenient, admitting some air-conditioned third affair affiliation issues in the software and annoying column appointment regulations for the service. The Stamps.com account is able-bodied advised and has acceptable support. If you accelerate mail via U.S. Postal Account frequently, the account they accommodate is invaluable.
There are generally times back e-mail aloof doesn’t cut it. Whether you’re an eBay aficionado that needs to accelerate bales or accession sending a letter to your not-so-techno-savvy grandmother, at some point all of us accept to admission the alarming column office. Once you’re in line, all are appropriately abject and ignored. Until now, your abandoned advantage to abstain the column appointment was to either buy stamps — best acceptable from the column appointment — or get a angle abandoned meter.
If you get a meter, you’re bound on the ambit of bales you can book postage for, and there’s a cogent rental and aliment bulk in accession to addition allotment of accessories you accept to accord with. The Stamps.com account provides addition another by amalgam casework commonly provided by the column appointment into your computer and printer.
Whenever you appetite to mail something, you artlessly blazon in the recipient’s address, baddest the blazon of package, and columnist print. You can book out

########
Rank: 25
Score: 33.918507
Retrieved Text: The Shorter University Post Office provides a wide range of services through the U. S. Postal Service. We sell first-class stamps in books, individual stamps, international postage, and postage for small packages.
The U. S. Postal Service delivers mail to the Shorter Post Office each morning Monday through Friday.
All outgoing mail is taken to the Rome post office at 3:30 pm – Monday through Friday.
You can ship and receive UPS packages through the Shorter Post Office. UPS parcels are delivered to the Shorter Post Office.
The Shorter Post Office receives parcels and next day air from FEDEX. FEDEX delivers air, ground and home delivery to the Shorter Post Office.
Resident students will have a mail box assigned at no cost. Your box number and combination will be issued during Hawk Orientation. If you are a resident student, and fail to receive this information, please come to the service window at the Shorter Post Office for your mail box assignment.
Students may have copies made at the Shorter University Post Office for a small fee.
Questions: Contact the Shorter Post Office at 706 233-7229, email postoffice@shorter.edu.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 33.891266
Retrieved Text: UK Royal Mail Postage Stamps to Soar in Price by 14% During 2011, Stock Up Now!
With other services such as Special Delivery rising by 8%.
People can beat the price hike by stocking up on first and second class stamps that do not show the actual penny prices on the stamps i.e. just 1st or 2nd, so that they can be used after the April price hike.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 33.748226
Retrieved Text: When is a stamp not a stamp? When it’s a TangleSTamp!
It sounds like the beginning of a bad joke, but it’s actually a good question! My current collage work with stamps evolved from years of mail art, largely focused on the production of faux postage (artistamps) so when ‘real’ stamps took over my world, I was far from a philatelic purist. Most stamp collectors will tell you “if it’s not in the catalogue [Scott or Stanley Gibbons], it doesn’t belong in a stamp album”. Personally, though, I’m quite fascinated when I start investigating the background of a stamp only to find it isn’t in fact a genuine postal stamp at all. Is it a fake or a forgery? Honestly, I would be hard-pushed to tell; but no: more often it instead falls into one of the myriad sub-categories of the so-called ‘Cinderella stamp’. Ie, appearances can be deceptive.
Local Post stamps – The closest cousin to the actual postage stamp. As with any other postal service, a local post stamp pays for carriage of correspondence from one point to another, but usually only within an area which is not otherwise covered by a national/official postal service. Most local posts are privately owned, and most commonly exist for carriage either within a remote area (eg a small island), or from that remote area to the location of a national Post Office, where standard fees would then be charged for onward delivery. One of the most famous examples of a functional local post service is that of Lundy Island.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 33.732677
Retrieved Text: The USPS generates 70 billion dollars per year in revenue. Much of that revenue comes from business owners like you who need to ship documents and marketing materials as part of your everyday operations.
While mailing a letter here and a document there might not seem like much in the way of expenditures isolated, over the course of a year, your postage costs could be astounding.
To that end, the average business spends $200 per month on first class mail.
If you’re looking for ways to bring your mailing costs down, chances are you’ve consider metered mail.
For those unfamiliar, metered mail provides business owners with an alternative to putting stamps on their postage. It instead calculates an item’s weight and prints exact postage directly onto it.
Levering metered mail can bring incredible value to your business operations. Below, our team outlines 7 of the biggest benefits you can expect.
The reason why most businesses upgrade to mailing their necessities via metered mail is because of the savings doing so provides.
When you use stamps, you need to estimate how many stamps have to be included on a document or package whenever you mail something. This estimation often results in over stamping your postage and consequently, overpaying.
With metered mail, everything you ship is weighed and you pay a cost that is exactly in line with current USPS rates. You’ll never overpay to send an item again.
For businesses who worry about the costs involved in upgrading to a metered mail system, it’s important to note that the upgrade will eventually pay for itself many

########
Rank: 29
Score: 33.645344
Retrieved Text: The New York Times headlines Grant's Victory At Richmond in this beautifully framed Civil War Coin and Stamp Collection. An official reproduction of The New York Times front page dated April 4, 1865 is showcased along with 5 genuine U.S. coins and 4 U.S. Postage Stamps in a wallet. President Abraham Lincoln toured Richmond on April 4, 1865. Upon landing in Richmond, Lincoln was spotted by black workmen who bowed to him. Lincoln is quoted as saying, "kneel to God only, and thank him for the liberty you will hereafter enjoy." This Civil War tribute contains four 2009 Lincoln Bicentennial Pennies, a 2010 Lincoln Union Shield Penny and 4 commemorative Civil War postage stamps, a 1958 4-cent Lincoln-Douglas Debate Stamp, a 1961 4-cent Fort Sumter Stamp, a 1963 5-cent Battle of Gettysburg and a 25-cent Lincoln Air Mail Stamp. A Certificate of Authenticity is included. Allow 2-3 weeks, no rush delivery or gift box. Item can only be shipped within the Continental US.

================



======= Instance Index 967 =========
Input Text: Read the following conversation and answer the question.

M: Hi, Helen, what do you think of our class in Children's Literature?

W: It looks pretty good. Are you also majoring in Elementary Education?

M: Yes. I can use this to fulfill the requirement for my course.

W: Have you finished the first assignment yet?

M: Not yet. I just bought the books today. How about you?

W: I started this afternoon. It's great fun reading those wonderful children stories by Doctor Seuss.

M: Doctor Seuss? I don't remember seeing his name on the reading list.

W: His full name's Theodore Seuss Geisel. You can find this name on the reading list. Doctor Seuss is his pen name.

M: I love reading those stories as a child. It'll be interesting to read them now from a different point of view. I guess they'll give me a good idea of how children think.

W: Those stories are also great for classroom use.

M: How's that?

W: Well, take a typical Doctor Seuss's book like The Cat in the Hat. It has a controlled vocabulary of only two hundred words.

M: So that means the children get lots of practices using a small number of words over and over again.

W: Exactly. In fact The Cat in the Hat was written mainly to show how a controlled-vocabulary book could also be interesting and fun.

M: Well, it sounds as though this course is also going to be interesting and fun. I think I'll get started on those readings tonight.

Question: Who are Doctor Seuss and Theodore Geisel? 

- They are the same person.

- One is a doctor and the other is a writer.

- Both of them are teachers.

Target Text: They are the same person.

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 47.147446
Retrieved Text: Theodore Seuss Geisel was an American author who, under the pen name Dr. Seuss, wrote and illustrated some of the world’s most iconic children’s books. His sales eventually topped 600 million. Geisel’s first book, “And to Think That I Saw It on Mulberry Street,” came in 1937. “Green Eggs and Ham,” “Horton Hears a Who,” and “The Cat in the Hat” would soon follow. He passed away in 1991 at the age of 87.
UCSD's library was renamed the Geisel Library for the author's generous contributions over the years.
Geisel published both "The Cat in the Hat" and "How the Grinch Stole Christmas."
Not only did Geisel draw posters, he also commanded the Animation Department of the U.S. Army Air Forces.
Geisel, working at an ad agency, produced a 30-page booklet for Standard Oil called "Secrets of the Deep."
Geisel graduated from Dartmouth College.
Perhaps no other American stamped his imprint on children's literature quite like Dr. Seuss did. His books have sold more than 600 million copies and still fly off the shelves to this day. He created some of our favorite children's literary characters including that famous cat.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 44.91576
Retrieved Text: Theodor Seuss "Ted" Geisel; March 2, 1904 – September 24, 1991) was an American author, political cartoonist, poet, animator, book publisher, and artist, best known for authoring more than 60 children's books under the pen name Doctor Seuss. His work includes several of the most popular children's books of all time, selling over 600 million copies and being translated into more than 20 languages by the time of his death. Geisel adopted the name "Dr.
Quote by Theodor Seuss Geisel - How the Grinch Stole Christmas!
Then the Grinch thought of something he hadn't before! What if Christmas, he thought, doesn't come from a store. What if Christmas... perhaps... means a little bit more!
I am the Lorax, and I'll yell and I'll shout for the fine things on earth that are on their way out!
Book Quote by Theodor Seuss Geisel from Horton Hears a Who!
Book Quote by Theodor Seuss Geisel from I Can Read With My Eyes Shut!

########
Rank: 2
Score: 42.649292
Retrieved Text: I came across this, about a year ago, and I was shocked at how my thoughts paralleled those of the author of this blog entry, Dustin Curtis.It took me a while to post it because I wasn’t sure that I should but here you go.
Dr. Seuss’s real name was Theodore Geisel. He used the pseudonym “Seuss”–his middle name–because he was waiting until he possessed the talent and experience necessary to write, as he put it, “the next great American novel.” That novel never materialized, but Geisel spent his life writing the most popular and significant children’s books in history. It would be hard to call his career anything but an incredible success. But he was always waiting. He was waiting for himself to become a “serious” writer, which he would never become.
The most destructive thing smart people do is spend their lives waiting. Even people with lofty dreams and aspirations get distracted by the inertia of ordinary events and subconsciously store their goals in the waiting place.
Tomorrow. After my promotion. When I raise money. When the time is right. After I settle things up. When I’m done learning.
These phrases appear to be valid reasons for waiting, but they are usually just excuses used to rationalize an easier choice. Worse still, waiting is so much easier than working towards a goal that it is completely reasonable to economically justify entering the waiting place. And while it may be an easy place, it is a wholly unfulfilling place.
Like Geisel, I’ve spent a lot of my life there. But

########
Rank: 3
Score: 41.179283
Retrieved Text: The classic "Green Eggs and Ham", by Dr. Seuss (Theodore Geisel).
Vintage book with faint wear with bright, like-new pages from cover to cover!
*NOT* a book club edition.
Hardcover. Bottom of spine B-16.
No Dust Jacket. Glazed covers.
NO ISBN listed/Catalog Card Number 60-13493.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 40.47172
Retrieved Text: Long before rap music existed, Theodore Geisel (aka “Dr. Seuss”) was a true master of rhymes. But could his words be used in a rap? Win Nevaluze proves just that, as he recites There’s a Wocket in My Pocket to the tune of Walk It Talk It by Migos f/Drake.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 40.43783
Retrieved Text: ‘Dr. Seuss’s Horse Museum’ will be available Sept. 3rd.
There is no muse like Dr. Seuss.
An unfinished manuscript by the late children's author is the basis for "Dr. Seuss's Horse Museum," coming Sept. 3. Random House Children's Books announced Thursday that illustrator Andrew Joyner completed the text, which has a look "both subtly Seussian and wholly his own." The book features horse artwork by Pablo Picasso and Jackson Pollock among others and will include cameos from such Seuss favorites as the Grinch and the Cat in the Hat.
Dr. Seuss, whose real name was Theodore Geisel, died in 1991. A posthumous release in 2015, "What Pet Should I Get," was a best-seller.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 40.038895
Retrieved Text: A presentation about the famous writer and artist focusing on his life and work outside his famous children's book and including the scandalous story of how Theodore Geisel became Dr. Seuss. This program is free, sponsored by the Friends of the Torrance Library, and no registration is required. For more information, please call the El Retiro Library at 310-375-0922.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 39.040703
Retrieved Text: In February and March of 2017, Mrs. Kreuz and Mrs. Pasquale's 2nd Graders read, enjoyed, and learned about Caldecott, Buckeye, and Dr. Seuss (Theodore Geisel) award winning books. After several discussions about what makes a good book, they decided on the criteria for the Park Eagle Award.
-help students to learn to read.
-encourage them to read more​.
Click here for videos of some of the books.
about award books and authors.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 38.817566
Retrieved Text: Here's something that caught my attention in the news yesterday. A lone gray whale was spotted wandering around in the Mediterranean--the first of its kind to be seen in the Atlantic Ocean in at least two centuries.
Gray whales are known for migrating enormous distances; they travel about 5,000 miles south at the start of every winter. Even so, this guy would have had to set some kind of distance record. The other, even less plausible possibility is that a population of gray whales has been in the Atlantic all along, remaining totally hidden. If you're interested, here's a BBC article where they note that gray whale is "also spelt grey."
The whale in the picture is, of course, not a gray or grey whale. It's a sky-blue, plush Dr. Seuss whale that I named Geisel (after Dr. Seuss's real name, Theodore Geisel). My grandparents, after reading an article I wrote for my magazine called "How to Mail a Whale," mailed it to me. For now, Geisel is living on top of my Webster's Unabridged. But I haven't ruled out the possibility that he's a migratory species.
Why Do Kids Hate Polar Bears?

########
Rank: 9
Score: 38.75095
Retrieved Text: “The more that you read, the more things you will know. The more that you learn, the more places you'll go.” Who doesn’t have a personal story about learning to read with Dr. Seuss?
These are just a few of the early reading selections that Dr. Seuss wrote and illustrated.
In addition, what would we do without the timeless tale of The Lorax and his ability to speak for the trees?
Or The Grinch who reminds us that maybe, just maybe Christmas doesn’t come from a store and that maybe it means little bit more.
Horton makes sure we remember that a person's a person no matter how small in the story of Horton Hears a Who and Star Belly Sneetches warn us of the perils of exclusion.
Lastly, that naughty Cat in the Hat and his Thing One and Thing Two have been making children giggle for over 60 years.
We have yet to find a person (big or small) that doesn’t have a favorite Dr. Seuss story. Theodore Geisel aka Dr. Seuss, can be credited with writing and illustrating over 60 Childrens books during his lifelong career. In addition, he penned books under the name of Theo LeSieg which include In a People House and The Tooth Book. Dr. Seuss is such an important figure in Children’s literature that each year schools across the United States celebrate his birthday on March 2nd.
Please join us in celebrating this beloved Children’s Author by reading a Dr. Seuss or Theo LeSieg book with your child today.
Find out more about Read Across Lake County

########
Rank: 10
Score: 38.500816
Retrieved Text: Read Across America is an annual event that celebrates the birthday of beloved children’s author Theodore Geisel, or as he is more famously known as — Dr. Seuss. Dr. Seuss’ birthday is March 2nd and for the past 21 years it has been celebrated in cooperation with the National Education Association, NEA, with the nation-wide event Read Across America.
Read Across America tries to bring awareness to literacy and helps to promote reading in schools, libraries, and bookstores across the country. Some organizations get really involved and have dress up days, parties, and contests to celebrate the weeklong event. Dr. Seuss’ favorite characters make appearances at many schools. Some students participate in reading contests with fantastic prizes. Many classrooms even decorate specifically for the event.
K12Reader has many different amazing activities and crafts for Dr. Seuss week. So head on over to K12Reader for some fun free printables that will help you celebrate Read Across America in your home or classroom. Happy Birthday Dr. Seuss!!
This entry was posted in Activities and tagged Activities, Books, crafts, dr seuess, dr seuss activities, dr seuss week, k12reader, l;earning, literacy, NEA, read across america, Reading, reading as a family, reading together, the boys store on February 28, 2019 by Lacy.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 37.99477
Retrieved Text: In 1957, with the release of The Cat in the Hat, Dr. Seuss (a.ka. Ted Geisel) started a new era of children’s books. He took a list of 223 easy-to-read words, found the rhyming ones and created a fun and simple blend of pictures and words to encourage children to read.
With the success of The Cat in the Hat, Random House created a new division called Beginner Books and put Ted in charge of it. Children were now smiling and having fun as they were learning to read.
So, is the “Dr.” really a doctor? Technically, yes he is. But, that was not always the case. It was not until 1956 when Dartmouth had officially awarded Ted an honorary doctorate degree. By that time the “Dr.” had 11 published books (Dr. Seuss Book List) & 13 films under his belt.
The name Dr. Seuss came about when Ted was doing a regular cartoon feature about animals called “Boids & Beasties” for the magazine publication Judge. He signed his name Dr. Theophastrus Seuss to sound more professional.
Just what is Dr. Seuss’s real name? Theodor Seuss Geisel is the name he was given at birth. But, if you’re looking for works published by the famed Dr., it might be helpful to also search under the names, Ted Seuss, Theo LeSieg, Theodor Geisel, Rosetta Stone and even “the Cat himself”.
photographer of the Sun Newspaper.
Interestingly enough, Ted also referred to himself as another one his favorite Dr. Seuss characters - the GRINCH. Although Ted didn’t author any books under this name, it

########
Rank: 12
Score: 37.56059
Retrieved Text: NEW YORK (AP) — Audrey Geisel, the widow of children’s author Dr. Seuss and longtime overseer of his literary estate, has died.
Random House Children’s Books announced that she died Wednesday at age 97. She died “peacefully” at her home in La Jolla, California.
Dr. Seuss, whose real name was Theodor Geisel, died in 1991 and two years later Audrey Geisel founded Dr. Seuss Enterprises. Numerous publishing projects followed, along with the Broadway show “Seussical.” She also served as executive producer for some film adaptations of his work, most recently “The Grinch,” which came out last month.
She was a Chicago native whose parents broke up when she was little and who as an adult would be in the middle of two broken marriages. She and Theodor Geisel, who was 17 years older, were both married to others when they began an affair in the 1960s. Theodor Geisel’s first wife, Helen, killed herself and Audrey Geisel sent away the two daughters she had with her first husband after she and the author married in 1968.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 37.239697
Retrieved Text: Grab your hats and get ready to play, because we are celebrating Dr. Seuss Day!
Each year, schools, libraries, and other organizations prepare for this event, as millions of teachers and students will be Reading Across America with their friends, family, and peers on March 2. Started in 1997 by the National Education Association (NEA) as a celebration of one of our favorite children’s author, Theodore Seuss Geisel, better known to the world as Dr. Seuss. What better way to celebrate his birthday than to continue his goal of promoting and motivating reading for all ages than to read some of his books?
Lillian Marrero Library is excited to be participating with Read Across America this year! My experience has always been to involve community organizations to be guest readers and provide many positive relation outcomes. As part of our branch celebration, we are collaborating with the 25th Police District. The officers will read some of the good "Doctor’s" favorite books to be enjoyed by patrons of all ages.
Yes, we have invited the Cat in the Hat and he is happy to join us on this day. We also will play a few games and sing Happy Birthday in honor of this great day! While we won’t have Green Eggs or Ham, there will be a cake as a very sweet treat!
View our Online Calendar for a Read Across America / Dr. Seuss Bday Celebration event at a neighborhood library near you and browse our catalog for Seussical selections from Dr. Seuss!
35th Police District at last year's event

########
Rank: 14
Score: 37.12363
Retrieved Text: There is no one alive... ...who is you-er than you!
Theodore Seuss Geisel gave the world a gift. His silly rhymes, his made up words, his unexpected rhythms have kept children and the grown-ups who read to them entertained since 1937 when he published And to Think That I Saw It On Mulberry Street.
My Aunt Judy gave me The Cat in the Hat for my birthday the year I learned to read. I surprised myself by being able to read the whole thing. She knew I could do it. After all, she was a first grade teacher.
Her thoughtful gift gave me a feeling of accomplishment and a love of reading that grew into a love of sharing with others. It grew from reading to my little brother to reading to my children then reading to young library listeners and my own grandchildren.
Of course, my girls were “Thing One” and “Thing Two” in the most affectionate way. Of course, I renewed The Sneeches from the library so many times that I bought it. Of course, we celebrated Dr. Seuss’s birthday on March 2 at the library every year.
Of course, I cried when I found out Ted Geisel passed away.
Dr. Seuss was a good man. Since he was too old to be drafted, he joined the army and served in the education division during World War II. He fought antisemitism and racism and isolationism with his political cartoons.
He spoke out against prejudice in his children’s books, too. Especially when the Whos from Who-ville remind us “A person’s a person

########
Rank: 15
Score: 36.94169
Retrieved Text: Geisel, Theodor Seuss ; Minear, Richard H.
For decades, readers throughout the world have enjoyed the marvelous stories and illustrations of Theodor Seuss Geisel, better known as Dr. Seuss. But few know the work Geisel did as a political cartoonist during World War II, for the New York daily newspaper PM . In these extraordinarily trenchant cartoons, Geisel presents "a provocative history of wartime politics" ( Entertainment Weekly ). Dr. Seuss Goes to War features handsome, large-format reproductions of more than two hundred of Geisel's cartoons, alongside "insightful" ( Booklist ) commentary by the historian Richard H. Minear that places them in the context of the national climate they reflect. Pulitzer Prize#150;winner Art Spiegelman's introduction places Seuss firmly in the pantheon of the leading political cartoonists of our time.
The hardcover edition of Dr. Seuss Goes to War was published to extraordinary acclaim, selling out four printings and featured in publications from the New York Times and the Los Angeles Times to Entertainment Weekly and Mother Jones. Now, for the first time, the book that the New York Times Book Review hailed as "fascinating" is available in paperback.
ils:192976|Book|Books||English|New Press|2001|272 p. chiefly ill.
Dr. Seuss goes to war the World War II editorial cartoons of Theodor Seuss Geisel Geisel, Theodor Seuss ; Minear, Richard H.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 36.21948
Retrieved Text: Audrey Geisel, a devoted philanthropist, business leader and wife of the late Theodor “Dr. Seuss” Geisel, died on Dec. 19, 2018. She was 97.
Geisel served as president of Dr. Seuss Enterprises and the Dr. Seuss Foundation following the death of her husband. She had a longstanding relationship with UC San Diego, donating Theodor Geisel’s personal papers to the university library, including more than 12,000 items — original drawings, manuscripts, sketches, books and other memorabilia — documenting the many creative contributions of Dr. Seuss. In 1995, the university’s central library was renamed the Geisel Library building to honor Theodor and Audrey Geisel, in recognition of a $20 million gift from Audrey.
Geisel made a lasting impact on nearly every area of the campus — from the UC San Diego Library, Scripps Institution of Oceanography and Health Sciences, to scholarship and fellowship support, The Preuss School UC San Diego, and renovations of the Faculty Club. To honor her support, Geisel was awarded the prestigious Chancellor’s Medal as part of the university’s 50th Anniversary celebration; she was also recognized as the honoree of the Heart of San Diego Gala for her support of the UC San Diego Sulpizio Cardiovascular Center.
In 2013, Geisel donated $2 million for the renovation of University House, the private residence for the UC San Diego Chancellor. The historic structure and venue now used for campus celebrations and fundraising events was formally renamed the “Audrey Geisel University House” in her honor.
With a passion for literacy, books and the UC San Diego Library, Mrs. Geisel donated $1 million

########
Rank: 17
Score: 36.215828
Retrieved Text: This landscape and urban streetscape Master Plan provides a setting within Springfield’s historic district for five major bronze sculptures commemorating Theodore Geisel, better known as Dr. Seuss. Granite pavement frames the Quadrangle and unifies the diverse architectural styles, while the simple and textural planting concept strikes a complimentary balance between sculpture, landscape and architecture. The whimsy and irreverence of the famous author is expressed in the Children’s Garden where Yertle the Turtle sits in a biomorphic granite ‘pond’ surrounded by woodland-wetland plantings. Eastern white pines, reminiscent of Dr. Seuss’s ‘truffala’ trees, provide context for the garden. Boulders collected from a local quarry provide ample seating for groups of school children. This project was in partnership with Springfield Library and Museums.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 36.17471
Retrieved Text: Every who down in Who-ville likes Christmas a lot, but the Grinch who lived just north of Who-ville did NOT!. How the Grinch Stole Christmas - Clip Warner Bros. A Mickey Mouse Cartoon. Great memorable quotes and script exchanges from the How the Grinch Stole Christmas! movie on Quotes. net How the Grinch Stole Christmas! is a children's story by Theodor" Dr. Seuss" Geisel written in. The book was adapted as a Christmas special twice, a 1966 animated TV film starring Boris Karloff as both the narrator and.
" Between the Lines". How the Grinch Stole Christmas! is a children's story by Theodor" Dr. Seuss" Geisel written in rhymed verse with illustrations by the author. It follows the Grinch, a. Since then How the Grinch Stole Christmas has become an annual Christmas special on a variety of networks.
The cartoon is based on the original book by Dr. Seuss. Theodore Geisel (more famously known as Dr. Seuss) and animator Chuck Jones brought the timeless book How the Grinch Stole Christmas to television. The special features the voices of Boris Karloff as the Grinch and the narrator, and June Foray as Cindy Lou Who. How the Grinch Stole Christmas!. A later cartoon, The Grinch Grinches the Cat in the Hat (alternately titled The Cat in the Hat Gets Grinched), aired on ABC in 1982.
Great memorable quotes and script exchanges from the How the Grinch Stole Christmas! movie on Quotes. net 5 quotes from How the Grinch Stole Christmas! : ‘Then the Grinch thought of something he hadn't before! What

########
Rank: 19
Score: 36.134735
Retrieved Text: The National Education Association (NEA) is taking flight with Southwest Airlines for this year’s annual Read Across America (RAA) program. Southwest Airlines is the official airline of NEA’s Read Across America, the annual celebration of reading that honors the March 2nd birthday of Theodor Seuss Geisel, known as Dr. Seuss. This year marks the 19th national Read Across America celebration in partnership with Dr. Seuss Enterprises and includes a six-city reading tour. The program engages an estimated 45 million educators, parents, and students nationwide with school and community celebrations coast to coast.
NEA members and schools across the nation host school and community events on March 2nd designed to pay homage to the beloved children’s book author and get young people excited about reading. This year the NEA will be making a stop in Dr. Seuss’ hometown of San Diego on his birthday. Because this year’s feature book is Dr. Seuss’ recently released What Pet Should I Get?, NEA is teaming up with the San Diego Humane Society to host a purrfect reading celebration for local school children. The party will feature activity stations highlighting pet adoption and the importance of pet responsibility, entertainment, and an appearance by the Cat in the Hat and his friends, Thing 1 and Thing 2.
"Southwest Airlines is proud to be the official airline of the NEA's 19th Annual Read Across America Day," said Southwest Airlines' Manager of Community Affairs & Grassroots, Lidia S. Martinez. "We believe in connecting people to what's important in their lives, and through our community partnership with

########
Rank: 20
Score: 35.953163
Retrieved Text: ALA > ALSC > Awards, Grants & Scholarships > Book & Media Awards > Welcome to the (Theodor Seuss) Geisel Award home page!
Welcome to the (Theodor Seuss) Geisel Award home page!
The members of the 2019 Theodor Seuss Geisel Award Committee are Chair Sarah Stippich, The Miquon School, Conshohocken, Pa.; Ellysa Stern Cahoy, Pennsylvania State University Libraries, University Park, Pa.; Angela Frederick, Williamson County Schools, Nolensville, Tenn.; Diana Garcia, Monterey Park (Calif.) Bruggemeyer Library; Alex Matheson, Vancouver Public Library, Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada; Cathryn Mercier, Center for the Study of Children's Literature at Simmons University, Boston; and Toby D. Rajput, National Louis University, Skokie, Ill.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 35.489716
Retrieved Text: "A person's a person, no matter how small," Theodor Seuss Geisel, a.k.a. Dr. Seuss, would say. Winner of the Pulitzer Prize in 1984, an Academy Award, three Emmy Awards, three Grammy Awards, and three Caldecott Honors, Geisel wrote and illustrated 44 books. While Theodor Geisel died on September 24, 1991, Dr. Seuss lives on, inspiring generations of children of all ages to explore the joys of reading.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 35.346676
Retrieved Text: Laurel Snyder is the author of many books for young readers. Her most recent titles are Charlie and Mouse, which was awarded the Theodore Seuss Geisel Medal in 2018, and Orphan Island, which was long-listed for the National Book Award. Other titles have been recognized with an Orbis Pictus Honor, an E.B. White Honor, and the Sydney Taylor Award. In addition to writing for children, Laurel is a poet, essayist, and book reviewer. Her work has appeared in The New York Times, Boston Globe, CNN online, The Iowa Review, Painted Bride Quarterly, Post Road, American Letters and Commentary, and she has been a regular commentator on NPR's All Things Considered. Laurel currently teaches in the MFAC (Writing for Children and Young Adults) program at Hamline University, and lives with her family in Atlanta. A graduate of The University of Iowa Writers’ Workshop (and the Hamburg Inn #2), she's very excited to return to Iowa City.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 35.293137
Retrieved Text: And in July we will all get a look!
Okay, so I am not as a prolific a rhymer as the beloved Dr. Seuss. His parables are legendary and a cherished memory from everyone’s childhood.
And this book will be a sell-out, we bet!
I’ll pause with the corny prose now and share this spectacular, earth-shattering news.
Even though the much loved Theodor Seuss Geisel, aka Dr. Seuss, passed away over 20 years ago, his fans were flabbergasted when an unpublished manuscript of his work was recently unearthed.
Dr. Seuss has more to say!
There are fresh and innovative new verses soon to be distributed!
Geisel's widow, Audrey, located the manuscript and more importantly, the illustrations in their Southern California home soon after her husband died. She carefully and painstakingly set the materials aside, only to forget about them until 2013 while cleaning out his cluttered office.
This previously unpublished story captures the excitement of the classic childhood moment of choosing a pet. Appropriately titled “What Pet Should I Get?” was most likely penned by the good doctor between 1958 – 1962. Astonishing. Simply astonishing.
The cover design drawn by Geisel himself is the typical whimsical Seuss graphics. It captures a young boy surrounded by an irregularly proportioned group of pets (cat, bird, fish and dog) all seemingly encompassing human attributes. Just this small bit of artwork makes every person who views it grin ear to ear.
But there is a drop of sadness with this discovery. Wouldn’t it have been sweet if Dr. Seuss could have been alive to see his beloved animal friends come

########
Rank: 24
Score: 34.901974
Retrieved Text: While Dr. Seuss Day occurred on March 2, there was reason to celebrate the famed writer in February with the announcement of a new book.
Theodor “Ted” Geisel wrote for 60 years under then pen name Dr. Seuss, releasing such books as “Green Eggs and Ham,” “The Cat in the Hat” and “Oh, the Places You’ll Go” throughout his career up until his death in 1991.
The newest book in the lineup is “What Pet Should I Get?” Cathy Goldsmith of publishing company Random House believed Seuss wrote and illustrated the story between 1958 and 1962, and the publisher has slated a July release for the book.
The story features the brother and sister from “One Fish Two Fish Red Fish Blue Fish” trying to answer the titular question. They visit a pet store and suffer indecision as to what pet to make the newest member of their family.
According to Seussville, the online home of the author’s works, this book, like many of his other works, comes with a moral.
This release comes approximately two years after Seuss’ wife Audrey Geisel and longtime secretary and friend Claudia Prescott discovered the full manuscript and illustrations in a box while cleaning out Seuss’ home office space.
To Geisel, the finding follows along with the way Seuss worked up until his passing.
One person who was surprised was Susan Brandt, president of licensing and marketing of Dr. Seuss Enterprises.
Seuss scholar Charles Cohen felt that publishing these stories in a compilation would provide new stories for familiar characters in the Seuss universe, many of which fell

########
Rank: 25
Score: 34.856865
Retrieved Text: UCSD Library glows at sunset (Geisel Library, UCSD Central Library). Geisel Library Photo.
UCSD Library glows at sunset (Geisel Library, UCSD Central Library). Geisel Library Picture.
UCSD Library glows at sunset (Geisel Library, UCSD Central Library). Stock Photography of Geisel Library.
UCSD Library glows at sunset (Geisel Library, UCSD Central Library). Photograph of Geisel Library.
UCSD Library glows with light in this night time exposure (Geisel Library, UCSD Central Library). Geisel Library Photos.
University of California San Diego, with Geisel Library (UCSD Main library) seen amid a grove of eucalyptus trees, with the Pacific Ocean in the distance. Geisel Library Image.
UCSD Library glows at sunset (Geisel Library, UCSD Central Library). Professional stock photos of Geisel Library.
UCSD Library glows with light in this night time exposure (Geisel Library, UCSD Central Library). Pictures of Geisel Library.
UCSD Library glows with light in this night time exposure (Geisel Library, UCSD Central Library). Geisel Library Photo.
UCSD Library glows with light in this night time exposure (Geisel Library, UCSD Central Library). Geisel Library Picture.
UCSD Library glows with light in this night time exposure (Geisel Library, UCSD Central Library). Stock Photography of Geisel Library.
UCSD Library glows with light in this night time exposure (Geisel Library, UCSD Central Library). Photograph of Geisel Library.
UCSD Library glows with light in this night time exposure (Geisel Library, UCSD Central Library). Geisel Library Image.
UCSD Library glows with light in this night time exposure (Geisel Library, UCSD Central Library). Professional stock photos of Geisel Library.
UCSD Library glows at sunset (Geisel Library, UCSD Central Library). Geisel Library Photos.
UCSD Library (Geisel Library, UCSD Central Library). Geisel

########
Rank: 26
Score: 34.74989
Retrieved Text: An author study idea the kids will surely enjoy! It's a craft, listening and writing activity all in one!
Wikipedia information about the author, his work and political views.
Background information about the author from Random House.
Located in Springfield, Ma - this memorial displays numerous bronze characters from the books of Dr. Seuss. An "All About the Author" page is included.
"Wise and witty prescriptions for living from the good doctor."
A catalog of politcal cartoons by Dr. Seuss. This collection is part of the Mandeville Special Collections Library located at the University of California, San Diego.
Before finding fame as a children's author, Theodor Geisel displayed his cartoon artwork in magazines. This site displays some of his artwork and the advertisers he did work for including GE, NBC, and Ford. To view all his artwork, click on the logos at the top of the page at the ucsd.edu website.
Visit the office of Dr. Seuss. Mouse over objects in his office to learn about him. Information includes a timeline, biography, books about Dr. Seuss, a sketch gallery, note from Audrey, Photo Gallery, Read Across America, videos and Art Gallery.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 34.5667
Retrieved Text: Just when you thought you'd seen all there is to see by legendary children's book writer and illustrator Dr Seuss, another never-before-seen picture book hits the shelves.
The story and illustrations for What Pet Should I Get? were put together by Dr Seuss in the 1950s, yet the story remained undiscovered until 2013, after a clear out of his office space.
The book remains true to Seuss' style; zany characters introduced by way of rhyming poems, which make up a story to inspire children's minds.
What Pet Should I Get? follows the tale of two siblings, as they go in search of the ideal family companion at the pet store (a common practice some 50 years ago). With so many animals to choose, which pet will they pick to take home?
In Seuss' latest publication, he addresses how sometimes it is hard to make up your mind, particularly when you have a short space of time.
Once you reach the end of What Pet Should I Get?, you are left to wonder whether the choice is of the feathery kind, fur or scales. Let your kid's imagination do the rest.
Theodor Seuss Geisel, better known as Dr Seuss, you will know from top-selling titles The Cat in the Hat and Green Eggs and Ham. The best-selling author published his very first children's book in 1937, and went on to sell over 650 million books around the world. Theodor Seuss Geisel lived to the age of 87, leaving a legacy of incredible tales to inspire generations.
What Pet Should I Get? pays homage to

########
Rank: 28
Score: 34.457283
Retrieved Text: Green Eggs and Ham by Dr.Seuss and a great selection of related books, art and collectibles available now at AbeBooks.com. ernesto luna gomez hernandez pdf Back in 1957, Theodor Geisel responded to an article in Life magazine that lamented the use of boring reading primers in schools. Using the pseudonym of Dr. Seuss (Seuss was Geisels middle name) and only 223 words, Geisel created a replacement for those dull primers: The Cat in the Hat.
Back in 1957, Theodor Geisel responded to an article in Life magazine that lamented the use of boring reading primers in schools. Using the pseudonym of Dr. Seuss (Seuss was Geisels middle name) and only 223 words, Geisel created a replacement for those dull primers: The Cat in the Hat.
You searched for: green eggs and ham. Good news! Etsy has thousands of handcrafted and vintage products that perfectly fit what you�re searching for. Discover all the extraordinary items our community of craftspeople have to offer and find the perfect gift for your loved one (or yourself!) today.
With copying technology, today, all memory yawningly agree themselves block without shopping any enterprise droping the army. The accounting greases even send broader possibilities and specific paths during groan of hers fowl.
Green Eggs and Ham Word Search. What others are saying "Green Eggs and Ham is one of Dr Seuss's most enjoyable and amusing books, with a clear message to unadventurous children and adults alike. one offering the experience of a meal of Green Eggs and Ham and another."

########
Rank: 29
Score: 34.439938
Retrieved Text: Surely you have heard of the Dr. Seuss classic How The Grinch Stole Christmas, but did you know that the Wahoos in Charlottesville served as inspiration for the Whos in Whoville? Like Lighting of the Lawn, this legend is a UVA tradition – a story that students and alumni love to tell.
According to legend, after applying and being rejected to UVA three times, Dr. Theodore Geisel, better known as Dr. Seuss, moved to Charlottesville. He resided in the well-known Lewis Mountain House, located on a hill overlooking Charlottesville. He chose this location so he could “look down” on the school that denied him multiple times. This house, which overlooks the Hoos’ day to day life, could have easily served as inspiration for the Grinch’s home on Mount Crumpit, the mountain north of the town of Whoville. While Dr. Seuss spells W-H-O-S in W-H-O-VILLE differently than the H-O-O-S in H-O-O-VILLE + Charlottes-VILLE, there are enough similarities for both Wahoo and Dr. Seuss fans to connect this story with Charlottesville.
The Lewis Mountain House – often compared to Monticello – can be seen from most places in the City of Charlottesville due to its location. Next time you’re on Grounds, look up and wave hello to the house where the Grinch once lived!
Despite this Christmas legend being just a legend, many Wahoos like to tell the story that connect them to the people of Whoville – the town that inspired the Grinch’s heart to grow three sizes while helping him understand the true meaning of Christmas.
For many, thinking about

================



======= Instance Index 578 =========
Input Text: Read the following conversation and answer the question.

W: Good evening and welcome to this week's Business World, the program for and about business people. Tonight, we have Mr. Steven Kayne, who has just taken over and established bicycle shop. Tell us, Mr. Kayne, what made you want to run yourown store?

M: Well, I always loved racing bikes and fixing them. When I was working full-time as a salesman for a big company, I seldom had time to enjoy my hobby. I knew then that as soon as I had enough money to get my own business going, I'll do it. I had my heart set on it and I didn't let anything stand in my way. When I went down to the bank and got a business loan, I knew I'd love being myown boss. Now my time is my own. I open the store when I want and leave when I want.

W: You mean you don't keep regular hours?

M: Well, the sign on my store says the hours are ten to six, but if business isslower than usual, I can just lock up and take off early.

W: Have you hired any employees to work with you yet?

M: Yeah, a couple of friends of mine who love biking as much as I do. They help me out a few days a week. It's great because we play cards or just sit around and talk when there are no customers.

W: Thank you, Mr. Kayne. We wish you success in your new business.

Question: What did Mr. Kayne do before he took over the bicycle shop? 

- He repaired bicycles.

- He served as aconsultant.

- He worked as a salesman.

Target Text: He worked as a salesman.

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 45.01305
Retrieved Text: put in hand-woven baskets, just to name a few.
package is, the better the quality will be, thus encouraging excessive packaging.
precious resources as well as extra workforce on garbage disposal.
doesn’t equal to high quality.
mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 2 with a single line through the centre.
another into the family room and a third to the outside.
W: Hey, if you can’t enjoy the music at a sensible volume, why not use earphones?
I’m preparing for the speech contest.
photographs. Then you must complete this form and pay a fee.
the usual price and it’s very tasty.
own. I open the store when I want and leave when I want.
W: You mean you don’t keep regular hours?
than usual, I can just lock up and take off early.
W: Have you hired any employees to work with you yet?
when there are no customers.
W: Thank you, Mr. Kayne. We wish you success in your new business.
Question 19-22 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
19.What is the woman doing?
20.What did Mr. Kayne do before he took over the bicycle shop?
21.Why did the man take over a bicycle shop?
22.What do we learn about the people working in the shop?
still a little. But it’s no longer what it once was in the region. So, is that clear?
geographical problems in the region.
may be that some smaller towns inland remain not very well connected, is that OK?
factory, we’ll see this in more detail, so we’ll come back to this question, OK?
of training and education. In general, it’s very good and improving.
Question 23-25 are based on the conversation

########
Rank: 1
Score: 35.027065
Retrieved Text: Sue is travelling through New Zealand with her lovely friend Eve.
We had a long lunch together, chatted away just like old acquaintances, then a wander around the garden & a browse in my Cottage.
It had seemed like a verrrry long time ago since Sue first emailed me to say they were coming to New Zealand & arrange to visit.
She bought me some beautiful treasures ...... a gorgeous bundle of lace doilies, a heavy crystal sugar bowl & dainty salt pot.
I am thinking the sugar bowl will look rather lovely filled with a handful of my rose petal potpourri.
Thank you SO much Sue & Eve for your visit .... after corresponding via our blogs for a long time, it was wonderful to finally get to meet in person.
A customer came out to buy a wheat bag from me & I had Not One Single One left in the Cottage !
So I hauled out my large bag of wheat & made some up using a few of my Cath Kidston remnants - the customer wanted one as a gift for her brother so the Ford Vintage Car fabric was perfect.
This pink spotty set was sitting around waiting to be embellished . . .
so I appliqued a set of angels onto the teatowel, oven mitt & potholder . . .
. . . & packaged them in cellophane ready for sale.
I find February/March are always considerably quiet times in my little Cottage as school returns & bills from Christmas arrive, so this is always a good time to restock the

########
Rank: 2
Score: 29.874456
Retrieved Text: and 40A Camden Road, Tunbridge Wells, 34 Ely Place London and 152-153 Fleet Street London for £7.5 million.
Kayne Properties UK Ltd is owned by Kayne Properties Limited It is one of the companies used by Mr. Fenelon for his investments in the UK – 32 – 36 Sandgate Road Folkestone – among others and it had links with the Panamanian law firm Mossack Fonseca whose files were leaked in 2016.
Those files show the company Kayne Properties Limited in the Bahamas associated with Mr Fenelon. Kayne Properties Ltd was in turn owned by a trust established in Jersey in 2003 and which appears later to have moved to Mauritius.
Mr Fenelon, then with an address on Sorrento Road, Killiney, Co Dublin, was the owner of Kayne Properties Ltd, when ownership of the company was transfered to the PF Trust, in August 2003, according to the files.
The PF Trust was established in 2003 by Beresford Trustees Ltd, of Jersey . Adminstration was subsequently moved to a trust service in Mauritius, in 2007. The property settled on the trust was Kayne Properties Ltd, a Bahamas based company and the beneficiaries of the trust were Mr Paul David Fenelon and his family.
So 32- 36 Sandagte Road, (pictured) the properties, NOT the companies which occupy them are owned in the Bahamas, that well know secrecy jurisdiction by the sea.
There are legitimate uses for offshore companies and trusts. We do not intend to suggest or imply that any persons companies or other entities included in this blog post have broken the law or

########
Rank: 3
Score: 29.525093
Retrieved Text: From Weetabix to Cheesecake, a weekly round-up of moves around the globe.
Joe Davis has joined Lucid Energy Group II as general counsel, following Lucid II's recent $1.6 billion recapitalization through strategic investments from Riverstone Holdings LLC and the Merchant Banking Division of The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. Lucid II is expanding its leadership and operating teams to meet growth opportunities, and CEO Mike Latchem says "We are fortunate to have Joe join our team." He adds, "Joe brings a wide range of experience that is of immediate value to Lucid II, and he will play a central role in our long-term strategy. His public company experience and M&A background will be key to Lucid II's continued growth in the Delaware Basin and the midstream marketplace." Before he joined Lucid II, Mr. Davis was general counsel and an adviser to the Kayne Anderson Special Acquisition Corporation. Prior to Kayne Anderson, Mr. Davis served for 10 years as general counsel for the EnLink Midstream companies and their predecessors.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 28.889996
Retrieved Text: Its beyond unbelievable for Kayne West to make himself be more stupid after his pro Trump comments, but he managed to do just that. His insulting, uniformed and jaw dropping comment that slavery was a “choice” because it lasted 400 years, just about had a universal what? response. I am sure Kayne’s great great grandfather who most likely was chained around the neck and feet and transported from Africa on a slave ship, to a slave market and a plantation, might want to have a serious sit down with his privelidged offspring.
So you have to question what is going on in the absent mind of Mr. West? How many Trump supporters are there outside of the kool-aid drinking Fox believers?
And how many black people support the racist President? How many people at this point openly say the President is a fair man. Well Mr.West is so far off the path that the question is why does he get any press for his absurd views? He should get a weekend in Harlem at a community meeting to tell the neighborhood why their relatives chose chains, and why they should vote for Trump. Maybe Mr. West is suicidal, because that is what he just did to his popularity and dvd sales. All West has to do is come out pro NRA and he has the self destruct trifecta. What a knucklehead.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 28.680086
Retrieved Text: 1. Brake & Clutch Supply Inc.
Their word is golden true- honesty.
The only place I trust with my car, i recommend GP Auto to all of my friends and they have all been pleased.
I cannot say enough great things about these guys! They did a great job & gave me a great deal too!!!
Automotive Diagnostic Center, Marysville, WA: I had done business with Mr. Wilbur over a year and ½ (September 2014-May 2016). In that time, I put over $11,000 into his business, including an engine rebuild. I would say I got about 55% good and 45% bad for my money. He has problems with some of his parts (distributor, alternator), and some of his mechanics (leaving parts loose or forgetting to do work, overfilling at oil changes repeatedly, and putting coil wire near engine so as to die on the road). His A/C mechanic mis-diagnosed twice at my cost, though Mr. Wilbur promised air blowing "popsicle sticks." Also, once Mr. Wilbur has determined my bill, he has typically refused to change it, no matter how ridiculous his charges are. He comes across as knowledgeable and friendly, until you realize he overcharges, and there are too many recurrent problems from the work done there. He claims higher prices for the supposed quality. This is not the case at all.Mr. Wilbur refuses to honor one of his warranties. An alternator was installed on 12/2/15 by one of his mechanics. On 12/3/15, a check engine light came on, and it looked like a problem. I called Mr. Wilbur, and

########
Rank: 6
Score: 28.13385
Retrieved Text: Second grade was even better than first. I was no longer a little kid. Second grade just sounded more mature. Mrs. Miller was my choice as a teacher. She often sent me outside because I talked too much in class. She also understood my ability to move around town and often sent me on trips to the high school to pick up and deliver things for her. That would never work today.
Mrs. Miller knew Garvis and that gave me an advantage. I was always looking for an advantage. ChuckYeager, a test pilot for the U.S. Air Force, set a speed record in a rocket plane. My brother owns the record for four mile curve on the south side of town. He earned that record in his ‘49 Ford. I think his hood flew off but he kept her on the road! Glory isn’t gained without difficulty.
Garvis would let me drive his car on the back roads of Ashley county. One of those roads was where the “Dirt Dobber” lived. This man had made his house out of mud, you know, like the insect, a dirt dobber! I recall the first time my cousins showed me his house. I just imagined this person liv- ing inside with a set of wings and six legs. He may have looked like that for all I know because I do not remember ever seeing him. That mud house stood for years. I guess the Dirt Dobber finally died and the house eventually was knocked down. It doesn’t stand today and

########
Rank: 7
Score: 28.11368
Retrieved Text: If the Bike Fits, Ride It!
I like the Q&A format, and I’m hearing that our readers do, too. My preferred method of Q is via email. I sent my questions to local bike shop and third-year-in-a-row Philly Bike Expo exhibitor Cycles BiKyle. Owner Kyle Schmeer, Shop Manager Alex Winoski and Head Mechanic Nolan Bixler joined together to make the replies a team effort. In addition to promoting their shop and their reputation as nationally known bike-fit pioneers, Cycles BiKyle will be sharing their booth space with reps from Bianchi USA, the iconic celeste green Italian brand.
PBE What (if anything) did you do before coming to Cycles BiKyle?
CBK Kyle Schmeer (Owner) opened the shop in 1982. As a racer and race mechanic, he always noticed cyclists on poorly fit bikes. It was not long before he developed his own fit check system which we still use today. Being one of the first master fitters, Kyle has over 11,000 fits under his belt, ranging from professional champions to commuters. Alex Winoski (Shop Manager) started at Cycles BiKyle 11 years ago. He was an avid BMXer as a teenager and Cycles BiKyle was actually his first job. Nolan Bixler (Head Mechanic) refinished furniture for a number of years before getting his first bicycle mechanic job. He’s been at Cycles BiKyle for 3 years.
PBE What (in your opinion) is the best thing about Philadelphia (related to cycling and/or operating a bike shop in the Philly area)?
CBK Philadelphia and its neighboring areas seems to become more and more bicycle friendly with

########
Rank: 8
Score: 27.94185
Retrieved Text: Stephe tried to camouflage himself.
Olson was on that team.
I can't look at Marsha.
I'll make sure Piotr gets there on time.
If I had a dog, I'd call it Elias.
Soohong made these for you.
Do you actually feel sorry for Amarth?
Troy put his clothes on.
Did you see what Aimee did to my bicycle?
I think Krzysztof is unbiased.
Rakhal did the bare minimum.
Ginny and I were both tired.
That's what Gunnar tells me.
Ramsey got it all wrong.
Tell Lorien I'd like to meet with him immediately.
Bobby appears to be losing.
Tai actually took the time to talk to us.
What made you think we could trust Lana?
Ross looked down at his broken leg.
Let's leave before Steve gets here.
Manuel eats mostly fruits and vegetables, and only eats meat about once a week.
Olaf told me that it was possible to rent a bicycle.
Ross just got back home.
Carl has left the door open.
We're just waiting for Toft to do his thing.
Niels wanted me to get things started.
Knapper has taught French for thirty years.
I told Marla to do that.
Juliet can't swim like he used to.
Reid and Tracy have been married for over 30 years.
Omar's parents are very proud of him and all he has achieved.
I just wanted Sri to calm down.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 27.923315
Retrieved Text: Kirkpatrick Macmillan was born on September 2, 1812, in Thornhill, Scotland. His father was Robert Macmillan.
As a child, Kirkpatrick Macmillan was a clever boy, and he wasn’t afraid to get his hands dirty. His father was a blacksmith, and he often spent hours in his shop, learning the trade. He also learned about various other machinery. Although he never went to college, he learned many valuable skills from watching his father work.
In 1834, Kirkpatrick Macmillan left home to work as an assistant blacksmith to Walter Scott. He worked here for only a short amount of time before returning home to continue working as an assistant to his other. Although he was an assistant, he did do some of his own work. He did various ordinary blacksmithing tasks, but he also had a mind of an inventor.
I am said that one day, Kirkpatrick Macmillan saw someone riding a hobbyhorse, which was more or less like a bicycle that did not have wheels. To drive it, a person would need to run their feet along the ground. Macmillan wanted one, but he didn’t want to buy one. Instead, he decided to build his own.
While working on his hobbyhorse, he decided it would be better if there was a way to propel it forward without repeatedly putting his feet on the ground. It was around this time that he got the idea for the bicycle pedal. He began working on this new idea in the late 1830’s. By 1839, Kirkpatrick Macmillan had created a basic model of a bicycle.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 27.750328
Retrieved Text: Mr. Rai owns "Subi Momo & Tea Shop" on the busy Ekantakuna Street of Patan. Together with his son-in-law Ashim, who is featured in the video above, he serves customers sweet chai tea and momos (a traditional Nepali-style dumpling) and other snacks throughout the day.
As bellies are filled, water tanks are emptied, vegetables and other ingredients consumed, and fuel canisters steadily depleted. Ashim and Mr. Rai use their Portal Bicycle to replenish these items with ease and efficiency.
Mr. Rai has owned his tea shop for eight years. It used to take many trips a day to the market and various stores to buy everything necessary for his business.
With the Portal Bicycle, multiple large and heavy items can be carried at once. This saves both time and Mr. Rai's aching back - he used to have to carry everything by hand!
Mr. Rai was the first entrepreneur to partner with Portal and get a cargo bike! In the months since receiving the bicycle, he has paid fixed weekly installments to cover its cost. Within six months of first using the bike, he will have paid off its total cost and will own the Portal Bicycle outright. While the weekly installments are easily manageable for Mr. Rai's income, he would not have enough money to pay for the entire Portal Bicycle at once, upfront.
Once the total cost of the bicycle has been paid, Portal can fund a cargo bike for the next entrepreneur.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 27.407755
Retrieved Text: We had a particularly special neighbour in Earlwood in Sydney’s inner west who took it upon himself to start his powertools at 06:00 every Sunday.
Our current place in North Sydney has two-stroke hedge trimmers going every few weeks at 07:00. It’s not the best way to spend your shower or breakfast.
What about early morning jackhammering for utility works that weren’t deemed sufficiently urgent to do the day before at civilised hours, but is enough to do it before people have woken up, or did a late shift the day before!
In Malaysia, we had pile-drivers going at 07:00 outside our windows each morning for weeks. It sounded as though they were pushing through our skulls.
In Singapore, we had people who’d… wait, we never had a single problem in apartment buildings there for a decade.
I feel stranding those people or their bosses on a remote island with nothing but Kayne [sic] West audio ought to be sufficient to reform their ways.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 27.213589
Retrieved Text: The craft of making traditional wooden signboards will one day die out, says one man who has dedicated his life to it.
"Nowadays, not many appreciate these signboards," says Mr Yong Cheong Thye, 69, a woodcarver and calligrapher who owns the 35-year- old Yong Gallery in Chinatown.
"I'll keep going until I retire. None of my students is interested in taking over as most of them do it more as a hobby than a job."
An exhibition that traces the stories behind these old-fashioned signboards will be held at the Nanyang Academy of Fine Arts (Nafa) from July 28 and Mr Yong will be the guest of honour at its opening.
A Nafa alumnus, he was the only person the team found who still makes handcarved signboards.
It took more than eight months for the team of three Nafa students and their lecturer to put together the exhibition, called Project Signing Out - The Lost Trace.
It comprises 21 photographs and an eight- minute documentary.
Mr Yong's partner at the gallery, Mr Cheh Kai Hon, 65, is a woodcarver who taught him to carve before they opened the shop together.
Mr Yong then combined his calligraphy and carving skills to make signboards. He has been in the trade for more than 30 years.
He says the difference between a handcarved and a machine-made signboard is the depth of the area that is cut.
"A signboard done by a machine is not beautiful. The words cut out are of even depth and thus lack texture and personality."
Handcarved signboards can take three times longer to make than the

########
Rank: 13
Score: 27.084265
Retrieved Text: A film festival that focuses on a two-wheeled mode of transport is coming to Oamaru for the first time this month.
The Big Bike Film Night is part of the Waitaki Arts Festival, which started on Thursday and runs until October 8.
The film night will feature several documentary-style films that look at various styles of cycling and the people involved with them.
The event was started by Taupo enthusiast Brett Cotter after an act of vandalism in his home town in early 2014.
“Here in Taupo, we had a giant bike, which was 3m tall, erected about four years ago. It was fantastic, just breathtaking,” Mr Cotter said.
“Sadly, about three months after being put up, some guys vandalised it. It was really heartbreaking and the local community were pretty devastated, with Taupo being a bit of a biking hot spot.
He ended up raising about $2500 and was soon asked if he planned to hold a similar event the following year.
He ended up doing just that, and has continued to do so every year since.
In the Oamaru lineup there are films looking at variously London’s various bike subcultures, the story of an American bicycle frame builder, one which documents an attempt to cycle up the 1912m Mt Ventoux in France, and two features on BMXwith contrasting stories and styles.
Movie-goers did not have to enjoy cycling to follow the stories, Mr Cotter said.
“To me, the stories that are going to be shown are about real people, real adventures, and it’s relevant. They’re cycling stories, but you don’t have to be a

########
Rank: 14
Score: 26.932602
Retrieved Text: Rabil Properties, LLC was founded in 2005 by Al Rabil for the sole purpose of building value through the acquisition and management of off-campus student housing properties. In 2006 and 2007 Rabil Properties, LLC acquired more than 25 properties, comprising approximately 6,000 beds and more than $200 million in value.
In December 2007, Mr. Rabil co-founded Kayne Anderson Real Estate Partners, a real estate private equity fund focused primarily on the acquisition and management of off-campus student housing properties at public universities. Mr. Rabil is the Managing Partner of Kayne Anderson Real Estate Partners.
Please click here for more information on Kayne Anderson Real Estate Partners.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 26.915516
Retrieved Text: A CHARITY cycle ride to raise money for Children in Need has been ruined by thieves who stole the cyclist's bicycle.
A CHARITY cycle ride to raise money for Children in Need has been ruined by thieves who stole the cyclist&apos;s bicycle.
West End actor Craig Jewitt (pictured) left his house in The Dene, Wembley, last Tuesday at noon for a couple of hours. He returned to find it had been burgled.
The burglars not only took his bicycle but also a friend&apos;s two laptops and jewellery.
Mr Jewitt, an actor and fencing coach, is pleading with the thieves to return his bicycle so he can carry out the ride to Lincolnshire, his home county, next year. Without the £400 machine he cannot train for the 250-mile journey.
Mr Jewitt said: "They broke in through the front door. I&apos;m really shocked.
"But then I found out another house on the same road was broken into the day before.
"The bike is a good bike. Someone must have seen me riding it.
"I was really hoping to do this charity ride in the new year but now I will need a new bike."
The metallic blue aluminium machine has a gold coiled spring in the middle and front and rear suspension. The saddle is black with a silver edge and red stripe.
Mr Jewitt is performing in Legally Blonde at the Savoy Theatre. He said: "It is quite a flashy bike, which is probably why it was taken. It still looks brand new.
laptops and jewellery were stolen. She is absolutely devastated.
"I just hope someone out there will

########
Rank: 16
Score: 26.904856
Retrieved Text: The famous Emanicipation Run of 1896, the drive from London to Brighton, now reenacted each year as one of the key events in British motoring history, was organised by a bicycle designer and bicycle company owner. Harry Lawson was the creator of the ‘Safety’ bicycle, the grand-daddy of today’s rear-driven low-mount bicycle with gears. The Rover Safety, designed by John Kemp Starley some six years later, is usually listed as the first modern bicycle – the rider was lower to the ground than on a highwheeler so was safer – but, in fact, he was beaten to it by Lawson. How did Lawson come to design a bicycle with smaller wheels than the penny farthings of the day? Perhaps his height? He was 5ft. Whatever his motivations, Lawson’s ‘Bicyclette’, above, of 1879 was ahead of its time: it was thought undignified, too complex, and although popular for a time in his home town of Brighton, it failed to sell nationally. Undeterred, Lawson carried on designing bicycles through the 1880s. (The name for his bike later became one of the French words for bicycle).
It was to be held in anticipation of the soon-to-be-law Locomotives on Highways Act 1896, which allowed ‘light locomotives’ – motorcars – to travel at a speed of up to 14mph and to dispense with the need for a fellow to travel in front waving a red flag.
Thirty three motorcars took part in the Run, seen off by a huge crowd, including many cyclists. (Cyclists also followed the horseless carriages to Brighton, including Claude

########
Rank: 17
Score: 26.847315
Retrieved Text: They were busy until late last night, but the Bicycle Outfitters team, family and friends pulled it off. They’re open! I was in the shop around 7:30 pm on Friday night, and there was a lot of work to do, but boy did they accomplish a lot before midnight.
The shop is stocked with every conceivable bicycle, bicycle part, bicycle accessory and food supplement for the rider on the go. There is clothing for mountain bikers and road bikers. They have shoes, helmets, pedals, tubes, tires, bottle cages, bike computers, and just about anything a bicycle enthusiast could want. It’s truly a bicycle candy story that delivers.
Mark Werner, Dave Ballinger and Doug Graham (the store manager) have worked tirelessly to get the new store up and running. I bet these guys never saw themselves on their knees installing a new lament floor, but you do what you have to do when you believe in your product, and they believe. Their dedication to your bicycling experience is total and complete.
Mechanics, Gary and Jacob have a fully supplied bike maintenance department ready to take on your toughest bike issues. It doesn’t matter if it’s a bent wheel, a component change or just a seasonal tune-up, they’ve got you covered. You couldn’t ask for two better bicycle maintenance pros. They tune my bikes, and I wouldn’t hand my toys over to anybody else. You can depend on them for top quality service every time.
Drop by the new Bicycle Outfitters location at 621 B W Jubal Early Drive, or give them

########
Rank: 18
Score: 26.772589
Retrieved Text: Although the media coverage seems determined to attribute Tiger Woods’s decision to decline $3.5 million to play in a Saudi tournament to age factors, more than a few of us have been able to drag our old bones out for pay. Mr. Woods, with the usual reticence that has accompanied his professional golf career, has not given an explanation. However, he should be given some credit for declining. Not many people would turn down that kind of money. In fact, the list of celebrities who have graced thugs, dictators, and human rights violators for cash includes Nicki Minaj, Kayne West, Jennifer Lopez, Beyonce, Mariah Carey, Sting, and Usher. Many were urged to return the money. They did not — that would have the odor of attic atonement come too late anyway. Better to refuse. A tip of the golf cap to Mr. Woods.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 26.567657
Retrieved Text: Martin Kobler, a renowned German Ambassador has been known all over the world and his love for Pakistan and the Pakistani culture is always the most appealing one. However, in the current visit to Rawalpindi this man thought of making his bicycle featured with some colors.
To add the colors of Pakistani culture he took his bicycle to Mr. Haji Pervaiz who completely had an idea of the taste Mr. Kobler possess and the way this bicycle could be lighten up with colors.
Finally, few days after the ambassador tweeted with his newly painted bicycle and the bicycle featured Pakistani truck art. The colors, patterns and the touch of culture on his bicycle gave it a completely new look and touch of attraction which is a proud moment for the entire Pakistani nation.
Next articleEvening dresses for winters that you don’t want to miss out on!

########
Rank: 20
Score: 26.296976
Retrieved Text: stock here -- first I promise below to tie this dead Fin whale into Kayne West--yes it can be done.
We have been talking about the "Slightly Overblown" description of the Death Of The Pacific for many years, predicting it actually. This article from 2015 is 61 pages of hyperlinks to said demise.
ship impact or the like. A team went to study cause of death, but nothing has been released.
Urenda, like the others present, took photos and videos of the carcass.
The residents that live close by aren’t so amused by the carcass. Many are worried that the rotting scent will travel into their homes and stick on their linens and clothing.
Cota used to work for PROFEPA (Procuraduría Federal de Protección al Ambiente), which is the agency in charge of the care and preservation of the environment throughout Mexico.
He said that his contact in PROFEPA and their team of biologists, went to the site on May 21st to do the official investigation of the carcass to determine the cause of death.
here is how--Kayne with this necessarily succinct tweet, but brilliant. Sigmund Freuds newphew ties directly into CIA and propaganda, and the advent of "consumerism" which is a big problem with environmetal over burden.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 26.293303
Retrieved Text: Mr. Donald B. (Don) Kayne serves as Independent Director of Cameco Corporation. Mr. Don Kayne has been the president and CEO of Canfor Corporation since May 2011. He has also been the CEO of Canfor Pulp Products Incorporated since September 2012. He has been a director of both Canfor companies since August 2017. Don has spent his entire career at Canfor, starting out as a regional sales representative in 1979. Prior to being appointed CEO, Don spent 10 years as Canfor’s vice-president of sales and marketing, and is one of the lead architects of the market for British Columbia lumber in China. Don’s work growing markets for Canfor products around the world has provided him with deep connections to markets and customers in every region Canfor serves. Don is a director of the Bi-National Softwood Lumber Council, Forest Products Association of Canada, Council of Forest Industries, Alberta Forest Products Association and the BC Lumber Trade Council. Don is vice chair of the Bi-National Softwood Lumber Council and serves as chair of its programs committee. He is an audit committee member and the former board chair of the Forest Products Association of Canada. He is also chair of the charitable organization Educating Girls of Rural China Foundation, which works to transform the lives of women and communities in rural areas of western China by providing access to education.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 26.165968
Retrieved Text: Tom Girard, manager of Zane’s Cycles in Branford, Conn., credits a good business plan for strong sales, despite the recession.
After a summer of their dreams, bicycle store owners are facing a grim reality this winter.
At Zane's Cycles in Branford, Conn, Bill and Karen Fitzmaurice shop for recreational bikes.
Big increases in business this year led some shop owners to think that they were largely insulated from a slowing economy. But the economy has continued to spiral downward, taking bicycle sales and much else with it.
The question now is whether all the bicyclists who appeared last summer will be back next summer.
“This is not like the rest of the recessions we’ve been through,” said Jay Graves, who owns six Bike Gallery stores in Portland, Ore., the first of which his father started in 1974.
Business skyrocketed last summer along with gasoline prices, Mr. Graves said, especially sales of hybrid bikes that can be used for recreation and transportation. So Mr. Graves ordered plenty of cold weather gear for what he believed would be legions of new bike commuters.
Summer is high season anyway for bicycle store sales; Christmas sales are minuscule comparatively. And double-digit increases in revenue for the stores last summer only underscored the unpredictability of the business.
Industry analysts like Jay Townley, a partner with the Gluskin Townley Group, bicycle industry consultants in Wisconsin, were skeptical even last summer that small bike stores would sustain their surge in the off-season.
They said even then that bicycle store owners and managers who had made the same inventory decision as Mr. Graves

########
Rank: 23
Score: 26.12033
Retrieved Text: A NORTH Wales shopkeeper had seriously considered closing his business after being threatened by a man with a bayonet with a two foot blade.
Victim Sean Ketley of SK Furnishings in Chester Road West, Shotton, was extremely worried for his safety, and that of his family and his staff following the incident.
Mr Ketley was convinced that if he had not been able to shut the shop door in time, he would have been stabbed as the man brandishing the weapon lunged forward, Flintshire magistrates heard.
Norbury of Roden Street, Shotton, who has mental health difficulties following a stroke, was given a two year conditional discharge with £200 compensation and £55 costs.
Chairman Mrs Kathleen Cottle said in the defendant&apos;s condition they had little option but to impose a conditional discharge.
If he did anything else again, then he would risk going to prison. "We cannot make an order that you do not go into the shop which is only four doors away from your home, but we strongly suggest that you do not," she said. "Mr Ketley wants to get on with his life as well."
David Boycott, prosecuting, said Mr Ketley had experienced difficulties with Norbury since he took over the business.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 26.05226
Retrieved Text: Johnny Barlow owns Salt Lake City's most exciting up-and-coming bicycle shop. The location is prime and his hours are typical for someone who'd rather have Mondays cease to exist. Operating as "The Bike Guy," on 1555 South 900 East, Johnny Barlow runs his shop out of his home's garage and backyard. You won't find any cars in that garage of his, just tune-up tools, bike lube and all of the other makings of a fully loaded bicycle shop. Barlow works five days a week alongside his family and apprentice, building bikes and repairing others. His front lawn is often lined with fun-looking vintage bicycles and a sign reading: "15 Dollar Tune-up." On Saturdays, there is usually a line of people spilling out onto the sidewalk, waiting to be the shop's next customer. Talk about supporting local business, The Bike Guy's shop is about as independent as it gets.
The Bike Guy began his love affair with bicycles through mountain bike racing in the late 80s and early 90s. "I got my first mountain bike in 1988 and just fell in love with the sport. It was my great escape." And today mountain bikes are still his passion. He keeps a collection of old mountain bicycles, parts and paraphernalia. The next step for him was a class at The United Bicycle Institute Bike Mechanic School in Oregon. After completing the class, he continued to pursue his passion for bicycles by getting a job the Midvale location of Bingham Cyclery. It only took a few years of working at

########
Rank: 25
Score: 26.004358
Retrieved Text: Egbert-Jan Ruijs from Barchem (the Netherlands) shared the story of how he went bicycling, suddenly blacked out and fell on from his bike, with the Telegraaf (Dutch newspaper). After extensive examination Mr. Ruijs turned out to have a tumor in his brain.
Five years after the indicent, he is still convalescing. He has abandonned his wheelchair, zimmer frame and cane and now solely focusses on bicycling on a tricycle. Because his vestibular area has been damaged, Mr. Ruijs now bikes on a tricycle instead of a bicycle. “I will ride a bicycle!” He selected the Van Raam Easy Rider, a tricycle with a comfortable, lowered seat and low step through that allows for a safe biking experience.
Read the story of Egbert-Jan Ruijs, who has been riding his Easy Rider tricycle after his brain tumor was removed, down below.
66-year-old Egbert-Jan Ruijs from Barchem feels blessed; he’s had an angel on his shoulder ever since he was diagnosed with cancer. He now has a partially artificial skull.
“I really enjoyed riding my bicycle. It is what I did that day, five years ago. Suddenly everything blacked out before my eyes and I fell on the ground, just a few inches away from a moat. I could have easily fallen into the water and drowned. Luckily it didn’t take long before someone found me and before I knew it I was in an ambulance.
Research determined that I had a tumor in my brain, a meningioma. I was immediately informed of the fact that it concerned a slow-growing tumor that can often

########
Rank: 26
Score: 25.956865
Retrieved Text: During the years I worked in the Osaka branch of my Dutch bank, the Nationale Handelsbank, from 1956 to 1961, I used to commute, for a time, by Rabbit motor scooter from my home in Nigawa, Nishinomiya City. Once a Japanese colleague hitched a ride, and on the way to our office in the Semba quarter of Osaka, he pointed to a bicycle store where (he said) half a century earlier the young Konosuke Matsushita had been apprenticed from the age of ten. Konosuke was born in 1894 to a land-owning family in Wakayama Prefecture, but his father got involved in reckless rice speculation, and lost all his property, leaving his family destitute.
The bicycle store wasn’t even the boy’s first place of work. He was only nine when his tearful mother, desperate for some income for the family, took him out of school and sent him off to Osaka to serve as dogsbody in a small shop selling hibachi, the charcoal braziers then used in every household. When that shop went out of business in a matter of months, little Konosuke managed to get hired by the bicycle dealer.
During his years there, Konosuke learned basic metalworking skills. At the Osaka Electric Light Company, which he joined when he was sixteen, he got interested in lighting fixtures. He invented a new socket, and in 1918, at age 23, founded the Matsushita Electric Housewares Manufacturing Works to manufacture and market it. That was the beginning of the company that rose to world prominence and in 2008 was to

########
Rank: 27
Score: 25.876268
Retrieved Text: When a throng of cyclists from all corners of France converged on Saint-Etienne one day last July as they had done for more than forty years, they were paying homage to a man who accomplished great things in a small corner of the world. He was a man who devoted a lifetime to the perfection of the bicycle and the art of riding it, a man who inspired countless others through the strength of his character and the beauty of his writings, a man who even in his old age was capable of prodigious riding feats; in short, a man who might well be called the patron saint of cyclists. That man was Paul de Vivie, better known as Velocio.
Paul de Vivie was born in 1853 in the small village of Perne in southern France. His early years were unremarkable except that he distinguished himself by his love for the classics. If it is the mark of the educated man that he enjoys the exercise of his mind, Paul was exceedingly well educated. He graduated from the Lycée, served an apprenticeship in the silk industry, and started his own business before he was thirty. With a beautiful wife and three handsome children, he seemed headed for a life of ease and elegance.
The change came gradually. In 1881, when he was twenty-eight, he bought his first bicycle. It was an "ordinary" or high wheel, the safety bicycle still being in the future. The ordinary was a monster. With a precarious balance and an immoderate weight, it was

########
Rank: 28
Score: 25.794048
Retrieved Text: Karl Brensike is the co-founder and CEO of Haymaker Minerals & Royalties, LLC. Haymaker has employed sophisticated practices from the software, finance, and upstream E&P industries to acquire mineral and royalty interests in over 35,000 producing wells across 24 states and over 500 counties. Haymaker is dual financed by Kayne Anderson Energy Capital and Kohlberg, Kravis and Roberts.
Mr. Brensike also serves on the board of the IPAA as Chairman of the Membership and Business Development Committee. Mr. Brensike started in the mineral and royalty business in 2004 as a founding member and Senior Managing Director of Cornerstone Acquisition & Management Company, LLC.
Mr. Brensike previously served as a hedge fund analyst and marketer for Cornerstone’s parent company, the Argent Funds Group, where he held FINRA licenses 7, 24, 55, and 63. Prior to working at Argent, Mr. Brensike was the co-founder and CEO of a venture-backed software company, netHESIVE, specializing in artificial intelligence-based search applications. netHESIVE merged with Channel Intelligence, Inc. in 2001 which was later acquired by Google.
Mr. Brensike is a graduate of the University of Southern California, with a B.S. in Business Administration.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 25.75352
Retrieved Text: The original owner of Doyles Fancy Costumes was a Mr Doyle. The story goes that Mr Doyle was a Vaudeville performer, back when Variety Theatre was really popular. He had the most amazing costumes. He had trunks full of beautiful costumes, that accompanied him when he toured. As time went by and Vaudeville entertainment became less popular… radio improved, cinema became the new entertainment and people stopped going to the performances and subsequently it meant the end to the travelling show.
What was to be done with all Mr Doyle’s fabulous costumes… OPEN A FANCY DRESS SHOP, of course! And that’s what he did over 70 years ago.
The very first Doyles Fancy Costumes opened in Canterbury Court, Perth, and had enduring success.
It was passed on to other family members over the years and they had the foresight to move away from the city to the busy shopping Mecca, Osborne Park, and business continued to grow.
Doyles Fancy Costumes stayed in the care of Mr Doyle’s family until it was sold, in 1997 to a brother and sister team, Michael and Michele – and that's us. It wasn’t long before other family members were keen to be involved… Doyles Fancy Costumes expanded when Michael’s son Trent, bought into the business and took over the Wangara store, previously known as Wanneroo Fancy Dress and Formal Hire, in Prindiville Drive, Wangara.
The two Doyles stores, Doyles Fancy Costumes, Osborne Park and Doyles Fancy Costumes, Wangara, decided to operate as individual stores in 2010 when Michele’s partner David bought into the Osborne Park

================



======= Instance Index 3703 =========
Input Text: Read the following conversation and answer the question.

W: let's go playing ping-pong ball.

M: I can't go right now. I have an appointment with my doctor.

Question: Why can't the woman go playing ping-pong ball right now? 

- She must do something else at first.

- She has an important appointment with her doctor.

- She cannot afford the time.

Target Text: She has an important appointment with her doctor.

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 44.85551
Retrieved Text: Can Wang was born in china and has been a professional player since age 11. After 6 years playing in Qingdao professional table tennis team, he came to the United States and assisted Women’s national team preparing for the 2012 London Olympics. He has won world junior team champion in France and Men’s single second place in Europe junior championship in Sweden. Currently rated 2500 in USATT ranking, he is now a professional table tennis coach, helping amateur ping-pong player improve their skills.
When and why did you start playing ping pong?
One day I saw a ping pong paddle in a shopping window and I asked my father to buy it for me. The rest is history.
What has ping pong taught you the most?
Where do you see ping pong going?
What do you love most about ping pong?
Looking at the orange color of the ping pong ball – it’s just a purely beautiful creature.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 43.6628
Retrieved Text: Table tennis, or ping pong to some, is a popular sport that requires playershasbe fast and have excellent reflexes. Table tennis equipment includes a ball, a table, and a paddle. Choosing the right table tennis equipment will depend on your playing level. Are you a beginner, or do you plan to train as a professional? Some salespeople will try to convince you that an expensive table tennis table is required. This is not true if you are just playing for fun. On the other hand, if you do aim to become a professional table tennis player, it would be a good investment to put your money in quality equipment.
One important thing to consider when choosing the paddle is the blade. The most reliable brands are Butterfly, Stiga, and Double Happiness. With so many choices of table tennis accessories out there, sticking with reputable brands will save you a lot of headaches.
Ping-Pong Balls are rated from one to three stars, with the best ping-pong balls having a three-star rating. The better the ball, the more durable it is. Ping-Pong Balls can usually be purchased in packs of 3 or 12. Just like choosing the other table tennis equipment, the rating of the ball you buy depends on your playing level and needs. Are you playing for fun or are you training to compete? When choosing the right table tennis equipment, buy the ping-pong ball that suits your taste and playing level.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 43.38241
Retrieved Text: What Are the Benefits of Playing Ping-Pong Regularly?
It’s a common knowledge that regular physical activity has great benefits for your health. Scientist confirmed that outside of positive effects on heart or lungs, regular exercising is also beneficial to one’s mental health.
For example, being active when young leads to fewer neurodegenerative diseases like Alzheimer’s or Parkinson’s disease when older.
But does playing table tennis regularly have positive effects too?
While ping pong is not as physically exhausting as mountain biking or weight lifting, it has plenty of health benefits!
This must be one of the greatest benefits of table tennis. If you ever saw a competition level match, you would think that the video is in fast-forward mode. It’s incredible how much a human brain can be trained in terms of speed and precision.
The world record for fastest recorded smash is 69.9 miles per hour, but that one is from a smashing competition. An average player in ping pong can accelerate the ball to about 25 miles per hour. At that speed, it will travel the length of the table at just 1/4 of a second. That’s quite fast for a ball with a size of just 40 millimeters.
Now imagine this little ball, flying at you at such speed, you have few tenths of a second to react, and you have to react precisely.
First, your eyes will have to detect the ball and send signals to your brain. Then, your brain has to calculate the velocity and direction of the ball correctly and send impulses to your hands to prepare

########
Rank: 3
Score: 42.20385
Retrieved Text: Paolo Pedrigal hits the ball during a game of table tennis the Ping Pong Club hosted on Thursday, Feb. 7, 2019, at City College in Santa Barbara, Calif. Pedrigal has been playing ping pong for six months now.
Students gathered around a ping pong table to play duel’s at the City College’s first Ping Pong Club meeting 1:30 p.m.Thursday, Feb. 7 on the East Campus Cafeteria balcony.
Yurie Murase hits the ball during a game of table tennis the Ping Pong Club hosted on Thursday, Feb. 7, 2019, at City College in Santa Barbara, Calif.
Sara Saib, president of the club, set up a ping pong table to begin the meeting. The meeting was held outside on a breezy sunny day.
Edgar Cortes and Milo Klein, students at City College students who share an interest for the game, said they wanted to play because it had “been a while” and they saw flyers around campus.
Once the meeting was underway, Saib divided the students into teams, and thanked Becky Saffold, the club advisor and administrative assistant to the dean of student affairs, for having donated the ping pong table.
“I’ve always wanted to get a ping pong club for the college,” Saffold said.
As the students took turns playing, onlookers became curious and gathered around, asking to join in on the fun.
Saib’s aim for the club was to bring out ping pong players of all skill levels.
Some students had never touched a ping pong paddle before the meeting, as was the case for student Shan He. He said because it was her first

########
Rank: 4
Score: 41.739887
Retrieved Text: I didn't really know what I wanted to write about today. I decided I wanted to post a picture of Mr. Moose.
The moose is on the right. With the antlers.
And one of the most long-suffering, mostly due to Mr. Moose.
Mr. Moose and his ping-pong balls rocked. I just found out that the Mr. Moose puppet (as well as the Captain's original jacket) is in the Smithsonian, and it is now my mission in life to go to Washington, D.C. to have my picture taken with him.
Gus Allegretti's hand up his backside.
But I'm not going to write about Mr. Moose today. Instead I'm going to present some of the very interesting things that come up on a Google Image search for "Mr. Moose ping pong balls."
First there's this screenshot from an episode of "Mystery Science Theatre 3000."
This makes sense. There is a lot of Mr. Moose in Crow T. Robot, who also rocks. Also, there was a ping-pong ball homage in this sequence.
Predictably, there were some pictures of real moose...ses...moosii...meese. Whatever.
Looks like he would enjoy a good knock-knock joke.
There were images of other "Captain Kangaroo" characters, such as Dancing Bear, the creepy mute terpsichorean ursinid.
He never blinked. That always bothered me.
So far, so good. But then we come to this utterly gratuitous shot of scantily clad Brazilian beach volleyball players, who I hope are merely celebrating a good spike. What this has to do with Mr. Moose I can't imagine.
They do kind of look like ping-pong balls.
...which, I was glad to discover by reading the source blog

########
Rank: 5
Score: 40.79528
Retrieved Text: alone! sometimes it happens that you are alone, feeling bored and suddenly your mind told you, “why don’t play ping pong!” but nobody there to company you and playing with half ping pong table it’s not so much enjoyable. here you need a best ping pong robot to support you and make your play realistic.
Also, you need us because we bring best ping pong robot reviews that will help you to choose the best ping pong robot.
The Robo-Pong 2050+ is Newgy best advertising. this robot is last product on our lists but doesn't mean it's just a decent ping pong robot, it is extraordinary compared to other robots. The Robo-Pong 2050+ tennis robot includes a general exquisite outline. This joins exhibition, glory, and tastefulness in one part.
The controller is somewhat old school.
The Butterfly Amicus Advance table tennis robot is an extremely awesome robot. that is the reason, it takes place in our best five records. we like lightweight and simple to transport framework. The Amicus Advance is a robot that has practically every component you can discover in any ping pong robot.
The Butterfly Amicus Professional is an extraordinary table tennis robot that will definitely improve you a player. It has the greater part of the capacities that you can think about, all stuffed into a lightweight machine that is anything but difficult to setup and transport.
Hoping to get a ping-pong programmed server and have a moderately low spending plan, you might need to consider running with this green ping-pong ipongTopspin table tennis mentor robot. This empowers

########
Rank: 6
Score: 40.525005
Retrieved Text: ﻿In animation, a bird, a dog, a cat, and a robot slide down a xylophone slide.
Ping is a yellow bird, Pong is a brown dog with blue ears and Matilda is a black cat.
Mister Prickles, a porcupine, waters the flowers in a garden.
The friends float in soap bubbles and musical notes.
They fall on a drum.
The name of the show reads "Ping and friends."
The name of the episode reads "From kickups to samba."
The gang plays soccer in the yard.
Pong does tricks with the ball.
The number 100 appears on Trick-06's screen.
Ping says YEAH, GREAT IDEA!
Matilda sends the ball to Mister Prickle's yard.
The ball lands in the fountain and splashes Mister Prickles.
YOU FOUND OUR BALL! HA HA!
Mister Prickles says YES, I FOUND IT.
Mister Prickles says YES, ME. WHY?
Matilda says WELL, IF YOU SAY SO.
Mister Prickles says I'LL PROVE IT.
Ping says YAY, MR PRICKLES!
Mister Prickles sends the ball away, it bounces on a tree and lands on his quills.
BALL DIDN'T MAKE IT, PONG.
Ping says IT'S OKAY, PONG, DON'T BE SAD.
DON'T YOU HAVE ANOTHER BALL?
IT FOR THEIR GAME TODAY.
YOU UP. LET'S MAKE A CUICA!
Pong says MAKE A WHAT?
GOING TO LOVE IT TOO!
She makes a cuica with the busted ball and says ALL DONE!
OH HA OH OH OH OH!
Ping plays the cuica and Pong plays the tambourine.
THE GAME TO CHEER ON THE SHEEP!
WE DON'T HAVE A BALL.
THIS BACK INTO A BALL NOW.
DO IT WITH A BALL TOO.
WE CAN USE TO MAKE A NEW ONE.
The gang look for stuff around their homes to make a ball.
Pong says LET'S TRY IT OUT!
They play with

########
Rank: 7
Score: 40.026005
Retrieved Text: Table tennis, also popularly called ping-pong, is a table sport where players use paddles (rackets) to hit a lightweight polymer ball over a central net. Played on a hard table surface that provides a uniform bounce to the ball, table tennis is a fast paced game that requires players to react quickly to the services and returns made by their opponents.
Points are score when a player does not return the ball across the net after a single bounce has occurred on their side of the table or if they themselves do not land the ball on the opposite surface. Ping-pong is a worldwide sport that can be played competitively in both two player (singles) or four player (doubles) formats.
Table tennis tables are regulated playing surfaces designed specifically for the game of table tennis (ping-pong). Table tennis tables measure 9’ | 2.74 m long by 5’ | 1.525 m in wide. The playing surface of a ping-pong table must be set at a height of 2.5’ | 76 cm.
Table Tennis | Ping Pong tables require varying minimum clearance spaces around the table to accommodate player movement. Minimum clearances for tables are set at 5’ | 1.53 m from the end, 3’ | .9 m from the sides, and result in overall dimensions of 19’ x 11’ | 5.8 m x 3.4 m (209 ft2 | 19.4 m2).
Table Tennis | Ping Pong Paddles are laminated rubber sponge covered wooden rackets comprised of a blade and a handle. Ping pong paddles have an average blade length of 6.7” |

########
Rank: 8
Score: 39.571117
Retrieved Text: This Smart Pup Plays Ping Pong Better Than Anyone I Know!!
Ok, this dog has got some SERIOUS talent!! I thought maybe I was decent at ping pong, but after watching this video, I am a little embarrassed to say that this dog is way better than me!
He holds the paddle in his mouth and jumps up to accurately hit the ball every time. Sometimes he even jumps all the way onto the ping pong table. The cutest are all of the noises he makes during it. He also wags his tail the entire time. You can tell that he LOVES playing ping pong! He didn’t miss a single ball in this whole video…he’s amazing!

########
Rank: 9
Score: 39.5507
Retrieved Text: All of the thrills, adrenaline and drama of ping pong arrives on the iPhone, courtesy of Skyworks.
I’ve tried many sports — rugby, basketball, hockey, even lacrosse — and discovered that physical exertion is not my bag. I much prefer my Macbook Pro and a bowl of edamame for company any day. As a sport, ping pong is special though: it’s high-speed, it’s intense, it’s got a silly name, and it requires very little movement on my part.
Skyworks Ping Pong aims to capture the energy of the real thing, but requires even less physical exertion. The game features a single-player International tournament mode, polished graphics, online scoring and even single-device multiplayer.
World Cup Ping Pong has been given a dynamic, sporty design with each game playing out on a 3D table. For such a simple game, it’s incredibly polished. Yet, this polish is more akin to a a high-class video poker game than an iPhone app and, as such, the game feels somewhat lacking in character.
This feeling of emptiness, like there’s something missing, could also be attributed in part to the sound, or lack of. The menu and option screens are eerily silent, save for a few chirps on pressing buttons. In-game, there are two cheap ‘n generic dance tunes to choose from — worse still, they get repetitive quickly.
Aside from the gameplay, the classic ping pong sound is one of the most important components of a great ping pong game: that percussive smack of the ball being slapped across the table with a paddle. World Cup Ping

########
Rank: 10
Score: 39.248333
Retrieved Text: Real Table Tennis sets you up against zillions of opponents, both CPU and real live human beings, in a massive ping pong tourney. The tutorial walks you through the basics of how to hit the ball, but, let's face it, folks, ping pong ain't exactly rocket science. Add spin on the ball if you like, just hit it out of your opponent's reach. Rise in the ranks to become the champ. It's brainless sportish fun, like like real table tennis. The 3D graphics are pretty basic but acceptable, and the controls are responsive.
Online Multiplayer, Realistic Physics and Intuitive Controls make this the Best Table Tennis Game for Mobile. Swipe your finger to send the Table Tennis Ball flying in a direction you want, it's easy to learn and challenging to master. Feels like playing Real Table Tennis!
Swipe your finger in a direction you want the Table Tennis Ball to go. Timing your swipe is critical for a fast shot that is hard to return. Starting your swipe too early or late will send a slow shot to your opponent which is easy to return. So start your swipe when the ball is in a perfect position for a fast and precise shot.
A tennis game. From the creator of Bocce 3D, comes Smash Tennis, a fun and easy to learn tennis game suited for all ages, played through on-screen gestures. Graphics and animations can't be simpler, as it reminds of the table tennis games of yore when only the rackets were shown. Fortunately, gameplay is interesting enough

########
Rank: 11
Score: 39.07511
Retrieved Text: My wife and I spent our summer vacation hiking around Northumberland on the Northeast coast of England as part of a vacation package with daily guides. It was like camp for adults, with all kinds of fun activities each evening. Of course, there was a table tennis tournament, and I was crowned Ping Pong Champion of Northumberland! No trophy, just a nice commemorative notebook with a nifty ball point pen. I had forgotten how much fun ping pong can be. When I returned we were talking in a leadership meeting about the lounge in our offices that had become somewhat dormant. Even though it has a pool table and a Wii, there just didn’t seem to be as much energy to come and hang out there.
So I and Millo Aldea, our Art Director, chipped in and bought a table top for the pool table. Now you may think that Ping Pong is a frivolous activity, but we firmly believe that everyone on the team who is playing is actually doing better work by playing just 15 minutes a day. Those of us who haven’t played for a while are getting our strokes back, and ping pong balls are now flying over the net with wicked top spin. In fact, we’re prepared to take on any office in Central Florida. We’re calling it the Central Florida Creative Village Ping Pong Challenge. Bring it on. Call John Lux today to get on our calendar and don’t forget your protective eye gear!

########
Rank: 12
Score: 38.83724
Retrieved Text: Also known as table tennis, the sport of ping pong is originated from the Orient where it has become an incredibly popular one. One of the best ways to have fun and learn how to play the entertaining game of ping pong is to take ping pong lessons.
Ping pong lessons can be a lot of fun, and you can learn how to play properly. Look into local table-tennis clubs and find a coach for ping pong lessons. The instructor will introduce you to the basic rules of playing ping pong, as well as effective tactics to win over your opponent. Part of the ping pong lessons is the strict schedule you’ll have to follow. This will include daily practicing, which makes up for great exercise.
For your easy reference, watch online table-tennis competitions, as well as various training sessions of those who want to share something about successful play in tournaments.
You may find that taking ping pong lessons will become your favorite method of exercise, and you can sign your family up for ping pong lessons as well. If your whole family can learn how to play the game, then you can have fun challenging each other to ping pong matches. Playing a few games of ping pong at home is one of the best bonding activities that you can do as a family.
You get great exercise thanks to the fact that you never stop running, moving, and hitting the ball. By learning how to play the game properly, you can get some good games going with

########
Rank: 13
Score: 38.642853
Retrieved Text: Ping pong balls are a dime a dozen… (Actually, more like six bucks!) Even if you don’t have a table tennis setup, these little hollow plastic balls can be a ton of fun to play with. There are numerous ways to repurpose these bouncy, white balls.
Here, I’ll teach you how you can use ping pong balls to create a cute little sock puppet with big, googly eyes and a string of extra-large Christmas lights that you can hang over your puppet’s stage!
Before we get started, let’s gather the items needed to complete our project. It’s actually quite simple!
Very carefully, equip your power drill with the 1/8” bit and proceed to drill two holes right next to each other (but about 1/8” apart from each other) into the bottom of one ping pong ball. Repeat this process for the second ping pong ball.
Stick your hand inside the old sock as you would if it were already a puppet. With your opposite hand, use your permanent marker to mark where you’d like to attach the eyes to the top of your sock puppet.
Once marked, prepare your sewing needle with the threading of your choice. Beginning from inside of the sock, pass the thread through the first hole you drilled in the ping pong ball and into the second hole you and back down into the sock.
Repeat this process anywhere from five to ten times or until you feel confident enough that your puppet won’t lose any eyes during the second act!
Do the same for the second ping pong

########
Rank: 14
Score: 38.532944
Retrieved Text: How to Move Up a Level.
What does this have to do with table tennis, besides the fact that I'm a table tennis player at a science fiction and fantasy writing workshop? Actually quite a bit. During the workshop I had the first seven chapters of my SF novel "Campaign 2100" critiqued, and soon I will start the final rewrite on it. The novel has lots of table tennis! I blogged about this on June 13, where I even listed the table tennis scenes and changes in the sport, including "Spinsey pinhole sponge." (One of the main characters is a professional table tennis player who, up match point in the semifinals of the national championships, walks off the court to join - and eventually run - a worldwide third-party challenge for president of Earth in the year 2100. He also coaches the son of the presidential contender, and coaches and then does an exhibition for the Chinese leadership with an alien ambassador.) The table tennis scenes have mostly gone over well with readers and critiquers, even though they are not table tennis people.
Since I was out of town for nine days, here's the question that comes up: What does one do to stay in table tennis shape when on vacation or out of town for an extended period for some reason? Assuming you can't arrange TT times at the new location, the answer is to shadow practice. (Here's my article Shadow Practice for Strokes and Footwork.) I brought my weighted racket to the writing workshop. (I bought

########
Rank: 15
Score: 38.490917
Retrieved Text: A wealthy man had a little boy. For some reason, his first words were “Ping Pong Ball”.
So the father gets him the pink ping pong ball and wraps it up. The boy is absolutely delighted. He takes the pink ping pong ball to his room, and the pink ping pong ball is never seen again.
The Son hesitated a moment and his father’s thoughts leaped ahead to a new computer and similar things. However, his son had had a new computer only recently and could have a new one any time he wished.
And so, the next day, the son was given as his birthday presents five pink ping pong balls.
The boy took the pink ping pong balls to his room and the next morning the pink ping pong balls were gone. The father was mildly surprised but decided not to say anything. The pink ping pong balls, however, was never seen again.
And so, the next day, the son was given as his birthday present a ten pack of pink ping pong balls.
The boy took the ten pack of pink ping pong balls to his room and the next morning, not a single ping pong ball remained, merely the empty husk of the ten pack. The father wondered where ten pink ping pong balls might disappear to, but decided not to say anything. The pink ping pong balls, however, were never seen again.
The father was beyond surprise but decided to make sure he had not misheard.
“A carton of pink ping pong balls,” the boy confirmed.
One of these years,

########
Rank: 16
Score: 38.38928
Retrieved Text: If you’ve recently discovered ping pong and already you’re in love and eager to learn more, then our list of the most common mistakes beginners make will help you to progress faster, as a player that can easily dominate any match.
First, we’ll come some ping pong basics that many newbies aren’t aware of, such as the correct way to hold the paddle.
If you’re holding the ping pong paddle too tightly, then the muscles in your wrist will also be too tight. This, in turn, can restrict movement and slow down your reflexes. As a result, you’ll find it much harder to change the angle of the paddle when you’re switching from one serve to another. Basically, you’ll have less control and feeling.
When you’re holding the paddle, use a looser grip, which will allow you to freely move your wrist in order to generate more spin.
If you’re standing too close to the table, you’ll quickly find yourself struggling to return shots that land deep. Try to stand at least a foot away from the table. At this distance if the ball lands deep, you’ll have more space to return it. If the ball is returned short, you’ll still be able to step in and get closer.
When using forehand strokes, does the paddle cross your body and finish at your left shoulder? If this happens, it’s an indication that your stroke is too long. This can make it difficult to recover and serve a tough shot. Try to finish a stroke in front of your body instead. This

########
Rank: 17
Score: 38.29814
Retrieved Text: – Plug in the hair dryer and turn it on.
– Put it on the highest setting and point it straight up.
– Place your ping pong ball above the hair dryer and watch what happens.
Your ping pong ball floats gently above the hair dryer without shifting sideways or flying across the other side of the room. The airflow from the hair dryer pushes the ping pong ball upwards until its upward force equals the force of gravity pushing down on it. When it reaches this point it gently bounces around, floating where the upward and downward forces are equal.
The reason the ping pong ball stays nicely inside the column of air produced by the hair dryer without shifting sideways is due to air pressure. The fast moving air from the hair dryer creates a column of lower air pressure, the surrounding higher air pressure forces the ping pong ball to stay inside this column, making it easy to move the hair dryer around without losing control of the ping pong ball.
See if you can float 2 or even 3 ping pong balls as an extra challenge.
This entry was posted in STEM & Robotics. Bookmark the permalink.
Get login for FREE Online Robotics Course 4 your kids in your email now.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 38.15962
Retrieved Text: Because table tennis is supposed to be fun!
Got something to add? Send it to us!
MENU- click below to find these sections!
Over 1200 pictures of over 700 celebrities playing table tennis!
In a moment of sudden clarity, I realized what this world needed was a web page devoted to pictures of celebrities playing table tennis.
Ninja twins playing with nunchucks, karate kicks, and multible balls (2:11).
Lady playing table tennis in bed, using hands and feet to play herself!
Recording of Captain Jean-Luc Picard (from Star Trek, but in an episode of The Simpsons) saying, "Now let's all get drunk and play ping-pong!"
Rallying with a live grenade (3:34). Warning - gory ending!
Baron Davis of the Cleveland Cavaliers takes up table tennis (humorously) as he promotes the Topspin Charity Ping-Pong Tournament.
Here's two minutes of Adam Bobrow, mostly from movie and TV roles, including three table tennis scenes.
Beer Pong - some of these shots are pretty incredible! There are so many videos of these that I'm just going to give a sampling.
Dogs on the Table. Lots of net jumping!
The table tennis cartoons of Marek Zochowski, published in USA Table Tennis Magazine.
The table tennis cartoons of cartoonjazz.com, published in USA Table Tennis Magazine.
Why dogs don't like combination rackets.
Did table tennis players evolve from apes?
W.C. Fields ... playing ping-pong?
Patrick Gheorghe ... on top of things?
Is it triples if two of the players are cats?
Former World Women's Champion Zhang Yining has an interesting nose.
Kid with big red ears and big orange eyes.
Promotional poster from movie "Balls of Fury"
Here are six table tennis pictures: What society thinks

########
Rank: 19
Score: 38.04916
Retrieved Text: ไม้ปิงปอง – See The Team ASAP To Uncover Further Suggestions..
Table tennis evolved first in China and eventually moved to Europe, and then the United States. Some say “Ping-Pang” was the very first name of the game as it sounded like the words spoken within the Chinese language within the 7th Century, which later evolved to “Ping Pong.” By the 8th Century, this game began to spread to India, Persia and ultimately to the West. These early games were played by hitting a dried Chinese fruit called a lichee.
Others say that the sound heard when playing ping pong on European rackets (made of pieces of paper stretched on the frame) resulted first inside the nickname of “Whiff-Whaff” and later on “Ping-Pong.” In Europe many people believe ไม้ปิงปอง was invented by army officers who used rounded wine corks for balls and old cigar boxes as paddles. Ping pong remained popular as a party game for rich people in England until it officially became a competitive sport in 1927.
Eventually, the buzz of ping pong in Europe led game manufacturers to promote ping pong equipment commercially, initially beneath the name “Gossima.” However the name “Ping-Pong” was already widely used before English manufacturer J. Jaques & Son Ltd. formalized it in 1901. Jaques & Son eventually sold the rights of the “Ping-Pong” name towards the American company Parker Brothers.
James Gibb, an English enthusiast in the game, discovered novelty celluloid balls on a trip for the U.S. in and found them to function as the ideal balls for the game. In the

########
Rank: 20
Score: 37.74415
Retrieved Text: Yesterday was a really busy blogging day for me. Having spent most the day in Manchester helping out at the Empty Shop, I was then invited to Leeds to check out a new bar called The Roxy Ball Room. The Roxy Ball Room is an American style bar on the second floor of an old building in Leeds City centre. Before going to the bar, I had done no prior research and hadn't got a clue what to expect...apart from the brief hinting of ping pong balls.
The Roxy Ball Room is located above the Cafe Nero within great proximity to the train station, so those wondering about having a few drinks, but fear missing the train, it's the perfect location. Admittedly walking up the initial stairs it feels like you are walking into a seedy type of bar. The entrance is on a side street and the stairs don't give much away about the venue. Once I actually entered the room, my opinion dramatically changed. I was confronted by all these huge pool tables, a quirky style bar and the most ambient room lights. I was already allured by the atmosphere of this bar, before having my first drink. My initial thoughts? My partner would definitely like this place.
The bar is a little bit unconventional, having the beer behind the bar rather than on taps right in front of you. I like it. It makes the bar look more spacious, you can see the bartender serving the drinks without having to bob your head too and

########
Rank: 21
Score: 37.506634
Retrieved Text: Love to play ping pong? Now, here are some more reasons why playing this fast passed sport, is going to help your mind and body, in more than one way.
In our fast paced world, we all look forward to good health, mental fitness and great agility. If this can be achieved while you do something you really love – wouldn’t that be simply wonderful? This is possible only when you play the sport of ping pong. You might choose to play singles or doubles – if you play consistently, you will realize how good it is for your mental and physical health.
So, how can an entertaining sport like ping pong, help your health?
The reason is simple – you do not have to coax yourself to play the game, because you love playing the sports. The sport is often played between friends, cousins and neighbors during weekends or special occasions. Since, this is a fast paced game; it involves massive utilization of different muscles. If you are not a gym lover but you know you need to exercise to stay healthy and fit, spending time in the gym often turns frustrating and difficult. Those who visit the gym on a regular basis will agree that with better muscle utilization, and fast movement, there is a possibility to lose weight and gain muscle strength.
However, visiting the gym and spending time to workout often gets tiresome and people lack the energy to workout after a long day. However, if it is a game of ping pong no one likes

########
Rank: 22
Score: 37.44672
Retrieved Text: Take a gander at the 41 sports programs the AAU offers each year.
Wait, what? Pickleball. What an odd name for a sport, huh?
There is a ball involved – a plastic ball that looks very similar to a wiffle ball – yet, sadly, there are no pickles in play. Really makes you wonder why it’s called pickleball in the first place.
After playing golf one Saturday during the Summer 1965, Joel Pritchard, congressman from Washington State, and Bill Bell, a successful businessman, returned to Pritchard’s home on Bainbridge Island, Wash. To find their families sitting around with nothing to do. The property had an old badminton court, but Pritchard and Bell couldn’t find all the equipment.
The two friends started playing with ping-pong paddles and a perforated plastic ball. At first, they placed the net at badminton height of 60 inches and volleyed the ball over the net. But they soon discovered the ball bounced well on the asphalt surface and lowered the net to 36 inches. The follow weekend, Barney McCallum was introduced to the game at Pritchard’s home. Soon, the three men had created rules, relying heavily on badminton and keeping in mind the original purpose: to provide a game the whole family could play together.
In 1972, a corporation was formed to protect the creation of the new sport.
Pickleball is a paddle sport that combines several elements of tennis, badminton and ping-pong. It is played on a smaller, badminton-sized court with a modified tennis net. The paddle used is smaller than a tennis racket but larger than

########
Rank: 23
Score: 37.393444
Retrieved Text: Where mcdonald's gets their french fries. Allegedly.
Before the game begins all players gather in a circle. One player from each team is given a ping pong ball. When the countdown begins or when the music starts playing. Players must keep handing their ping pong ball to the person on their left. When the song ends or the countdown stops. The players holding the ping pong ball have tp take a shot of Vodka.
When starting the game players from each team face off to see who goes first. Instead of doing eye-to-eye shooters must look at each other in the eyes. Then do their best to cross their eyes and shoot. If players tie then they face off again until someone wins the face off.
On the first throw of your turn if you make the very center cup. You must pull your pants down and shoot like this until you make it next. If you don't want to do this or you're already naked. Then the cup you made remains in play and doesn't get pulled.
That's right! Only one re-rack so use it wisely. Must call your re-rack before you or your teammate throw.
This style of play makes it so that each player only is given 3 chances to bounce a ball into a cup. After that they can no longer pull 2 cups if a ball bounces in. Players must announce their bounce and no one can slap it out of the way if they do.
If you and your teammate both make your shot into an

########
Rank: 24
Score: 37.358265
Retrieved Text: For those of you who grew up playing ping pong and think you’re any good, try doing this. Here’s a man who plays ping pong with no arms. How does he hold the paddle? With his mouth. As you’ll see in the video below this is pretty darned impressive. The man himself even says he cares about two thing: His wife and ping pong. So basically all he does is eat, sleep, and think ping pong.
There’s only one rub in this video. And this may sound accusatory but have you noticed that the ping pong ball seems to be landing in the same spot every single time? Granted what this goes does is very impressive but you see stories out there of people with disabilities all the time who have more skill at their respective talent than someone without a disability.
I think we need to see a video of this guy moving around and hitting balls from different spots in the same rally. Again though, can’t take anything away from this guy. It’s commendable.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 37.327522
Retrieved Text: A game of Pong remixed with characters with special powers to bounce the ball back and forth. Choose your nation and your goal is to shoot the ball into your opponent's goal. You cannot catch the ball during the shootout but instead block it from entering your own goal. Much like ping pong but with air bending skills. Power-ups may also be collected.
( 1 ) - Defensive skills.
Spacebar - Release the ball.
If you want to play Avatar - 4 Nations Tournament games online you have come to the right place! GamesLoon adds new Avatar - 4 Nations Tournament games every week. This is your game portal where you can find the biggest collection of free Avatar - 4 Nations Tournament games online. Do not forget to rate our Avatar - 4 Nations Tournament free online games while playing!

########
Rank: 26
Score: 37.283783
Retrieved Text: Ping pong, also called table tennis, is a well known indoor game delighted in by numerous individuals around the globe in offices extending from entertainment clubs to class regular rooms and so on. Ping pong is fundamentally the same as tennis in that players on inverse sides of the ping pong table hit the ball forward and backward over a net. Be that as it may, similitude’s end there as ping pong is played on a table surface as opposed to a hard court, hence the name table tennis. To appreciate a round of ping pong, you need a ping pong ball, a net, ping pong table, and oars.
In a ping pong diversion the main player to achieve 21 is announced the champ. Be that as it may, upon one player achieving 21 points with the rival trailing less than 2 points, the diversion must proceed until one player takes an unmistakable important lead over the rival, so, all in all that player is proclaimed the victor.
To begin a point the server serves the ball with the oar to the adversary’s side of the ping pong table. In the event that the server neglects to serve the ball into play, either by serving the ball into the net or serving it out, the point goes to the rival. When the ball is in play either player can score focuses. The players must hit the ball back to the rivals’ side of the table. On the off chance that one player neglects to restore the ball to

########
Rank: 27
Score: 37.08826
Retrieved Text: I’m a busy guy, so I prefer to have the things I like to be combined and packaged together for the sake of expediency. I enjoy a little peanut butter in my chocolate, and I love the swimsuit issue of Sports Illustrated. So naturally, as a person who plays ping-pong and drinks beer, I love the game of beer pong. For those of you who aren’t quite as sophisticated as me, allow me to explain the finer points of the trend that is sweeping college campuses these mid-week afternoons.
The beautiful (and oftentimes annoying) thing about beer pong is the rules are different depending on which part of the world you’re playing in. Actually, the rules may differ from room to room in the frat house. I’ll stick to the World Series of Beer Pong rules, since they will be the ones used during the championships held in Vegas, Jan. 1 through 5, 2010. Yes, believe it or not, there is a championship for throwing a ping-pong ball into a cup full of Pabst Blue Ribbon. For the first time in history, a person can be a world-class athlete while drinking beer, though I don’t believe anyone can get a scholarship to Stanford for it … yet.
Beer pong has some technical rules (nerds who care about stuff like the required 27.5-inch table height can go to bpong.com and learn about the league cup size down to the millimeter). There are also some very un-technical rules, like, “No player may take offense to anything said or done during

########
Rank: 28
Score: 36.955658
Retrieved Text: Fancy yourself a dab hand at pool? Or are you a complete beginner who holds the cue like a chopstick and always forgets to chalk up?
Whatever your skill level, there are few better ways to kill a couple of hours with your friends (or even with your kids) than by enjoying a chilled-out game of pool.
And if snacks or drinks are thrown in as well, then even better.
Lucky, then, that those lovely people over at The Ball Room in Glasgow Southside are offering just that with today’s Big Deal.
And if pool’s not your thing, then ping pong is available as well.
The Ball Room is a family-friendly hangout opposite Langside College in Battlefield. Cosy booth seating means that you can relax in comfort and there is plenty of entertainment on offer in the bar.
And while a wide range of beers, cocktails, spirits and wines are available, you can also order a Carraro coffee in Cafe Corner.
This Big Deal has various options and is available seven days a week until 30th June 2019.
Children are welcome at The Ball Room until 9pm, making this a great offer for families as well (especially for those rainy day weekends).
Option one is for a game of pool or pro ping pong plus nachos for up to four people. You will get two hours of American or British pool (or ping pong) and a cheese nachos platter to share.
Option two is for a game of pool or pro ping pong plus nachos and beer for two people. You will get two hours of

########
Rank: 29
Score: 36.81971
Retrieved Text: Who doesn’t like a fun game of ping pong, especially on a rainy day when you don’t feel like going outdoors? Ping pong is one of the most entertaining indoor games, as well as a professional sport that requires a lot of practice. What’s great about ping pong is that it requires good hand to eye coordination and physical stamina, yet it can be played by players of all skill levels and ages. However, for a good ping pong experience you need high quality equipment, the most important piece being the best ping pong table. To help you choose the right table for your budget, we have put together the following the best ping pong table reviews!
But, wait! You can’t rush into purchasing a table without knowing what to look for. You don’t want to end up spending a lot of money on a low quality product or a product that breaks after a month of use. To ensure you get what you pay for, look for features such as the quality of material and the durability of the table. Make sure the surface is smooth and scratch resistant. It should also provide a consistent bounce for a better playing experience and a sturdy frame that stays stable throughout the match. Other factors you should look into is the size of the table, that is, whether you want a tournament size one or a more compact table that can be stored more easily. Speaking of which, it is important to look for easily foldable tables for

================



======= Instance Index 3423 =========
Input Text: Read the following conversation and answer the question.

Patient: Hi. Dr. Hyde?

Dentist: So, what's seems to be the problem today?

Patient: Well, I just came in for a check up and a dental cleaning.

Dentist: Hum. Open up. Let's take a look ...

Patient: Okay. Uh ...

Dentist: Hummmm. [Humm? Uh?] Wow! I've never seen one like THIS before. Let me try this.

Patient: Uhhh ... Ouhhhh [Man screaming in pain ...]

Dentist: Well, besides a lot of plaque buildup, there is a major cavity in one of your wisdom teeth. [I feel that.] Hasn't this given you any trouble?

Patient: Well, the tooth has been bothering me, and it sometimes hurts when I drink something cold. Does it look that bad?

Dentist: Well, we're going to remove the decay, and then we'll either put a filling in, or if the decay is extensive, we can't repair it, we might have to put a crown on your tooth. Or as a last resort, we may have to extract the tooth.

Patient: Uh, well, that sounds painful!

Dentist: Don't worry. I've done this ... once before. [Huh?] Nah, just relax.

Patient: Wait! Aren't you suppose to give me something to dull the pain?

Dentist: Uh, chicken. Oh yeah. I almost forgot. We can either use a local anesthetic or nitrous oxide ... laughing gas... to minimize the discomfort you might feel. Or you can just grin and bear it.

Patient: Nah, Nah, nah! Put me under! [I thought so.] I can't stand pain, and I'd rather not be aware of what's going on. And, if I need a filling, can I get one that looks like my other teeth?

Dentist: If we can save the tooth with a filling, I recommend a high-strength silver alloy filling instead of a porcelain one. It'll probably last longer.

Patient: Okay, well whatever. Let's get it over with.

Dentist: Okay, pleasant dreams. Drill please.

Question: What does the dentist use to minimize the patient's pain during the procedure? 

- a local anesthetic

- nitrous oxide

- no medication is needed in this case

Target Text: nitrous oxide

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 44.33321
Retrieved Text: Sure, you can break out the gas or needle to sedate a nervous patient in your chair — but setting a accepting, relaxing and communicative atmosphere in your practice can actually be a better way to calm things down.
These simple and research-proven tips can help your patients relax, and see you as an empathetic professional who has their emotional comfort, as well as their physical comfort, as a priority.
Researchers at West Virginia University report that a fear of the dentist is really about a fear of pain. As your patients to describe exactly what they are worrying about — is it that their anesthesia won't work? Is it the pain they'll feel post-procedure?
Explain all the tools you'll use to minimize their discomfort in detail as much as possible, and as you administer pain reduction, talk them through exactly what they're doing to quell their concerns.
Also, work out some shorthand with your patient so he/she can quickly and easily alert you if pain or discomfort should increase for any reason during treatment when speaking isn't an option. Hand signals will work well, and will give the patient a sense of control in case the unexpected happens.
Decorate your office like a beach.
A study from the U.K. found that many dental patients who utilized guided imagery of the seashore through a headset didn't even pay attention to the procedure as it happened, experiencing less pain and anxiety than patients who didn't experience beach energy.
If you can't go the virtual reality route, hanging paintings of seascapes around your office and

########
Rank: 1
Score: 41.54921
Retrieved Text: - Do in-office sessions hurt? / Will you have pain or sensitivity afterward? / Remedies for side effects.
In-office teeth whitening, just like any other peroxide-based bleaching method, can create side effects. The most common ones are tooth and gum sensitivity or irritation. They can occur either during or after your bleaching session.
A) Side effects during treatment.
It's possible that you may feel a few isolated zaps or tingles during your your whitening procedure. Based on the frequency or severity of what you notice, your dentist might decide that it's best to cut your bleaching session short.
Being able to communicate with your dentist is the key here.
Set up prearranged hand signal (or possibly your dentist will have a small bell you can signal with) so you can indicate to them that you're experiencing sensations that need to be evaluated.
The blue (paint-on) dental dam protects the gums from irritation.
The peroxide bleaching agents found in in-office whiteners are caustic in nature and can irritate or even damage soft oral tissues (gums, lips, cheeks, tongue).
This is why a dentist isolates their patient's teeth by way of placing a dental dam before the whitener is applied. An important safety feature of in-office technique is being able to limit the peroxide whitener to tooth contact only.
Why dentists don't "numb up" whitening patients.
If the potential for experiencing pain during treatment exists, you might wonder why a dentist doesn't just go ahead and numb up their patient's mouth before the bleaching process is begun. The reason why they don't is because by not using anesthetic

########
Rank: 2
Score: 39.529427
Retrieved Text: Fear of the dentist is more common than many think. Though most people put on a brave face when visiting the dentist, the truth is that the average patient is at least somewhat fearful of dental drills and other dental instruments. Some patients are fearful of dentists and dental hygienists. If you are fearful of the dentist, you should know you are not alone. Here is a quick look at the most common fears of the dentist.
It is no secret that dental drilling generates noises and odors. In particular, the sound of dental drills invokes fear in countless patients. If someone has not been to the dentist in a while due to phobia, they should know dental technology has improved. Dental offices now use highly advanced drills to minimize odor, noise and pain. Laser drills are especially helpful, as they are completely silent.
The fear of dental professionals is almost always rooted in negative experiences at the dentist's office during a patient's youth. If someone has a fear of the dentist, it is time to face that fear. Meet with our dentist and dental hygienists as soon as possible. Once a new patient interacts with our team, they will no longer be as fearful of dental treatments, procedures and cleanings. Our team goes to great lengths to keep patients as comfortable as possible throughout the duration of their appointment.
Patients often fear injections from needles, as these sharp instruments seem to have the potential to be quite painful. If someone is hesitating to visit the dentist's office because

########
Rank: 3
Score: 38.547745
Retrieved Text: If you feel a great deal of pain coming from one of your teeth or if you see a large abscess next to a tooth, then you probably have an infection that needs to be treated. Your dentist will likely perform a root canal to get rid of the infected dental pulp. Most people fear root canal treatments, but the necessary procedure is not that painful. Although this is true, you may feel some discomfort during the root canal. You can do your best to reduce pain and soreness by following the tips below.
When a tooth becomes infected, bacteria attack and eat away at the dental pulp that sits in the crown of your tooth. Once the pulp is destroyed, the bacteria move down to the bottom of the tooth where the dental nerve is located. The dental nerve is responsible for transmitting pressure, pain, and temperature sensations to the brain, and the bacterial activity causes the tooth to hurt. Typically, a dentist will release the infected nerve along with puss and bacteria once the infection is identified.
If you notice dental pain before the bacteria reach your dental nerve though, then a full root canal procedure may not be necessary. Your dentist can perform a far less uncomfortable and invasive procedure called a pulp capping. During this treatment, your dentist will drill into the tooth crown and clean out the infected pulp. A sealer is then placed in the crown to stop the infection. The tooth nerve will be left in place and this will keep

########
Rank: 4
Score: 38.511696
Retrieved Text: Does tooth extraction hurt? The full story about what to expect.
Details about what a patient may feel (pain, pressure) during their tooth extraction procedure, and why. | How likely is it that your extraction will hurt and how much? | What dentists can do to minimize and manage procedure discomfort.
Will you feel pain when your tooth is extracted?
What usually takes place when teeth are taken out.
The disappointing, hopefully minor, sensations that may occur during a patient's procedure (and why they're felt).
What you and your dentist can do along the way to create a comfortable, trusting environment for your extraction process. One that helps to insure that your experience is as pleasant and pain-free as possible.
What will you feel when your tooth is pulled?
You may feel the pinch of the needle as your dentist numbs up your teeth and gums.
You will feel the back-and-forth pressure that's used to loosen up your tooth until it's free enough to come out (but this shouldn't be confused with feeling pain).
Other than that, you don't have to expect that you'll feel any discomfort during your procedure but a minor percentage of people do (as in, a majority of people don't).
But if you do feel pain (and not just pressure) and your dentist is aware of it (like when they test your level of numbness), there are steps they can take to control it.
A list of painful events that may occur during your extraction procedure.
1) Numbing up your tooth.
Every extraction begins with numbing up your tooth. And the way that's done is

########
Rank: 5
Score: 37.08456
Retrieved Text: Do you experience uneasiness and anxiety when you visit the dentist? Worry no more! At Rye Dental Associates, our passionate team provides you with the safest sedation options to ease your fear.
Strictly used to control pain, this type of anesthesia provides a numbing effect. It is injected directly at the site of the dental procedure. The numbness effect will ease the pain and prevent discomfort while the procedure is being performed. Our well-trained specialists can safely administer this procedure to our patients. While Local Anesthesia is not capable of controlling a patient’s anxiousness, it does a great job of minimizing the pain, and many of our patients feel better just knowing that.
Oral Sedation is a type of medication that helps patients feel relaxed during a dental procedure. This sedation is best for patients who are not comfortable visiting the dentist, have a gag reflex, have a fear of numbness, or have had traumatic dental experiences. If you are expecting a dental procedure, and you think that Oral Sedation Dentistry fits your needs, then don’t hesitate to contact us at Rye Dental Associates.
IV Sedation or Intravenous Sedation provides moderate to high levels of sedation. IV Sedation works more quickly than Oral Sedation. Our dental team will effectively manage the level of sedation according to the procedure to be performed and the patient's individual needs. IV Sedation is appropriate for anxious patients as well as to improve comfort during longer and more involved procedures. Patients with complex medical needs may also benefit from being sedated. IV Sedation will

########
Rank: 6
Score: 36.127926
Retrieved Text: In order to identify cavities, your dentist serving Albany IN uses a dental laser for precise accuracy. This eliminates the chances of damaging a patient's tooth with metal instruments by scratching and scraping.
We're able to quickly find your cavity with this dental laser while also being able to identify how deep the cavity is and seeing what work needs to be done. No pain, no shots! We'll be filling the cavity with our laser tooth filling procedure and correcting this issue, so the patient can be out of the office in record time! No need for numbing during the procedure, as well as eliminating the numbing experience after.
Contact our office in order to learn more or schedule to make an appointment by calling (765) 282-5655 today.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 35.58918
Retrieved Text: Electrical anesthesia is used by some dentists as an alternative form of pain control for many minor oral procedures. It is a valid medical concept that is frequently used for sports injuries, muscle pain, veterinary medicine, and many other situations.
How does electrical anesthesia work?
During electric anesthesia, a weak and nonpainful electrical current is delivered to the area to be anesthetized. The electrical impulses block pain by confusing the transfer of pain along nerve pathways.
Why would I use electrical anesthesia as pain control?
What can I feel under electrical anesthesia?
Similarly to an injection-delivered local anesthetic, the area to be treated will feel numb and you will not be able to feel pain in that area during the process.
Because the electrical current used in electrical anesthesia is very weak, there are no risks and no side effects to this form of pain control.
The surgical nature of many dental procedures present a risk of contamination and infection of bloodborne diseases, such as AIDS and hepatitis B. Although this is an unavoidable occupational risk, there are numerous steps a dental practice can take to minimize the risk of infection to both patients and staff. The stringent risk control measures most dental practices have to make on a daily basis make dental offices an incredibly safe environment. There is no need to worry about contracting a disease from another patient when visiting your dentist.
What steps do dentists make to maximise their infection control?
A dental handpiece is the cutting instrument dentists use to remove decay from your teeth and shape them when necessary.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 35.42295
Retrieved Text: Dental bonding involves the use of composite resins to improve the appearance of a person's teeth. The composite used matches the color of the patient's teeth, so it is virtually impossible to tell they have had work done.
During the procedure, the dentist will prepare the patient's teeth for the composite with phosphoric acid. This step roughens the tooth's surface, making it easier to the putty-like composite to stick to it. The dentist then applies the resin directly to the tooth and molds it into the desired shape. The dentist finishes up the treatment by hardening the composite with ultraviolet light and polishing the composite. The whole procedure takes less than 60 minutes per tooth.
As was mentioned earlier, composites can also be used to combat tooth decay. The dentist applies a composite to a cavity after removing any decayed material in it. The composite seals the hole created by the cavity and prevents it from getting larger. Unlike traditional fillings, composite resins blend in with the color of the patient's teeth.
Veneers can be used to fix many of the issues dental bonding is used for. It makes it possible to instantly restore the patient's smile. A veneer is a thin tooth-shaped mold that serves as a front cover for teeth, hiding all the stains and discoloration on them.
Veneers make it possible for anyone to have a perfect smile. During the procedure, the dentist normally removes a small portion of enamel to make space for the prosthetic. This step is done to prevent the patient's teeth from appearing

########
Rank: 9
Score: 35.33123
Retrieved Text: Once there is irreversible damage to the pulp inside your tooth, a dental root canal treatment is the only way that our dentist can save your tooth. Also called endodontic treatment, the procedure stops any pain that you have been feeling.
Normally, you will feel moderate to severe pain that does not subside. You may notice that the tooth is dark and the gum near the tooth is swollen. Your tooth will be sensitive to both hot and cold as well. If you notice these symptoms, please contact our office for an appointment and let our office staff know that you’re in pain and need an appointment as soon as possible.
Is There a Special Root Canal Dentist?
All general dentists have training in endodontic treatment as root canals are a common procedure. If there are complex issues, our dentist may refer you to an endodontist, a dental pulp specialist. Call us today if you believe that you may need a dental root canal.
What Steps Are Involved When Having a Root Canal?
Knowing what to expect ahead of time will ease your apprehension. It is important to note that root canals do not hurt, since the first thing our dentist does is numb the area with local anesthetic. Next, our dentist will place a thin rubber sheet around the area to keep saliva out. Our dentist will drill a tiny access hole to reach the canals, and once he or she drills the hole, the canals are cleaned out and the nerves are removed. The canals are washed, sealed and

########
Rank: 10
Score: 35.32388
Retrieved Text: The soft inner section of the tooth (pulp) can become infected and if not treated, the tooth will die and the infection may spread to other teeth. A root canal treatment extracts the pulp from the tooth to stop the infection, as well as relieve the patient's pain. After the pulp is removed during a root canal, cosmetic and general dentists Drs. Martin, Martin, or Marshall will either use a filling material to replace the pulp or protect the tooth from future infections with a dental crown. Martin Dentistry in Indianapolis encourages patients to schedule an appointment as soon as they feel tooth pain, since the tooth infection can enter the blood stream and transport the infection to other areas of the body. Some patients, including those with congenital heart defects and artificial heart valves, are a higher risk of developing an infection, so they are given antibiotic treatments before and after their root canal treatment.
"I had a very pleasant experience at Martin Dentistry! Although I do not have any dental issues, the cleaning was painless and fast! The staff is very friendly and efficient."
"I had root canal done a month ago. I expected a lot of pain, but to my surprise, I experienced almost no pain during or after the procedure."
"Had a root canal, no pain, caring people. Just a great experience."
Before the root canal begins, the dentist will numb the patient’s teeth and gums with a local anesthetic, as well as nitrous oxide gas for further patient comfort and relaxation if needed. Once the

########
Rank: 11
Score: 34.849907
Retrieved Text: Conscious sedation refers to a combination of medicines that help you relax as well as reduce pain during a dental procedure. Unlike anesthetics used for surgery, you remain awake and completely conscious through the entire process. If you are feeling anxious about a procedure, you can discuss the options for sedation during the procedure with the skilled and experienced dentist.
Nitrous oxide is a mixture of nitrous oxide and oxygen also known as laughing gas. You inhale this mixture of gases during your procedure to achieve the sedative effect. This is a sedation method that has been used for years and has been deemed very safe. It relaxes you to make the procedure less stressful.
Dissipates quickly – switch to 100 percent oxygen after the procedure to minimize its effects.
Oral conscious sedation is another method that we use in the office to help reduce anxiety and relax you for the procedure. This method is stronger and the effects last longer than nitrous oxide. You will need a ride to and from the office when using this form of sedation.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 34.58659
Retrieved Text: The latest innovation in patient comfort, clinically proven to minimize jaw pain during dental procedures.
easier, faster & more Restful.
It’s time to mind the jaw – We’re bringing comfort and stability to dental treatment.
The Restful Jaw is the latest innovation in patient comfort that’s clinically proven to minimize jaw pain from opening the mouth during dental procedures.
To learn more about the Restful Jaw, watch our short product video on the right, or learn the quick facts.
Minimize treatment breaks and delays.
Increase patient acceptance of elective treatments.
Clinically proven to minimize jaw pain.
Comfortably supports your jaw and prevents overextension.
Relax your jaw during dental appointments.
Can reduce treatment time and follow-up appointments.
Here are all the progressive dental clinics around the world who care about dental jaw pain, comfort, and protection. Click on the map to see where their practices are located.
The Restful Jaw Company is powered by experienced dental, medical, legal and marketing professionals. Click here to read their bios.
We designed, tested and manufacture the Restful Jaw external support device. We’re committed to improving the dental treatment experience and oral health of patients worldwide.
Curious to know more about the Restful Jaw? Please use our contact form to get in touch with our support personnel!
What are the indications for using the Restful Jaw?
Any long dental procedure for supporting the mandible from the dental forces on the jaw. Other key indicators include: Symptomatic TMJ/TMD patients; asymptomatic patients with signs of TMD; movement disorders (e.g., Tardive dyskinesia, Parkinson, MS, or geriatric patients) – hyperactivity can be reduced by securing the device shoulder straps around dental

########
Rank: 13
Score: 34.43323
Retrieved Text: A root canal procedure repairs a tooth which has been infected or severely damaged. The cause of the damage to the tooth is usually related to a cracked tooth or deep cavity. The procedure itself includes removing the area of the tooth which is damaged (this is called the pulp), cleaning it entirely, and then refilling it. Once the tooth is refilled it is sealed.
If you suspect that you need a root canal, you should immediately see your dentist. Your dentist will go through a procedure to determine if you do need a root canal by completing an X-ray to examine the tooth and the possible decay.
If you do require a root canal, your dentist will book an appointment for the procedure. On the day of the root canal, your dentist will first administer anesthesia to your tooth and perform a pulpectomy, which is when an opening in your root is created. Once the opening is made, the dentist removes the diseased pulp. After the diseased pulp is removed, the dentist fills it to seal it off.
Once the procedure is completed, your dentist will walk you through aftercare treatment and what you need to do to care for your teeth. You will likely be in some pain or discomfort and your dentist will walk you through various aftercare routines as well as how to deal with the pain.
It is very important that you take good care of your teeth after a root canal has been completed. You will likely have to schedule a visit with your

########
Rank: 14
Score: 34.039543
Retrieved Text: What Happens During a Bone Graft?
A bone graft is often used following tooth extractions or before placing dental implants. To complete this procedure, an oral surgeon removes bone from another part of the body and inserts it into the jaw. The dentist may also use a synthetic bone material.
How Much Do Bone Grafts Cost?
The bone graft cost typically depends on whether your insurance plan covers the procedure as well as the type of graft used. Most patients opt to use a synthetic bone material, which is less costly than natural bone. With natural bone, an additional surgical cut is needed to retrieve the bone.
When a patient lacks sufficient bone to support implants, a sinus lift may be necessary. During this procedure, the sinus membrane is “lifted” to create space for additional bone. Then, dental implants can be placed in the jaw. Anesthesia is used to ensure patient comfort during treatment.
When provided by an experienced dentist or oral surgeon, sedation dentistry is a safe option for patients. At our practice, you can select nitrous oxide (“laughing gas”), local anesthetic, or IV sedation to help you remain comfortable during treatment. Your oral surgeon will discuss your options at your appointment.
The type of sedation you receive will factor into the total expense. Many insurance plans offer coverage for sedation, so it’s important to consult with your carrier before receiving care. In general, IV sedation tends to be more costly than oral sedation or nitrous oxide.
While an infected or injured tooth may cause pain or discomfort, extracting a damaged tooth

########
Rank: 15
Score: 33.732384
Retrieved Text: root canal Archives - Nicholas Dental Care in Maryland for dentistry.Nicholas Dental Care in Maryland for dentistry.
The presence of abscess or decay, also known as an infection, on a tooth.
Trauma or injury on the tooth, such as a chipped or broken tooth, which results in the exposure of the nerve.
The slow death of a tooth due to aging or previous trauma which was not treated immediately.
A leading Laurel, MD dentist says that root canal therapy is widely regarded as the most feared dental procedure. However, this is mainly due to the inaccurate information many people have about this treatment.
Fact: According to a study published by the American Association of Endodontists, the perception that people have about root canal therapy being painful comes from the early treatment methods used to perform this procedure. Dental experts also say that if you are already suffering from pain on the day of your treatment, your apprehension and fear may heighten the sensations you feel during the procedure.
In actuality, root canal therapy is done to provide pain relief to patients. The majority of people who undergo this dental procedure admit they did not experience any pain during the treatment and that they felt better afterwards.
Myth: Your tooth has to hurt really bad before you can undergo root canal therapy.
Fact: You don’t have to be suffering from a really bad toothache for a dentist to recommend root canal therapy. In many cases, teeth that are already dead but are not at all painful may require root canal treatment to prevent the tooth

########
Rank: 16
Score: 33.590202
Retrieved Text: How long has the dentist been in business? How long have you been practicing?
Do they have the proper qualifications? Are they a Doctor of Dental Surgery (DDS) or Doctor of Dental Medicine (DMD)? Where can I verify them? Contact your local society to confirm if necessary.
Do you specialize in a specific field of dentistry? Where can I verify this information?
How much experience do they have with the procedure(s) I need?
How often do they attend continuing education courses and conferences? How has the dentist kept abreast of new developments in dentistry?
How do they approach implant dentistry? What types (brands) of implants and procedures do they use?
What options are available in regards to the procedure and materials used?
Do they have before and after photos of their previous patients?
Does the clinic offer amenities such as heating pads, TV or music?
What should I expect during the first appointment? During treatment?
Are there any side effects or risks associated with the procedure?
How much does the procedure cost? What procedures and supplies do these quoted prices include? Compare these numbers to the cost data we have collected.
Do you make accommodations for people with dental anxiety?
What should I expect immediately after the procedure? For example, will I experience pain, swelling or bruising?
What type of care will I need after the treatment?
What happens if I’m unhappy with the treatment or there are complications after the procedure?
Do you accept discount dental plans?

########
Rank: 17
Score: 33.478176
Retrieved Text: Sedation dentistry exists above everything else to provide psychological comfort to those that from some reason experience a severe dentist anxiety. There may be cases were the intervention would be impossible without Jerry Stackhouse Jersey , but many patient still express this desire when deciding to go to a dentist in Alexandria VA to be sedated during procedures, either for the beauty of their teeth or for restoration purposes. You may be an unbreakable boxer or a fragile cheerleader, in doesn't matter, chances for dentist fear are equal in both cases.
Either as a result of your genetic constitution or due to traumatizing childhood experiences Bill Laimbeer Jersey , nowadays sedation is a valid option for those with fear of dental procedures. Your dentist Alexandria VA should properly understand that this fear is real for you and gently propose solutions that will draw you out of difficulty. Sedatives are usually prescribed with the purpose of generating a pleasurable and relaxing experience for the anxious patients. There’s a major difference between these in-office tranquilizers and the general anaesthesia performed in operations. They don't affect the patient's nervous system as to completely determine him to fall asleep but causes him to be sleepy and relaxed enough as to prevent his anxiety from taking over.
Anxious patients are not the only beneficiaries of sedation dentistry and a dentist in Alexandria VA could also recommend sedation in cases of patients with extremely sensitive teeth where physical pain would be a real impediment for the procedure and in cases of people with medical

########
Rank: 18
Score: 33.35332
Retrieved Text: Root Canal Pain - Are You Still in Pain?
What do you really know about root canal pain?
Perhaps you're about to go to the dentist, and some of your current symptoms are causing you to worry that you might need a root canal. This is a procedure that has a bad reputation.
Think about it -how many times have you heard someone say talk about a horrible experience and then say, "Oh, man, that was worse than a root canal!"
You are not alone if you fear the pain of a root canal. There are threads on web sites all over the Internet in which people discuss their options for pain control before, during, and after one of these common procedures.
This article will help you to understand that root canal pain has a reputation that it just doesn't deserve.
Generally, it's no more painful than having a filling placed in your tooth.
In fact, in some cases it is possible for the dentist to work on your tooth without an anesthetic. This is because in many of the teeth that are damaged to the point of needing root canal treatment, the tooth nerve has already died. And it's impossible for dead nerve tissue to cause sensations of pain!
Nevertheless, your dentist will numb you up before he begins a root canal procedure. He doesn't want you to worry about being in pain because it's important for you to relax during your root canal procedure.
Your dentist does not want to be distracted by the idea of what's going on when he's working on

########
Rank: 19
Score: 33.08639
Retrieved Text: Whether you have an emergency or just planning to visit a Saturday dentist Peachtree City does not mean that you are in pain or some emergency has occurred. There are treatments and procedures that will require you to see a dental specialist, and since you are busy with your work during the week, the only time you have to take care of your dental problems are Saturdays. Knowing this, we created a list of emergency dentist, family dentist, pediatric dentist, cosmetic dentist, dentist open on weekends, dentist open on Saturday, dentist open on Sunday, dental clinics open 24-hours, dentists who can give you same day repair, dentists who can give you same day service, 24-hour urgent dental care, emergency dental services, dentist open after hours, orthodontists, periodontists and any other dental professional. All the dentists are ready to give treatments with their full staff members, and state-of-the-art equipment. The staff members are also knowledgeable about the different insurance plans. If you have no insurance, they will make a payment plan with you and offer you different financing options. Just call us and we will find, and connect you and even make an appointment for you with a Saturday dentist Peachtree City near your location.
Saturday dentist Peachtree City can help you with any treatments such as a cavity, root canal, crown, bridge, dental implants, extraction, tooth taken out, chipped tooth, help you with tooth pain and they can provide you teeth cleaning. Many of these problems can happen because of indoor or outdoor activities. To prevent or

########
Rank: 20
Score: 32.86773
Retrieved Text: We believe in making anesthesia As Safe As Possible. Anesthesia, patient monitoring, and pricing varies greatly among veterinary hospitals.
For the safety of your pet and your peace of mind, we recommend preanesthetic testing for all patients and require it for pets 7 years of age and older. Pre anesthetic blood testing helps us to evaluate your pet's ability to metabolize the anesthetic agents and avoid or minimize the risks of anesthesia. If tests are abnormal, we can modify the anesthetic procedure to safeguard your pet's health. In addition, these tests often detect hidden illness and allow us to treat it at an early stage. They also provide a baseline for future reference.
Pre anesthetic pain medication is given to all patients. Treating pain before it occurs allows us to use lower doses of anesthesia and lower doses of pain medication after surgery. Remember, "Pain is Inhumane".
Surgical Fluids are important for several reasons. They help maintain blood pressure during the procedure which helps protect the kidneys and other organs from damage. They also provide a lifeline for administering emergency drugs if complications do arise. All of our patients receive some type of fluids during surgery. The type and quantity varies with the patient's age, weight, and type of surgery.
All patients receive electronic monitoring during their anesthesia. The monitors display various vital signs and give us early warning if a problem is developing. It's better to prevent respiratory arrest than it is to do CPR after they have quit breathing.
All anesthetic agents are not created equal. Unfortunately, the safer

########
Rank: 21
Score: 32.835354
Retrieved Text: General dentists can provide a wide array of services, including preventive care, minor restorative therapy, and family dental care. They are largely concerned with helping patients maintain good oral hygiene and dental health to prevent problems from occurring in the first place. However, if dental problems are discovered, general dentists have the skills to use restorative procedures to repair tooth decay, disease, and trauma. If you're nervous about setting up an appointment with a general dentist, continue reading to learn more about general dentistry and which procedures they use for improving dental health.
How a General Dentist Checks a Patient's Dental Health?
A general dentist uses clinical expertise, tests, radiographs, and instruments to analyse a patient's oral health and diagnose any potential dental health problems. The oral cavity, neck, and head are the primary focus areas at a general dentistry office. Many general dentists will create an individualized preventative plan for each patient to help them maintain healthy teeth. If a problem is discovered, a treatment plan will be developed for the patient.
What Happens During a Regular Dental Check-up?
General dentists inspect each tooth with small instruments in your mouth. They are checking for signs of gum disease, tooth decay, and other conditions. If an alleged dental problem is difficult to see with the small instruments, then the dentist will take an x-ray to see exactly what's going on. Assuming you have a dental problem, the dentist will explain to you what it is, what your options are in treatment, and the associated costs with those treatment options.
If you're

########
Rank: 22
Score: 32.83452
Retrieved Text: Absenteeism and Presenteeism are Hurting your Organization?
Functional Electro-Therapy can help you.
We want to help companies increase the well-being of their employees so that they can maintain their full potential at work.
It is estimated that people with chronic pain may be absent from work between 9.3 days and 16 days per year depending on the severity of their condition.
Early adoption of effective pain relief strategies should not only promote better pain control, but also prevent or at least minimize the risk of 'chronicity' and the resulting functional limitations and disabilities.
An innovative therapeutic approach that uses transcutaneous electrical nerve stimulation (TENS) both at rest and during the patient's functional activities.
The use of TENS, even over a long period of time, does not present any risk of addiction.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 32.81157
Retrieved Text: Sedation dentistry allows us to provide a variety of dental treatments safely and comfortably for our patients who experience anxiety when visiting the dentist.
While regular preventative care can reduce the need for dental treatment, many individuals avoid their visits to the dentist due to anxiety. Missing out on regular checkups can lead to more complicated dental problems. Sedation dentistry can be used as an option to relieve anxiety and pain during dental procedures. For patients with intense fear or those who need major dental procedures, sedation dentistry is a prime option that is both comfortable and practical.
We make dental procedures more comfortable with Sedation Dentistry, which helps reduce discomfort and makes you feel at ease. Sedation Dentistry – also known as conscious sedation or sleep dentistry – is a common, pain-free and safe procedure where medication is given to minimize anxiety and discomfort during your dental visit. Almost any adult or child may undergo this procedure, and it is notably useful for people who experience anxiety during their dental visits, or people with a history of anxiety. However, this procedure is also preferred by those who would just simply prefer to be sedated during a dental procedure.
If you choose to undergo oral sedation, you must remember that eating or drinking is prohibited for 12 hours before your dental procedure. We recommend that you wear short sleeves the day of the procedure and that you arrange for a designated driver who is prepared to take you home after the procedure. Prior to the procedure, we will administer

########
Rank: 24
Score: 32.51424
Retrieved Text: What are Dental Root Canals?
Inside a tooth is a collection of living tissue, nerves and canals. When decay, infection or trauma reaches this tissue it causes acute pain. Dentists use root canal treatments to remove any decay or infection and the decayed or dead nerve tissue. This procedure will help to stop the pain and pressure you’ve been feeling.
Do I Need a Dental Root Canal?
More than likely, your family dentist is skilled in performing the procedure, as it is a common one. If your situation is complex, our dentist will refer you to a specialist. If you need a dentist experienced in performing root canals, call our office to schedule your appointment.
Is the Root Canal Procedure Complicated?
First, you receive local anesthesia to numb the area. Once it’s numb, our dentist will drill a hole in the tooth’s crown to reach the pulp. Then, your dentist will clean and disinfect the canal, removing the nerve and shaping the pulp. Next, your dentist fills the canal with gutta-percha, a rubbery substance, and he or she seals it. On your next visit, you should have the tooth capped with a root canal crown, as it will break more easily without this protective device.
This is a painless procedure. If you start experiencing pain during the procedure, let our dentist know immediately.
Your root canal cost is quoted to you after an initial examination. Our dentist will determine the extent of the damage to your tooth and provide you with a price based on how many roots are holding the tooth in

########
Rank: 25
Score: 32.455887
Retrieved Text: It's easy to book online!
Smile Family Dental Care team offer a uniquely comfortable experience for the whole family. Whether you’re looking for a routine cleaning, x-rays, fillings, or extractions, we’re here to help.
With over 35 years of experience in general dentistry, we’ve seen it all. We focus on making your visit to the dentist a comfortable and enjoyable experience. We’re located on Main St in South Weymouth, walking distance from Gaslight Village and Greentree Condominums.
Why Smile Family Dental Care?
You’re in good hands — Our entire staff regularly participates in continuing education to stay up-to-date on the most recent developments in general dentistry. We’re graduates of some of the top dental schools in the country and we bring over 50 years of combined experience to the table.
Chances are you’ve never liked going to the dentist, we get that. We’ll do our best to make sure you’re completely comfortable along every step of the way to a healthy and brighter smile!
Our facility is state of the art, conveniently located and we are handicapped accessible. We use only digital x-rays and the most up to date methods of treatment.
We offer in-office and take home whitening systems guaranteed to provide our patients with the best possible results.
We’re here for you no matter what you need!
We're with you at every step. From locating cavities with x-rays and exams to taking care of routine fillings, we'll make sure the entire process is completely pain free.
We offer removable partial dentures, immediate dentures and full dentures depending on the patient's needs. Find out if

########
Rank: 26
Score: 32.190197
Retrieved Text: Sedation dentists are specially trained in the use of sedatives to create a deep state of relaxation or sleep in patients undergoing stressful procedures. A sedation dental specialist tranquilizes patients during treatment. Read below to learn more about why you need a sedation dentist.
Another type of sedation is oral conscious sedation, and this is similar to taking an aspirin. The oral sedative eases anxiety and induces a state of deep relaxation. This method does not cause the patient to lose consciousness, but they are going to experience a higher state of relaxation. It’s a very safe sedation technique and it’s unlikely you will have any memory of the procedure once it’s over.
Unfortunately, many people postpone major dental procedures due to fear. Phobic patients may seek temporary fixes that alleviate pain but do not eliminate the problem. The cost of these treatments adds up over time and becomes a problem. Knowing that sedation is available may encourage a phobic patient to schedule that major procedure and avoid the unnecessary expense of ineffective temporary fixes.
Dentists who give local anesthesia are trying to reduce pain. You will need to get a ride home, however, after the visit. Many people fear the needles used to inject a local anesthetic more than they fear the pain caused by a dental procedure. Both oral sedation and the use of nitrous oxide require absolutely zero contact with needles or perhaps the drawing of blood.
Sedation dentistry saves the time spent on one patient thus advantageous to the dentist too. Stubborn patients requires sedation to

########
Rank: 27
Score: 32.161854
Retrieved Text: And this is part four on medical treatment risks and chronic pain.
And you think, well, medical treatment, that's not necessarily environmental risk.
Well the reason I include it here, is because it does have an impact.
Or the risk factors are associated with our interaction with the environment.
We don't have it completely under our control.
Somebody else is doing something to us, and there's always a potential for risk.
whether it's other people or whether the physical or natural environment.
particularly surgery, can be a risk factor for chronic pain.
his, the colleagues in Lancet.
surgeries that can contribute to chronic pain after surgery.
people with chronic pain one year later, after the surgery.
the large the circle, is the larger the sample size in this study.
from a several percent, and this is what was reported in the literature.
Up to almost 30, 40% had surgery after, had chronic pain after the surgery.
So you can see breast pain after surgery, thoracotomy, and some of the other ones.
an extended period of time after surgery of the different types of surgeries.
people have pain one year later.
Amputation, all of these are a concern.
that it doesn't alleviate pain.
But sometimes the pain actually can be worse.
So, we have to be very cautious about surgery.
And there are a variety of risk factors for chronic pain after surgery.
And you can review these right here both history and co-morbid conditions.
I already mentioned that once.
nerve-sparing techniques, and the the type of surgery can all play a role.
to gain range of motion, particularly if it's a surgery of a joint or a bone.
scar tissue that causes

########
Rank: 28
Score: 32.153603
Retrieved Text: If a wisdom tooth doesn’t have room to grow (impacted wisdom tooth), resulting in pain, infection or other dental problems, you’ll likely need to have it pulled. Wisdom tooth extraction may be done by a dentist or an oral surgeon.
Many people develop impacted wisdom teeth — teeth that don’t have enough room to erupt into the mouth or develop normally. Impacted wisdom teeth may erupt only partially or not at all.
Dental specialists disagree about the value of extracting impacted wisdom teeth that aren’t causing problems (asymptomatic).
Your dentist may perform the procedure in the office. However, if your tooth is deeply impacted or if the extraction requires an in-depth surgical approach, your dentist may suggest you see an oral surgeon. In addition to making the area numb with local anesthetic, your surgeon may suggest sedation to allow you to be more comfortable during the procedure.
Local anesthesia. Your dentist or oral surgeon administers local anesthesia with one or more injections near the site of each extraction. Before you receive an injection, your dentist or surgeon will likely apply a substance to your gums to numb them. You’re awake during the tooth extraction. Although you’ll feel some pressure and movement, you shouldn’t experience pain.
Sedation anesthesia. Your dentist or oral surgeon gives you sedation anesthesia through an intravenous (IV) line in your arm. Sedation anesthesia suppresses your consciousness during the procedure. You don’t feel any pain and will have limited memory of the procedure. You’ll also receive local anesthesia to numb your gums.
General anesthesia. In special situations, you may be

########
Rank: 29
Score: 32.12218
Retrieved Text: What is a root canal? A root canal is a dental procedure in which a dentist removes the root/nerve of a tooth that has been infected, and then seals the canals. A root canal is necessary if you have a tooth that has had decay reaching the nerve of your tooth. Swelling, redness, and pain are the most common signs of a tooth that is infected and in need of a root canal. The pulp of your tooth is the center of your tooth and is where the living connective tissue resides which is what gets infected when you have deep decay in a tooth. If this happens, redness, swelling, and pain can occur, and the pulp will need to be removed. Dr. Phillip Greer at Sweetwater Dentistry, located in Fairhope, Alabama, performs Root Canal Treatment for patients that are in need of this procedure. Visit our website for more information about Root Canals and the other services offered here at Sweetwater Dentistry.
What happens during a root canal? During a root canal procedure, the dentist will use a drill to open up the tooth to the canals, which is where the pulp chamber lies. Once the dentist has access to the canals, he will then use different sizes of files to remove the infected nerve from the tooth. Once the infected nerve has been removed, the dentist will then disinfect the canals to ensure that all of the infection is gone. After that, the dentist will then seal the canals with a material called gutta percha.

================



======= Instance Index 3377 =========
Input Text: Read the following conversation and answer the question.

M: Hi. You're in the pink today. You must have had a nice new year holiday.

W: Yeah, I went to Qingdao and just came back yesterday.

M: Really? Did you go to see the Qingdao Olympic Sailing Center? I thought you were just shooting the breeze when you said you would go. How is it?

W: It's really amazing. During the 2007 Qingdao International Sailing Games, around 5,000 people came out to watch the competition every day along the seawall.

M: Newspapers say the design received high praise from the International Olympic Committee. The venue will be used for the 2008 Olympic Games.

W: Fortunately, I have been there already. It's a pity you're not going to see it.

M: Although I know my chances of getting an Olympic sailing ticket are slim, I'll keep trying anyway. Otherwise, I'm sure you'll nag me to death telling me about your experience there.

Question: Who went to see the Qingdao Olympic Sailing Center during the new year holiday? 

- The woman.

- The man.

- Both of them.

Target Text: The woman.

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 44.27308
Retrieved Text: Let’s Relax has expanded to China in 2016 in Kunming city, with the goal of bringing Thai’s way of relaxation and culture right to the Land of the Dragons. In 2018, Let’s Relax has opened another two branches in Qingdao and Tianjin.
Let’s Relax Spa Kunming represents the elegance of Thai style art accentuated with a blend of contemporary design.
Let’s Relax Spa Qingdao represents the Thai touches in all five senses. Located in Qingdao Olympic Sailing Center, The Spa comes in Simply Modern Design with Warm and Calm atmosphere.
The store locates in Qingdao International Sailing Center which belongs to the core business circle of Qingdao. Qingdao International Sailing Center is one of the 10 top scenic spots in Qingdao, the venue for the sailing events of the 2008 Summer Olympic Games, and also the best viewing location of spectacular “Autumnal Tide of Yan Island”. It closes to Qingdao city hall, and surrounded by HaiXin Square, Belle Plaza, Vientiane city, Ginza Mall and other high–end shopping malls. There are more than 10 five–star hotels including Haier Intercontinental Hotel around. The city history card “May Wind” building and other famous buildings also encircle it.
Luxuriate the authentic Thai Spa Experiences at Let’s Relax Tianjin. Located in a new Shopping Mall, Luneng CC Plaza, the Spa comes in Oriental Thai Design with Warm and Calm atmosphere.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 43.924774
Retrieved Text: Mazarin 72ft sport-leisure sailing boat, a combination of racing genes and luxury style, inherited the characteristics of German i..
A Breakthrough Innovation: Pirate 72ft Saili..
The Clipper Race fleet reached Qingdao on March 10th, 2016. Twelv..
New Year, New Boat!—A ..
Only after a month since it completion, the brand new Mazarin 66ft motor yacht is now shining at Olympic Sailing Center. The custo..
Xiangsheng Wang, Qingjun Liu and Mingyue Liu (father and daughter..
Qingdao—“the city of sailing boat” sponsored “Qingdao” boat for s..
Mazarin attend 2016 Miami International Boat..
Following its debut at 2015 Miami International Boat Show, Mazarin 72ft Sports Fly motor yacht was presented at the waters of 2016..
Mazarin 72 Sailing Boat is a harmonious combination of sport spirit and leisure style. So far it is unprecedented on size, configu..
Carbon fiber reinforced Mazarin 66 sports mo..

########
Rank: 2
Score: 43.29145
Retrieved Text: Day 12 of the 2008 Olympic Sailing Competition brought delight for the host nation as windsurfer Jian YIN won China's first ever gold medal in sailing, whilst New Zealand triumphed in the Men's RS:X.
Jian YIN (CHN) went one better than the silver medal she won at the Athens Games with a thrilling comeback to finish third in the Women's RS:X Medal Race and win gold by a single point. Coming into the slalom course at the finish she was lying in fifth but, cheered on by thousands of spectators along the breakwater at the Qingdao Olympic Sailing Center, she regained the vital two places she needed. Alessandra SENSINI of Italy won the Medal Race to claim silver, becoming the first female to ever win four Olympic sailing medals, whilst bronze went to Bryony SHAW (GBR), Britain's fifth medal of this Olympic Sailing Competition.
In the Men's RS:X Medal Race Tom ASHLEY (NZL) sailed superbly to add Olympic gold to the World Championship title he won earlier this year. Julien BONTEMPS of France won silver, with Israel's Shahar ZUBARI taking the bronze.
Further out the Star and Tornado fleets both completed the final three races of their Opening Series in fresh 10-15 knot breezes. Ahead of their Medal Races on Thursday the standings are tight at the top of both fleets. In the Tornado, Fernando ECHAVARRI and Anton PAZ (ESP) lead Darren BUNDOCK and Glenn ASHBY (AUS) by three points, whilst just two separate Fredrik LOOF and Anders EKSTROM (SWE) and Iain PERCY and Andrew SIMPSON (GBR) in the

########
Rank: 3
Score: 42.15506
Retrieved Text: Qingdao Kunlun Gloria Seaview Resort, the second hotel being managed by Gloria Hotels and Resorts under its resort brand following the opening of Gloria Garden Resort in Qingdao earlier this year, has recently held its grand opening.
Qingdao Kunlun Gloria Seaview Resort is located in the east prime center of Qingdao City, which was formerly the Qingdao Olympic Sailing Center as well as the Olympic Village. The resort neighbors to May Forth Square, a popular sightseeing spot in Qingdao and is conveniently accessible to the City Government building, shopping malls and office buildings.
The 122 unit resort boasts of variety sea view rooms. For meetings and events there are a 200-square-meter multifunctional room and two 100-square-meters meeting rooms to accommodate various meeting needs. The resort's theme restaurant, "Sea of People" covers an area of 2,000-square-meters and other facilities in the resort include an indoor swimming pool, a breakfast room, "Gelaimei" family KTV and foot reflexology.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 41.2744
Retrieved Text: Qingdao—“the city of sailing boat” sponsored “Qingdao” boat for six consecutive years to compete in Clipper Round the World Race. The participation and outstanding performance of Qingdao crew drives up the enthusiasm among the public for the sailing activities.
Mazarin—the builder of the 12 Clipper racing boats, are proud of its outstanding performance and quality showed in the races for the past 4 years. At the Olympic Sailing Center, Mazarin received loads of compliments from professional racers on the safety of the boats.
Mingyue Liu, a 20 years old freshman who major in Ship Engineering, is the youngest crewmember of “Qingdao” boat. When the Chairman of Mazarin (Qingdao) Shipyard—Mr. Yanwei Mao came on board she got excited, and she asked: “Are you the Mazarin that build all these boats?”, “Is there any chance that I could work as an intern at your company in the future?” Mr. Mao liked her vitalized sprite and said YES.
Mr. Mao invited her and her father who is also competing in the Clipper Race to visit Mazarin shipyard and to check out the upcoming Mazarin 72ft sport-leisure sailing boat. They were very excited and grinned from ear to ear.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 40.528427
Retrieved Text: The city of Qingdao is ready to receive the Clipper Race fleet for the sixth consecutive edition and remains just as excited as it was in 2006, officials revealed at a packed press conference today overlooking the Olympic sailing venue.
Mr Ji went on to explain that ‘The Sailing City • Qingdao Cup’ marks the latest in a series of firsts that the city has achieved with the Clipper Race over the time of its partnership, from being the first Chinese City to host the race and name a team, to introducing its first Chinese Sailor Guo Chuan, and the first Chinese woman to sail around the world, Vicky Song.
The city is clearly excited to see the race back ‘home’ where the latest fleet was built, and has planned a big welcome ceremony, prize giving and many cultural events where the crew can experience modern life in Qingdao.
Speaking on behalf of the Clipper Race, Jonathan Levy, our Global Business and Communications Director, thanked Mr Ji and told the media that he had seen the huge impact the Clipper Race had had on Qingdao.
He said: “We are very pleased to have worked with Qingdao as our longest consecutive Host Port and Team Sponsor, to help you achieve a prominent position as China’s Sailing City and to build a strong legacy. Initially we were the first international sailing event to come to Qingdao and now you have established a strong calendar of sailing regattas.
“This has extended to the ‘blue’ marine economy, supporting the growing maritime sector. In 2012 the

########
Rank: 6
Score: 39.059174
Retrieved Text: The stakes at ISAF Sailing World Cup Qingdao, taking place from 14-20 September 2015, will be raised with Rio 2016 Olympic Sailing Competition places on the line.
As the Asian continental qualification regatta for the Men's and Women's 470, Finn and Nacra 17 the competition in Qingdao is set to be fierce with a depth of international sailing talent within the respective fleets. Alongside Olympic qualification, more than 240 sailors from 37 nations will be gunning for a share of the $150,000 USD prize fund, ISAF Sailing World Cup Final spots as well as a World Cup medal.
Qingdao will be the final chance for Asian Nacra 17 sailors to qualify for Rio 2016 after 13 spots were distributed at the 2014 ISAF Worlds and 2015 Nacra 17 Worlds. The 470 and Finn sailors will have another opportunity later on in the year at their respective World Championships.
The last time an Asian crew, who weren't representing the host nation, sailed in an Olympic multihull competition was Seoul 1988 as Naoyuki Ogawa and Takashi Tamura flew the Japanese flag on their Tornado. Fast forward to 2015 and crews from China, Hong Kong, Japan, Singapore and Thailand have an opportunity to qualify for an Olympic Games outright and on merit.
Japan's Hiroki Goto and Wakako Tabata arguably come into the regatta as the pair to beat. Goto and Tabata finished ahead of Justin Liu and Denise Lim (SIN) by two spots at the 2015 Nacra 17 Worlds and five clear of Hong Kong's Tat Choi Fund and Yu Ting Chan.
Goto has

########
Rank: 7
Score: 38.710033
Retrieved Text: Sailing was first introduced to the Paralympic Games in 1996 as a demonstration sport, and in 2000 US athletes competed for medals at the Paralympic Games in Sydney.
Three boats are typically raced in the Paralympic Games: the 2.4mR, a single-person keelboat, the SKUD-18, a two-person keelboat and the Sonar, a three-person keelboat. The high performance SKUD-18 makes its Paralympic debut in 2008 in the coastal city of Qingdao, China.
According to the International Foundation for Disabled Sailing (IFDS), a SKUD-18 team must include one female and one person deemed a Functional Classification System (FCS) "1," or severely disabled, like a quadriplegic. Sailors are seated on the centerline for Paralympic events, but the boat can be sailed with or without either of the seats and configured to suit different sailors’ needs.
Sailing events for the 2012 Paralympics were held at Weymouth and Portland National Sailing Academy on the south coast of England.
Sailing events for the 2008 Paralympics were held at the Qingdao International Sailing Center.
Sailing events for the 2004 Paralympics were held at the Agios Kosmas Olympic Sailing Centre in Athens.
Sailing events for the 2000 Paralympics were held at the Darling Point Cruising Yacht Club of Australia.
Sailing events for the 1996 Olympic Games were held Lake Lanier near Atlanta as a Demonstration Event.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 36.77247
Retrieved Text: It was a tooth-and-nail day as sailors competing in the finals of US SAILING's ISAF Grade 1 Rolex Miami OCR fought it out on Biscayne Bay for medals in the 11 Olympic events. The USA led the way with victories in the 49er and Yngling, whilst the remaining nine gold medals went to nine different nations.
The sun shone brilliantly and the winds blew 8-10 knots, providing a perfect wrap up for the competition, which hosted more sailors - 855 from 49 countries - than it ever has in its 18 year history. After five days of fleet racing, which concluded on Friday, medallists were determined in three Paralympic classes. The top ten overall finishers in the Olympic Classes advanced to Saturday's single Medal Race, replicating the new Olympic format that will debut in Qingdao, China in 2008.
USA Sailors took home three medals in the Olympic Classes and three in the Paralyampic Classes. Three of them were gold.
For 49er sailors Morgan LARSON and Pete SPAULDING (USA), who were in bronze medal position going into the Medal Race, it took some impressive plays to make the top step of the podium theirs. When overnight leaders and Olympic Champions Iker MARTINEZ and Xabier FERNANDEZ (ESP) started prematurely and failed to turn back, the gold medal was wide open.
LARSON and SPAULDING quickly covered Tim WADLOW and Christopher RAST (USA), fellow US Sailing Team members, who were one position ahead of them in overall scoring, and forced them to the course's far right corner. However, the left side of the course

########
Rank: 9
Score: 35.36728
Retrieved Text: On 22 May, the first separate event of "Infinitus 2010 World Walking Day (China)" took place at Qingdao Olympic Sailing Center. More than 5000 people attended, including Mr. Wang Xiulin, Deputy Mayor of Qingdao, Mr. Li Ming, Assistant Secretary of Qingdao, Mr. Peng Yi'nian, Director General of Qingdao Municipal Bureau of Sport, Mr. Li Shuguang, Deputy Director of Qingdao Municipal Bureau of Sport, Mr. Harry Yeung, Senior Vice President of LKK Health Products Group, Asian Games champion Ms. Huang Xiaoxiao, participants from Qingdao municipal organizations, embassy, enterprises, the overseas students, civilians and Infinitus business partners. They walked together and promoted the theme of the event, "Enjoy Walking, Enjoy Fitness".
In spite of the rain that day, the participants were very active and the walking path was strewn with umbrellas. Mr. Harry Yeung and Mr. Li Shuguang took the lead and finished all the 7.5 kilometers.
Many local major media covered the event, including QTV, SDTV, Peninsula City News, and Qilu Evening News. The barefoot-walking and the couple group attracted the most attention.
With the success in Qingdao, "Infinitus 2010 World Walking Day (China)" gets off to a good start. And the following separate events in Shenyang, scheduled for 6 June, are expected to be smoother with the experience gained in Qingdao. The walking event in Qingdao, which was joined by many people, shows that walking has earned the reputation as a simple and healthy exercise.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 35.107944
Retrieved Text: Yachting dates back to 17th Century in Holland which was used for exploration, goods and personal transportation. In 1851, the first pleasure yachting regatta was held in Cowes, U.K., the predecessor of today’s America’s Cup. Established in 1884, the French Beneteau was the origin of N1 races. The American Powerboat Association and the International Sailing Association, which has 120 participating countries, were established in 1903 and 1907 respectively.
In Asia, sailing has been growing in popularity alongside economic development. Sailing which adds value to one’s lifestyle has risen fast among the middle class. Sailing activities have substantially grown in places like Phuket; Thailand; Singapore; Hainan and Qingdao, China. Phuket has even become the destination for European yachts during winter time. Hong Kong,Singapore and Qingdao all host an assortment of sailing events such as the Louis Vuitton Cup, Extreme 40's, Volvo Ocean Race and the Clipper Round the World Yacht Race.
The Chinese Government has relaxed their policies in recent years to encourage the construction of new marinas, reduced costs for yachts and even hosted the sailing events of the 2008 Olympic Games in Qingdao. It is also vigorously promoting Hainan for international tourism, and for large racing events such as Volvo Ocean Race, the Clipper Round the World Yacht Race and China Cup.
As a tropical country, Thailand’s climate is beneficial to the development of sailing. Coupled with the government’s active promotion, major races in the country now include the King’s Cup held in December and Koh Samui Regatta. Although no large international events have been held in Thailand

########
Rank: 11
Score: 34.956722
Retrieved Text: Yin Jian of China won the women's RS:X windsurfing event in Qingdao Wednesday to give China its first ever Olympic sailing gold, dpa reported.
The 29-year-old silver medallist from Athens four years ago kept her nerve to claim victory ahead of Italy's Alessandra Sensini. Bryony Shaw of Great Britain took bronze.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 34.919197
Retrieved Text: Times of the Olympic Games after the market of incoming declare travel September is started formally, the Olympic Games swims after the product rises to surface gradually.
Travel agent of Shenzhen great majority swims with new Beijing start shooting hind the Olympic Games swims an artillery piece, the price is compared cereal peak period is almost cheap in August half, return at ordinary times level. It is reported, new Beijing You Han built element of a lot of Olympic Games, park of cubic metre of bird's nest, water, Olympic make the land that reachs surely. Travel agent reminds, the citizen visits Beijing at the beginning of September, not only the price is the most substantial, and can experience relatively full-bodied Olympic Games atmosphere.
Deep boat holiday " 7 days of trains of new Beijing double lie character swims " , quote 2380 yuan, zhou Er, Zhou Wufa is round, on the foundation that swims in common Beijing, special arrangement car swims 2008 Olympic Games advocate house -- , bird's nest exterior, and gymnasium of natatorium of center of water cubic metre, abstruse body, Yingdong, undergraduate. Element of include Olympic Games, become new Beijing to swim the product is the mainest feature.
Huang Limei of manager of deep boat holiday tells a reporter, although Beijing still will hold damage on September 6 abstruse meeting, but affect without what almost to the price of the product, "What regret exclusively is, still cannot enter interior of cubic of bird's nest, water to undertake visiting in September, want incomplete probably abstruse meeting ends,

########
Rank: 13
Score: 34.894424
Retrieved Text: Team Oman Air skipper Phil Robertson says his crew's unrivalled experience could prove vital to victory in the second round of the Extreme Sailing Series as the fleet heads to the famously tricky waters of Qingdao, China.
Known worldwide for hosting sailing at the 2008 Beijing Olympics, Qingdao is notorious for its ability to catch crews off guard with a fickle breeze that can go from next to nothing to gale force in a matter of minutes.
What's more, the prevailing winds blow through the city's skyline creating an uneven racecourse full of wind holes that can reward or punish teams in equal measure.
While Kiwi sailor Robertson has only competed on Fushan Bay twice previously, Oman Air stalwarts Pete Greenhalgh and Ed Smyth know its quirks all too well having sailed there every year since its Extreme Sailing Series debut in 2011.
It's this deep understanding that could give Oman Air a welcome advantage over their rivals as they look to better their third-place finish in the Extreme Sailing Series' opening Act on their home waters of Muscat last month.
“All in all the first Act was a massive success for us as a new team with a new dynamic,” said Robertson, who took over the helm of Oman Air at the start of the 2017 season. “It all went really well – we all got on brilliantly and I really like the sailing style of the guys so we're all happy.
“However Qingdao is a totally different beast to Muscat – it can throw anything at you. It has a

########
Rank: 14
Score: 34.55051
Retrieved Text: Located in the Laoshan District district of Qingdao, just 3.8 km from Qingdao Municipal Museum, Qingdao Laoshan·Stone Old Man Bathing Beach· Locals Apartment 00147500 provides air conditioning and free WiFi. This property is 7 km from Polar Ocean World. This apartment is fitted with 2 bedrooms, a fully equipped kitchen, a dining area and a TV. Tstingtao Brewery is 11 km from the apartment, while Olympic Sailing Centre is 12 km away. Qingdao Liuting International Airport is 24 km from the property.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 34.518982
Retrieved Text: I just spent three days in Qingdao, a coastal city in Shangdong province, 550km (340 mi) southeast of Beijing as the crow flies. I wasn’t there as a tourist (I went to speak to a youth group there, more on that later) but I managed to notice the city a little anyway.
Initially, Qingdao looked like any Chinese city, although obviously not as big and busy as Beijing. But I quickly realised that Qingdao was geographically different, and well before I saw the ocean it sits beside. Qingdao has HILLS! Streets curve up, down and around natural hills. Low rocky peaks preside over various parts of the city. Accustomed as I am to the dead flat plain of Beijing, with its almost unrelieved grid of north-south and east-west roads, this was a fun change. I nearly wrote “a breath of fresh air” but that would have been a little off. Qingdao certainly suffers from air pollution; not as bad as Beijing, perhaps, but it seems that the past 6 months has seen some of the worst air long-term residents can remember.
I enjoyed looking out at the ocean while driving around, especially seeing the seaside boardwalk from Hai Kou Lu. It was strange, however, to watch an entire ocean disappear into a greyish smog haze. The sights of yachts in Darling Harbour was surreal – I do not associate luxury boats with China! And it felt so strange that the bay shares its name with a famous harbour in Sydney. A large set of Olympic rings was unmissable,

########
Rank: 16
Score: 34.347946
Retrieved Text: Act 3 of the current Extreme 40 World Series of high performance stadium style regattas, offered spectators the kind of visual thrills that even Formula 1 Grand Prix and motorcycle racing can hardly match.
If it was the intention of the series organisers to bring yacht racing to a new level that captures the imagination of watching crowds and online video viewers, they certainly seem to have succeeded in the three events staged so far. And none more so than in ‘no holds barred,’ high adrenalin dual that took place during early May, in the former Olympic sailing city of Qingdao!
On the final days racing at the Land Rover Extreme Sailing Series™, Act 3 the city course lived up to its reputation as a notorious and unpredictable challenge even for the best sailors on the planet. It even had one of the biggest crashes in the Series’ eight-year history, that saw Red Bull Sailing Team T-bone Alinghi, and knock the Swiss out of racing. But this couldn’t stop the team of Morgan Larson, Anna Tunnicliffe, Nils Frei, Pierre-Yves Jorand and Yves Detrey.
Eventually they took the victory despite watching the final races from the dock, after the international jury awarded the Swiss boat a redress, to helmsman Larson’s great relief. On the final day, Britain’s sailing hero Sir Ben Ainslie and his crew showed the gold medal winning form that they have been struggling to find so far, with two race wins.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 34.021435
Retrieved Text: "There is so much quality here and such a great deal at stake, and we look forward to some very exciting racing," said H.E. Ahmed Thane Al Romaithi, Chairman, Abu Dhabi Sailing and Yacht Club, hosts of the regatta and of today's official press conference, and Vice-President, UAE Sailing & Rowing Federation.
The 2015 ISAF Sailing World Cup Final, which climaxes the prestigious annual series of Olympic sailing for elite and professional sailors, is staged with the additional support of Abu Dhabi Sports Council and Abu Dhabi Tourism & Culture Authority.
Among those strongly fancied to strike gold for a second year in Abu Dhabi are the formidable Australian combination of Mat Belcher, the 2014 World Cup gold medallist and 2012 Olympic gold medallist, and Will Ryan, who helped him capture his sixth successive 470 title at the recently concluded World Championships.
No-one enjoyed their gold medal-winning visit to Abu Dhabi more last year than Belgium's Evi Van Acker who returns looking for another Laser Radial triumph.
Meanwhile, Austria's Lara Vadlau and Jolanta Ogar are back to defend their title in the women's 470 class after being pushed all the way last year, while Britain's Bryony Shaw seeks a second successive gold medal in the women's RS:X class.
Britain's Oliver Bridge basically blew away the competition in Abu Dhabi last year to clinch the kiteboard title but can expect a tough title defence over a short track format.
Abu Dhabi Sailing and Yacht Club is staging the final regatta in a series which started in Melbourne, Australia last December before continuing with

########
Rank: 18
Score: 33.75418
Retrieved Text: On 6 October the USA's top Olympic and Paralympic hopefuls will sail to starting lines on the east and west coasts to compete in the do-or-die US Olympic & Paralympic Team Trials.
Coordinated by US SAILING and six host organizations, this winner-takes-all regatta determines which sailors will represent the USA at the 2008 Olympic and Paralympic Games. Upon approval from the US Olympic Committee (USOC), the athletes who win the Trials will be named to the US Olympic and Paralympic Teams. The regatta concludes on Sunday 14 October.
According to Dean BRENNER, chairman of US SAILING's Olympic Sailing Committee, the ability to select the Olympic and Paralympic teams concurrently in 11 classes and nearly a year before the 2008 Games will have a great benefit to the US team.
"Up until this point, the focus of the Olympic Sailing Committee has been preparing all our athletes for these Trials," said BRENNER. "But once the Trials are over, we will all shift into the next phase together, as a team - and the focus of our energies and resources becomes concentrated on those sailors who will represent our country at the 2008 Games."
Among the 240 sailors competing at the Trials, the diversity in sailing resumes is vast. From Star sailors Mark REYNOLDS (San Diego, Calif.) and crew Hal HAENEL (Los Angeles, Calif.), who have already raced two Olympic-medal performances together (REYNOLDS captured a third medal in 2000), to young sailors to watch - such as Lake Forest high school student Anne HAEGER, who captured a silver medal at this summer's

########
Rank: 19
Score: 33.331497
Retrieved Text: The Sailing Cook Islands (formally the Cook Islands Yachting Federation Inc.) President Thomas Davis reports on the past twelve months of sailing activities in the Cook Islands.
It is with great sadness that I have to record the recent passing of our Treasurer Peter Stenson. Peter was a tireless worker for the sport of Sailing, the manager to the last 3 national teams that have competed at the South Pacific and Olympic Games and a sailor across all classes. Peter will be remembered for his generous contribution to the development of Sailing in the Cook Islands and we shall miss you Peter, for a long time to come. We pass our deepest sympathy to the Stenson family, and in particular to Daniel and Barbara and we pray that you receive comfort, strength and courage in this time of sadness.
My first praise would be for Turia Vogel who has improved on her Olympic Mistral Class qualification last year, to compete in the 2000 Olympic event at the Sydney Games, gaining a credible 22nd placing along with a ISAF World ranking of 37th. I would also like to mention my appreciation for the efforts put in by Turia's Manager the late Peter Stenson, her coach Lachlan Gilbert together with the funding achievements obtained by our Federation to enable Turia to achieve her Olympic goal. It is also noteworthy to record here that Cook Islands Sports & Olympic Association awarded "woman athlete of the year" to Turia at their Annual sports awards last year.
Kiwi Olympian, Bruce Kendall, was engaged to

########
Rank: 20
Score: 33.250046
Retrieved Text: HHCP’s Art-Topia complex in Qingdao, China, will soon debut as the city prepares to host the sailing events of the 2008 Olympic Games. Prominently featured on Qingdao’s beautiful Pacific coastline, Art-Topia will be a place of many ‘firsts.” As the world’s first interactive arts center, Art-Topia will enable visitors to discover art in its many forms: displayed in the galleries…produced on-site by professional artists…and created by the visitors themselves. And now Art-Topia will have the honor of another first: the initial satellite location of the prestigious National Art Museum of China.
The design for the interior atrium of the new NAMOC facility will present the same classic sculptural attributes of form, color, light and motion that shaped the design of the entire Art-Topia complex. Natural light washing through the entry and atrium will create a dramatic effect as light and shadow play across the sculpted interior form. Here, visitors will encounter a trio of intriguing sculptures conceived by HHCP titled “1-PART,” “4-ART,” and “2-PLAY”—the last of which doubles as a children’s interactive climbing structure.
According to NAMOC Director Fan Di’an, “…the spectacular architecture of Art-Topia was a key factor” in the decision to select Qingdao for the first sister city expansion of China’s world renowned museum. For Art-Topia’s visitors, that architecture will soon serve as an invitation to explore the possibilities of art in an engaging new way.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 33.07545
Retrieved Text: The Executive Board (EB) of the International Olympic Committee (IOC) will meet in Lausanne, Switzerland from 26-28 October 2005. The agenda will include a meeting with the Athletes' Commission and the Association of National Olympic Committees (ANOC).
The EB will also hear the reports from the IOC Directors and Commissions, as well as updates on the organization of the forthcoming Games. All meetings will take place at the IOC headquarters in Vidy.
On the second day of meetings the EB will hear reports from the Beijing 2008 and London 2012 Olympic Games, where the Olympic Sailing Competitions will be held in Qingdao and Weymouth respectively. The meetings will finish with a press conference with IOC President Jacques ROGGE (BEL), an excellent sailor himself, who won the Belgian championship 16 times and represented his nation at three Olympic Games.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 32.198925
Retrieved Text: Just under 90 Stars lined up on Kiel Fjord on Monday for the first day of Rolex Baltic Week and the Star Class 2009 European Championships.
With 11 out of the top 12 teams on the current ISAF World Sailing Rankings taking part the competition was always going to be hot, with the Olympic contenders immediately resuming the battle they began in Qingdao last August - and some of them are clearly out for revenge.
The 86 Star keelboats had a tense start to proceedings, with a two-hour delay before the start of racing as committee and competitors waited for the weather to settle. After a cloudy, drizzly morning a new weather front came through at lunchtime as predicted, bringing sun and around 18 knots of west southwesterlies.
The top quality fleet finally got underway after three postponements due to the shifting winds, and with the startline packed with ultra-competitive teams the Black Flag was brought into force - four helms fell foul of crossing the startline early, including Diego NEGRI (ITA).
Monday's single race was a two-lap windward-leeward course, with each leg around 2 nautical miles. In gusty conditions the Stars were powered up and sometimes overpowered, with two boats dismasted - Mats JOHANSSON and Leif MOLLER (SWE) were first to lose theirs - and several teams reporting damage or torn sails.
The early leaders were Kunio SUZUKI and Daichi WADA (JPN). The former Olympic Laser sailor had a textbook first beat, judging every wind shift correctly to show the fleet around the first top mark. Behind them all three

########
Rank: 23
Score: 32.177147
Retrieved Text: Despite cooler-than-normal temperatures in Southern Florida, 526 athletes sailing 328 boats generated their own kind of competitive heat yesterday as they began racing in the 2003 Rolex Miami OCR.
The global importance of this, the first Grade 1 event this year in the northern hemisphere, which hosts competition in 11 Olympic and Paralympic classes, is evident in the number of foreign sailors -- representing 34 countries -- lured here by the knowledge that they would find excellent competition against the best American sailors.
More than half of the 328 boats sailing are foreign entries. Canada has the largest contingent with 55 entries, followed by Germany with 13, and Great Britain with 12. In its 14th year, the Rolex Miami OCR features six racing circles on Biscayne Bay, providing a spectacular show for spectators as well as high-rise dwellers.
Sixty-eight Stars make for the largest class at this year's event and perhaps the most intriguing line-up of internationally recognized sailing names. Olympians from Greece, Ireland and Switzerland are among the foreign entries, who comprise over half the fleet, but it was Peter Bromby of Sandys, BER, who leads after three races today.
US sailors are already at the top of the scoreboard in seven classes. Skipper Meg Gaillard of Jamestown, R.I. leads the Europe fleet, while Steve Hunt of San Diego, Calif. leads 470 Men's; Katie McDowell of Barrington, R.I. tops 470 Women's; and Andy Mack, White Salmon, Wash., leads the 49ers.
In the Laser class, Mark Mendleblatt (St. Petersburg, Fla.), came straight from his One World America's Cup campaign to take

########
Rank: 24
Score: 31.73256
Retrieved Text: With 400 athletes competing in 272 boats in 11 events across five race course areas, running the racing at the 2008 Olympic Sailing Competition is a highly skilled operation.
Of the team of International Technical Officers (ITO) at the Qingdao Olympic Sailing Center, the ISAF Olympic Race Management Team is tasked with running the races on Fushan Bay. Back in November 2005, ISAF International Race Officers (IROs) were invited to apply for a position in the ITO pool from which the Race Management Team was selected. Over the past two years, the Olympic Test Events in 2006 and 2007 have given the Race Management Team the opportunity to familiarise themselves with the conditions and challenges of Fushan Bay and to work with the National Technical Officers.
Charley COOK (USA) is the chair of the team, with John PARRISH (NZL) as Vice-Chair. In total 26 IROs form the Race Management Team, representing 18 different nations from Asia, Europe, Ocean and North and South America. The Race Management team for this Games includes many well known names from around the world and by working with the National Technical Officers in China they help to leave a valuable legacy of the skills and experience required to run races at this level.
One of the most recognisable faces amongst the Race Management Team is Peter REGGIO (USA), Race Officer for the Finn and Ynglings and better known as 'Luigi'. REGGIO is a professional Race Officer, with one of the most impressive CVs in all of sailing. As well as years of experience in

########
Rank: 25
Score: 31.323425
Retrieved Text: ISAF has collaborated with Olympic Solidarity to provide technical training programs in several different countries, one of which was the Cook Islands. The aim is to help sailors improve their sailing skills through coaching, practice and racing.
The Cook Islands are situated approximately in the center of the South Pacific Ocean. They comprise 15 islands scattered over 850,000 square miles of this vast ocean. The total population is under 20,000 people. Rarotonga is the capital and main center of the self-government, granted by New Zealand in 1965. This is a unique system of association with the once colonial master. It seems to have worked for these happy Polynesian people, who have just celebrated, this week, 32 years of this association with New Zealand.
Sailing is administered through the Cook Islands Yachting Federation, formed six years ago to better serve sailing in international and regional activities.
This OSC was held in Rarotonga and on the island of Aitutaki, between 30th July and 2nd August, in conjunction with the school holidays. It will be held at the Rarotonga Sailing Club culminating in the Rarotonga Optimist Championships. Then followed by a week in Aitutaki, 120 miles north, by sea, of Rarotonga, ending with the National Optimist Championships, in their fantastic lagoon setting.
The emphasis of this OSC is on the basics of sailing skills, rules and rigging tips for junior sailors and coaches. It is also focused on race management to level 2 and 3 where all the tuition is put into practice with the Rarotonga Optimist Championships, then in Aitutaki with the

########
Rank: 26
Score: 31.172182
Retrieved Text: Paul FOERSTER (USA) and his crew Kevin BURNHAM (USA.), along with Jody SWANSON (USA) were yesterday presented with the prestigious 2004 Rolex Yachtsman and Yachtswoman of the Year Awards.
A panel of sailing journalists selected the sailors for the distinction from the longest shortlist in recent years 13 nominees for the Rolex Yachtsman and nine nominees for the Rolex Yachtswoman. Ultimately, the deliberations of the panel recognized the stand-alone performances turned in by the respective winners. Although historically individuals are considered for the award, the numerous nominations submitted by the membership of US SAILING were overwhelmingly consistent for Foerster and Burnham as a team.
Established in 1961 by US SAILING and sponsored by Rolex Watch U.S.A. since 1980, the Rolex Yachtsman and Yachtswoman of the Year Awards recognize outstanding on-the-water achievement in the calendar year just concluded. The winners will be honoured and presented with specially engraved Rolex timepieces at a February 25, 2005, luncheon at the New York Yacht Club in Manhattan.
Finding Great Britain in a vulnerable position two minutes before the start, Foerster and Burnham trapped them into a tacking duel that saw the two boats cross the starting line well behind the rest of the fleet, much to the amazement or dismay, depending on allegiance of the massive spectator fleet. The ensuing match race was a flawless lesson in tactics by Foerster and Burnham. They covered their rivals around the course and across the finish line where otherwise dismal finishes of 22nd (USA) and 23rd (GBR) determined who stood on the center podium. When the

########
Rank: 27
Score: 31.075523
Retrieved Text: Xiangsheng Wang, Qingjun Liu and Mingyue Liu (father and daughter), the Chinese crew of “Qingdao” boat of the 2015-16 Clipper Round the World Boat Race, and several reporters visited the ship builder of the Clipper boats—Mazarin (Qingdao) Shipyard on March 17th, 2016. They explored the overall strength of “made in Qingdao” and the upcoming Mazarin 72ft sport-leisure sailing boat.
When Mazarin met with Clipper the dream is never far away. The 12 70ft racing boats that have been racing for the past two years, were all build by Mazarin (Qingdao) Shipyard. This is the first time that professional grand sailing boats built in China were used in a international round the world boat race.
On Dec 26th, 2012, the first “made in Qingdao” Clipper 70ft sailing boat was launched in Qianwan Port, Huangdao District, Qingdao. A year later, the 12 racing boats set sail from London and started the journey of Clipper Round the World Race. Compliments from the racers and medias proved that they are paragons of sailing boats. The boats adopt a unique streamlined appearance. Their sailing speed could reach 18knots without any power. The hull as a whole is vacuum infusioned , so the weight is 20% less compare with that of conventional process. Many parts of the hull are reinforced with carbon fibers. The fact that they are still competing in the race proves their quality and reliability.
Mazarin 72 Sailing Yacht is a harmonious combination of sport spirit and leisure style. So far it is unprecedented on size, configuration and quality in China. Not

########
Rank: 28
Score: 31.048847
Retrieved Text: In 2002 an 11 year old boy from the town of Fort Beaufort – Asenathi Jim – experienced sailing on a Bosun for the first time in Simonstown whilst attending the Isivunguvungu sailing school. Jim was on holiday visiting his mother who worked in Cape Town and, despite not being able to swim, was hooked on the sport.
Asenathi Jim spent his formative years in Fort Beaufort with his grandfather and returned to Cape Town permanently in 2003 to pursue his new love of sailing.
“I just loved being in the ocean. I didn’t care that I couldn’t swim at the time,” says Jim, who is known as Squirrel.
Jim asked his mother to stay on at Red Hill township near Simonstown, and she agreed.
Jim credited Roger and his team-mates’ father, Dave Hudson, a 1992 Olympic sailor, and former Olympian sailor Ian Ainslie among the “experienced sailors around me” who nurtured and showed him the way around the sea in a boat.
The sailing development centre is based in the port town of Simon’s Town and provides activities, educational assistance and adventure opportunities to disadvantaged youth as part of a community-development programme.
It was established in 2001 by Ainslie and Matthew Mentz, a highly qualified ocean skipper and instructor.
“This sport offers an amazing experience but it needs determination and sacrifices to succeed because it can be harsh sometimes,” said Jim, a father to a two-year-old boy.
Jim’s first international regatta was the 2010 Youth World Championships sailed in Istanbul, Turkey. He sailed in a 420 along with crew Ashwynn Daniels and secured

########
Rank: 29
Score: 30.936237
Retrieved Text: Italy's Diego ROMERO is back at the top of the leaderboard in the Men's One Person Dinghy - Laser event at the 2008 Olympic Sailing Competition, with just ten points covering the top nine skippers.
Diego ROMERO (ITA) regains the overall lead after coming in 10th in race 5 on Saturday. With five races of the Laser Opening Series now completed, each sailors can exclude their worst score from their points total, meaning ROMERO can drop the 36 points he picked up in race 4. Friday's overall leader Paul GOODISON (GBR) falls back from first to fourth overall, although he is just three points behind ROMERO.
Only one of Saturday's three planned races went ahead owing to light, shifting winds. Croatia's Luka RADELIC won the race, whilst ROMERO staged a fantastic comeback after being buried at the start.
"I'm building up my confidence gradually," ROMERO said after the race. "To become a champion you have to feel like a champion first."
Rasmus MYRGREN (SWE) finished eighth in race 5 and held on to second place overall, whilst Athens bronze medallist, Vasilij ZBOGAR (SLO), has moved up from sixth into third after scoring second in the race. The Slovenian appears to be peaking at a crucial time of the competition - the halfway stage.
"I got very lucky picking the right side of the course where there was wind. There was a moment when I thought I would lose, but luckily the wind shifted and I caught up," he said.
GOODISON, the winner of both Test Events in Qingdao, is now fourth after

================



======= Instance Index 48 =========
Input Text: Read the following conversation and answer the question.

Norman: Hey, neighbor. How's it going?

Shawn: Fine. How about you?

Norman: Okay. Huh, by the way, my wife and I are going out of town this weekend, and I was wondering if you could take care of some of our animals while we're gone. You know our dog, Jaws, don't you?

Shawn: Yeah. My leg still hurts from the last incident.

Norman: Hey, he's just a playful little beast.

Shawn: Right.

Norman: Hey, he likes to bark a little, and his bark is worse than his bite.

Shawn: Oh yeah.

Norman: Just feed him a can of dog food a day, and make sure he has plenty of water in his dish. [Oh] And then, take him for a walk around the block.

Shawn: Well, how about if I just throw a Frisbee over the fence to give him some exercise? Wouldn't that work?

Norman: Ah, and then, he likes to watch the 3:00 soap opera on Channel 4 [What?] ... and brush his teeth after you give you some doggie treats around 4:00.

Shawn: Man, you really pamper your dog.

Norman: And, then brush his fur for about twenty minutes. He tends to shed this time of year. [Ah, what?] And then scratch him around the ears. Otherwise, he feels neglected.

Shawn: Is that it?

Norman: Well, and then there's Claws.

Shawn: Claws? Who's Claws.

Norman: Oh, he's the cat we adopted from the animal shelter, but he's a little temperamental.

Shawn: What do you mean "temperamental"?

Norman: Well, he has mood swings [Mood swings?], but he's been doing better since he's been going to the animal therapist.

Shawn: A therapist?

Norman: So, be sure to feed him a half cup of cat food two times a day [What? A therapist ...], and don't forget to put out (on) some soft classical music during his nap time at 2:40 p.m. But don't let him out of the house because he might run away and chase the neighbor's dog.

Shawn: You have some high-maintenance animals.

Norman: Not really. And, don't forget to change the cat litter daily, or he might have an accident on the carpet. [Oh, great.] And finally, there's Buttercup.

Shawn: Buttercup? Who's Buttercu ...? I'm afraid to ask.

Norman:...

Question: What is Shawn supposed to do between 3:00-4:00 p.m. for the dog? 

- Take the dog for some exercise with a Frisbee.

- Feed him an afternoon doggie treat for a snack.

- Let the dog watch a program on television.

Target Text: Let the dog watch a program on television.

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 43.422913
Retrieved Text: Monday, April 1, 2019 - 4:00 p.m. to 5:15 p.m.
Wednesday, April 3, 2019 - 10:00 a.m. to 3:00 p.m.
If you need help completing your Canadian income tax return, take advantage of the Community Volunteer Income Tax Program offered in partnership with the Canada Revenue Agency. Trained volunteers can help you with your taxes if you meet the eligibility requirements. Please visit the program page for more information.
Wednesday, April 3, 2019 - 4:00 p.m. to 5:00 p.m.
Focus on Science, Technology, Engineering, Art and Math (STEAM) with Teen Tech Keira! There will be building, experiments, art, tech gadgets and more! Ages 4-12. Cost: $5 for the session. Registration required. Registration opens Monday, March 4.
Paws to Read® is a program that allows children to read aloud to a child certifed therapy dog and their dog handler in order to improve the child’s reading and communication skills. Register for one or more 15 minute reading sessions. Ages 4 and up. Spring registration opens Monday, March 4.
Thursday, April 4, 2019 - 10:00 a.m. to 10:30 a.m.
Thursday, April 4, 2019 - 11:00 a.m. to 11:45 a.m.
Friday, April 5, 2019 - 11:00 a.m. to 3:00 p.m.
Monday, April 8, 2019 - 4:00 p.m. to 5:00 p.m.
Do you love Minecraft? Come to the Library to design and build in creative mode. Work on build challenges together with Teen Tech Keelan. For programs with a fee, payment is due upon registration. Ages 7-12 years. Cost: $10. Spring registration opens Monday, March 4.
Tuesday, April 9, 2019 - 3:30 p.m. to 4:30 p.m.
Wednesday, April 10, 2019 - 10:00

########
Rank: 1
Score: 41.625134
Retrieved Text: Mon. between 8:00-8:59 a.m. Mon., Apr. 29 12:30-2:30 p.m.
Mon. between 9:00-9:59 a.m. Mon., Apr. 29 2:45-4:45 p.m.
Mon. between 10:00-10:59 a.m. Tues., Apr. 30 10:15 a.m.-12:15 p.m.
Mon. between 11:00-11:59 a.m. Tues., Apr. 30 12:30-2:30 p.m.
Mon. between 12:00-12:59 p.m. Wed., May 1 10:15 a.m.-12:15 p.m.
Mon. between 1:00-1:59 p.m. Wed., May 1 12:30-2:30 p.m.
Mon. between 2:00-2:59 p.m. Thurs., May 2 8:00-10:00 a.m.
Mon. between 3:00-3:59 p.m. Thurs., May 2 12:30-2:30 p.m.
Mon. between 4:00-5:59 p.m. Mon., Apr. 29 5:15-7:15 p.m.
Mon. between 6:00-7:59 p.m. Mon., Apr. 29 7:30-9:30 p.m.
Tues. between 8:00-8:59 a.m. Mon., Apr. 29 8:00-10:00 a.m.
Tues. between 9:00-9:59 a.m. Mon., Apr. 29 10:15 a.m.-12:15 p.m.
Tues. between 10:00-10:59 a.m. Tues., Apr. 30 8:00-10:00 a.m.
Tues. between 11:00-11:59 a.m. Tues., Apr. 30 2:45-4:45 p.m.
Tues. between 12:00-12:59 p.m. Wed., May 1 8:00-10:00 a.m.
Tues. between 1:00-1:59 p.m. Wed., May 1 2:45-4:45 p.m.
Tues. between 2:00-2:59 p.m. Thurs., May 2 10:15 a.m.-12:15 p.m.
Tues. between 3:00-3:59 p.m. Thurs., May 2 2:45-4:45 p.m.
Tues. between 4:00-5:59 p.m. Tues., Apr. 30 5:15-7:15 p.m.
Tues. between 6:00-7:59 p.m. Tues., Apr. 30 7:30-9:30 p.m.
Wed. between 4:00-5:59 p.m. Wed., May 1 5:15-7:15 p.m.
Wed. between 6:00-7:59 p.m. Wed., May 1 7:30-9:30 p.m.
Thurs. between 4:00-5:59 p.m. Thurs., May 2 5:15-7:15 p.m.
Thurs. between 6:00-7:59 p.m. Thurs., May 2 7:30-9:30 p.m.
* If you do not find your class time above, see #4 below.
1. Final examinations are scheduled on the basis of the first class-hour meeting of the week. This is irrespective of whether the first hour is a lecture or a laboratory.
2. Please note that each class' time block includes multiple possible start times. For example, "between 8 a.m. and

########
Rank: 2
Score: 41.47286
Retrieved Text: Roots the premium outdoor lifestyle brand, announces the launch of Roots x Shawn Mendes, with a capsule collection designed in collaboration with Toronto-born multi-platinum singer/songwriter, Shawn Mendes. The official release of the limited-edition collection, which celebrates Shawn's first-ever stadium show, is Tuesday, December 4, 2018 at 3:00 p.m. eastern time at the Roots x Shawn Mendes pop-up shop in the Roots store at the CF Toronto Eaton Centre. Shawn's global fanbase will be able to buy the collection online at www.roots.com on December 5, 2018. Fans that attend the in-store event will be given a code for priority presale access and guaranteed tickets to Shawn's Rogers Centre show. Roots x Shawn Mendes is the first step in an ongoing creative collaboration between Roots and Shawn.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 41.058792
Retrieved Text: Toddler Times – Sept. 6, 13, 20, and 27 at 10:30 A.M. for infants and toddlers.
Family Story Times – Sept. 10, 17, and 24 at 10:30 A.M. for children and their caregivers.
Sit, Stay, Read! – Sept. 17 at 2:00 P.M. Dog demonstration.
Book Clubs – Sept. 21, 6:00 P.M. for Adults and 3:30 P.M. for 8+ years old.
Bricks 4 Kidz Amusement Park – Sept. 23 from 3:00-5:00 P.M. Using Lego motorized models.
Aquaponics for Everyone – Sept. 24 at 2:00 P.M. Waianae resident Rachel Watkins will do presentation.
Call 697-7868 for more information. See links below for details and flyers.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 40.886726
Retrieved Text: Back by popular demand, one of the biggest events of the season features 30 Dachshunds in a bid for glory. Enjoy 4 dog races and 10 horse races. There are no losers, only wieners on July 5 at Grand River Raceway.
Get notified about 2019 Race Registration!
Can’t make it to the track? Watch online (starting at 6:00 p.m. EST) on July 5.
What time are the dog races? Showcased on the racetrack, between the horse races, the Wiener Dog Races will be contested in three qualifying heats starting after Horse Race #5 (approx 8:00). The Final (top 3 dogs from each heat) will be after Horse Race #7 (approx. 8:45). The trophy presentations will be after Horse Race #8 (approx. 9:00).
What time is the Costume Costume contest? Showcased on the tarmac, the Small Dog Costume Contest is after Horse Race #3 (approx 7:15). The trophy presentations to the top 3 finishers will be after Horse Race #8 (approx. 9:00).
Registration for the Costume Contest and the Wiener Dog Races opens on June 6 at 7:00 a.m. (EST). On June 6, there will be a button on the top of this web page linking to the Registration Page on Eventbrite.
Can I enter my dog in the costume contest AND the race?
Yes. Dogs can be registered for both events, but there is no dual registration form. You must register for each event separately.
The race will be approximately 20 metres.
Will there be multiple heats?
Showcased on the racetrack, between the horse races, the Wiener Dog Races will be contested in three (3) qualifying

########
Rank: 5
Score: 40.75604
Retrieved Text: 1. What are your hours of operation?
Our hours are Monday through Friday, from 8 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. Tax payments are received Monday through Friday, from 8:00 a.m. to 4:00 p.m.
We are located inside the Waukesha City Hall at 201 Delafield Street in Room 104 (lower level).
3. How do I file a claim against the City of Waukesha?
4. Who should I make my check payable to?
Checks should be made payable to the City of Waukesha.
5. What forms of payment do you accept?
Checks, cash, Visa and MasterCard are acceptable forms of payment for license applications or permit fees.
6. How do I obtain a dog or cat license?
For information on how to obtain a dog or cat license, please visit our Dog and Cat Licenses page.
7. How can I get a license for my business?
8. What do I need to open a new business?
The best place to start is to visit our reference list of helpful website and phone numbers. We also suggest you consult with an attorney first.	Reference List.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 40.3848
Retrieved Text: A foundation for all the classes we teach, this orientation to communicating with your dog is a required first step for all classes through A New Leash on Life. Cost is included with any class registration.
Therapy Dog Certification Class (4 weeks) beginning Friday, May 3, 2:00 p.m.
Puppy Class begins the Friday after you register at 12:00 p.m.
Puppy Class begins the Saturday after you register at 12:00 p.m.
Basic Manners (6 weeks) beginning Saturday, May 11, 11:00 a.m.
Basic Manners (6 weeks) beginning Friday, June 7, 11:00 a.m.
Loose Leash Walking & Recall (6 weeks) beginning Saturday, May 11, 10:00 a.m.
Canine Good Citizen Class (6 weeks) beginning Saturday, May 11, 2:00 p.m.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 40.202137
Retrieved Text: Very cool news from the City of San Carlos – they will be utilizing an app called Parker for smart phone users to find real-time available parking spots near their favorite restaurants and shops in San Carlos. This should truly help us all find that one spot so we can jump out and enjoy food and fun in San Carlos. For more information please visit the City of San Carlos website below.
Now this put a smile on my face – great news for homeowners on the San Francisco Peninsula!!!!
In January 2014 the median sale price for a single family home in San Mateo County was $992,500 compared to the median sale price from January 2013 of $695,000. Year over year that’s a greater than 42% increase.
Curious what your home is worth in today’s market – contact The Caton Team – we would love to prepare a customized market analysis on your home and share its worth with you!
Thinking about selling? Now is the time to start getting into gear – The Caton Team is here to help! There is much to do before the For Sale sign even makes it to the lawn – and with our tried and true marketing plan, we can smooth out the process. Let us know how we can help!
Who doesn’t love a good farmers’ market! I used to think you had to wait till Sprint – till Susan found this schedule on the County of San Mateo website – so I had to share. Please enjoy – and maybe we’ll

########
Rank: 8
Score: 40.02576
Retrieved Text: This weekend in Austin, enjoy dancing and drumming, Shakespeare under the stars, a chalk festival, a book festival, free museum admission, and more!
American Indian Heritage Day – Friday from 6:30-8:00 p.m. Celebrate the traditional and contemporary arts of Texas’s American Indian groups. This FREE public program will honor American Indians of yesterday and today with dancing and drumming performances. Bullock Texas State History Museum, 1800 N Congress Ave, Austin.
Shakespeare at the Market: Twelfth Night (RSVP) – Friday, Saturday, and Sunday at 6:30 p.m. This is the last weekend to catch Present Company’s third annual Shakespeare at the Market on the rooftop of the downtown Austin Whole Foods Market. Seating begins at 6:30 for a 7:00 p.m. performance. Guests are encouraged to bring a blanket or short chair, and grab picnic goodies before the show. Promoting the philosophy of “accessible & sustainable art,” Shakespeare at the Market is a FREE event, however a $20 donation is suggested for guests able to support. Reserve your tickets here. Bus Routes: 4, 21, 22, 338 will get you there! Plan your trip online or on your smartphone. Whole Foods, 525 N Lamar Blvd, Austin.
Movie Night at Community Cinema: Ferris Bueller’s Day Off – Friday at 7:00 p.m. Grab chairs and a blanket, bring family and friends, and enjoy a special screening of Ferris Bueller’s Day Off. Arrive early to explore Community First! Village, pick your spot, and enjoy an 80s favorite on the big screen. Candy, popcorn, water, and sodas will be available for purchase (cash only). Concession sales and

########
Rank: 9
Score: 39.836803
Retrieved Text: 1. How do I get a copy of an accident report?
Details on this process are available on the Accident Report Procedure page.
2. How can my group arrange a tour of the police department?
Contact the Community Relations Office between 8:00 a.m. and 4:00 p.m., Monday through Friday, by phone at 540-631-2763, or email at rseal@frontroyalva.com.
3. Where do I go to pay a parking ticket?
Go to the Town Administration Building located at 102 East Main Street between 8:00 a.m. and 4:30 p.m., Monday through Friday.
4. How do I get fingerprinted?
Wednesday 12:30 p.m. - 3:30 p.m.
Thursday 9:00 a.m. - 12:00 p.m.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 39.835377
Retrieved Text: Hermia loves Lysander and Helena loves Demetrius – but Demetrius is supposed to be marrying Hermia…. When the Duke of Athens tries to enforce the marriage, the lovers take refuge in the woods and wander into the midst of a dispute between the king and queen of the fairies. Directed by Sherri Raeford, this fanciful production of A Midsummer Night's Dream, by William Shakespeare, will travel through gardens across the Triad.
​Friday, September 23, 5:30 p.m.
Saturday, September 24, 7:00 p.m.
Sunday, September 25, 4:00 p.m.
Friday, September 30, 5:30 p.m.
Saturday, October 1, 4:00 p.m.
Sunday, October 2, 4:00 p.m.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 39.70718
Retrieved Text: Start Your Journey with Girl Scouts!
At Girl Scouts we combine life skills, STEM, the outdoors, and entrepreneurship to deliver crucial, life-changing, girl-led programming.
Our proven approach gives girls the opportunities to unleash their inner G.I.R.L. (Go-getter, Innovator, Risk-taker, Leader)™, prepare for a lifetime of leadership, and change the world. Whoa!
So what will you do? Cookies, badges, campfires, and friendship bracelets? You bet! But we’re so much more than that. At Girl Scouts, you’ll always get to think big, try new things, and be a role model in your community.
Here, the possibilities are absolutely endless. Because once your inner leader takes center stage, anything—and we mean anything—is possible.
Need to know more to help you decide what's right for you? Join us at any of the sign-ups listed below! Or, call us at 877-312-4764 to speak to a recruitment specialist.
April 5 | 4:00-5:00 p.m.
April 18 | 4:00-5:00 p.m.
April 18 | 5:30-7:00 p.m.
April 23 | 5:30-7:00 p.m.
May 6 | 1:30-3:30 p.m.
May 9 | 5:30-7:00 p.m.
May 11 | 9:00 a.m. - 1:00 p.m.
May 14 | 5:30-7:00 p.m.
May 17 | 11:00 a.m. - 1:00 p.m.
April 22 | 2:00-3:00 p.m.
April 24 | 3:00-5:00 p.m.
April 29 | 5:30-6:30 p.m.
April 17 | 5:00-6:00 p.m.
April 17 | 4:00-5:00 p.m.
April 24 | 5:00-6:00 p.m.
April 20 | 3:00-4:00 p.m.
April 23 | 3:00-5:00 p.m.
May 6 | 5:00-6:00 p.m.
May 18 | 9:00 a.m. - 5:00 p.m.
April 25 | 4:30-5:30 p.m.
May 6 | 4:30-5:30 p.m.
April 18 | 3:30-4:30 p.m.
May 3 | 6:00-7:00 p.m.
April 20 | 1:00-2:00 p.m.
April 28 | 3:00-4:00 p.m.
May 7 | 4:00-5:00 p.m.
May 9 | 5:30-6:30 p.m.
April 15 |

########
Rank: 12
Score: 39.629684
Retrieved Text: Cookie is a lovable, seven-year-old female with a real zest for life! She loves to go on long walks and play outside. Cookie is deaf, but she is learning simple commands with the use of hand signals. She is also on a special diet and takes medication for digestive issues. If you have a heart for a special needs dog, and are committed to her long term care, please contact the Williamson County Animal Center in Franklin!
WCAC is open Monday through Friday, 10:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m., Saturdays 11:00 a.m. to 3:00 p.m. and Sundays 12 p.m.- 4 p.m.
Rescue of the Week is brought to you by Three Dog Bakery and Infiniti of Cool Springs.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 39.514194
Retrieved Text: Monday 8:30 A.M. 10:00 A.M.
Monday 12:20 P.M. 1:20 P.M.
Tuesday 12:20 P.M. 1:20 P.M.
Monday 10:30 A.M. 12:00 P.M.
Monday 1:30 P.M. 3:00 P.M.
Monday 3:30 P.M. 5:00 P.M.
Tuesday 8:30 A.M. 10:00 A.M.
Tuesday 10:30 A.M. 12:00 P.M.
Tuesday 1:30 P.M. 3:00 P.M.
Tuesday 3:30 P.M. 5:00 P.M.
Wednesday 8:30 A.M. 10:00 A.M.
Wednesday 10:30 A.M. 12:00 P.M.
Systems Navigator - From Model to Decision Support System: Closing the Gap Between Modelers, Analysts and Managers!
Do Mean-based Ranking and Selection Procedures Consider Systems' Risk?
Yardsim: A Rail Yard Simulation Framework and Its Implementation in a Major Railroad in the U.S.
Are All Voting Queues Created Equal?
Sunday 1:00 P.M. 2:00 P.M.
Sunday 2:30 P.M. 3:45 P.M.
Sunday 4:00 P.M. 5:00 P.M.
Sunday 5:00 P.M. 7:00 P.M.
Monday 5:10 P.M. 6:10 P.M.
Desirability Function Approach for Repairable Item Inventory System.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 39.336483
Retrieved Text: Librarian, Heidi, let me know that there is a nice selection of new children’s books. Be sure to come in and check them out. Also people have been signing up for free help with their taxes. You can either come into the library or call 796-5333 for an appointment with the consultant on February 21 for a time slot of 15 minutes between 1:00 - 6:00 p.m. We are sorry for the sometimes erratic library hours but the library is closed when the school is closed and sometimes there are just circumstances beyond what can be managed. We try hard to give notice on the door when the library will be closed.
The Princeton Parks and Recreation Committee will be having a meeting on Wednesday, January 31 at 6:00 p.m. at the Town Office. This will be the first meeting to start planning for the Fresh Water Festival. If anyone is interested in the planning or helping, please do come to this meeting. Last year the festival went beyond the shirt-tail parade with a full scale one. The group would like to continue to grow this event but help is needed to continue to have this event for our town.
Final reminder about licensing or re-licensing all dogs over 6 months of age. The deadline is Wednesday, January 31. After that a late fee of $25 per dog will be charged. Hours at the town office are: 8:00 a.m. to noon and 12:45 p.m. to 4:00 p.m. M-F.
January 30 - Downeast Lakes Land Trust Full Moon Owl Prowl

########
Rank: 15
Score: 39.024906
Retrieved Text: Brookfield, Ill. — Guests can enjoy free admission and winter-themed activities at Brookfield Zoo’s FREEze Day on Sunday, February 8. The day’s events feature cool fun for the whole family, including a dog-sledding demonstration by the Green Valley Dog Drivers between 10:00 a.m. and 4:00 p.m. on the zoo’s West Mall. Members of the Lemont-based dog-sledding organization will engage guests in games and musher talks with their canine teams.
Other activities include a winter weaving craft at Hamill Family Play Zoo where kids can use fabric and natural materials to create a take-home weaving board. Guests can learn about birds of prey during Zoo Chats on the West Mall at 11:00 a.m., 1:00 p.m. and 2:00 p.m. The Forest Preserves of Cook County will also be on hand to share all their fun winter activities and events.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 38.906647
Retrieved Text: Conversations with Executives are hour long discussions between successful professionals and students. In these discussions, students have the opportunity to ask questions, learn from others’ industry experience, and build their own professional network. Make sure to sign up in advance as the links will close once hitting capacity.
Sign up to participate in a Conversation by following the links below.
Monday, April 15th from 11:00 a.m. — 12:00 p.m.
Monday, April 15th from 3:00 p.m. — 4:00 p.m.
Tuesday, April 16th from 2:00 p.m. — 3:00 p.m.
Wednesday, April 17th from 11:00 a.m. — 12:00 p.m.
Monday, April 22nd from 1:00 p.m. — 2:00 p.m.
Monday, April 22nd from 2:00 p.m. — 3:00 p.m.
DJ Chhabra, CEO, Attainia, Inc.
April 23rd from 2:00 p.m. — 3:00 p.m.
Tuesday, April 30th from 3:30 — 4:30 p.m.
Thursday, May 2nd from 2:00 p.m. — 3:00 p.m.
Thursday, May 2nd from 1:00 p.m. — 2:00 p.m.
Monday, May 6th from 3:00 p.m. — 4:00 p.m.
Tuesday, May 7th from 3:00 p.m. — 4:00 p.m.
Calvin Rowland ’93, SVP Business Development, F5 Networks Inc.
Wednesday , May 15th from 3:00 p.m. — 4:00 p.m.
Wednesday, May 15th from 1:00 p.m. — 2:oo p.m.
Monday, May 20th from 11:00 a.m. — 12:00 p.m.
Tuesday, May 21st from 2:00 p.m. — 3:00 p.m.
Alicia Boyce ’95, Marketer, Apple Inc.
Joanne Smith ’82, Executive VP & Chief HR Officer, Delta Air Lines, Inc.
Thursday, May 30th from 2:00 p.m. — 3:00 p.m.
New to the Conversation with Executives format? Please click here to read the Event Instruction Sheet.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 38.86606
Retrieved Text: Promethean is attending the Future of Education Technology Conference (FETC) January 23-26, 2018 at the Orange County Convention Center in Orlando, Fla. Visit Promethean at exhibit hall booth 110 & 114 to learn how Promethean’s latest interactive solutions create an immersive learning environment in the classroom.
Volcanoes, ClassFlow & AR, Oh My!
Details: Discover tectonic plates and share what you know with assessments in ClassFlow. Using app-based instruction, find out in real-time where activity is happening. Show what you've learned through augmented reality and Quiver - all using your Promethean solutions.
Schedule: Wednesday 2:00 - 3:00 p.m., Thursday and Friday 9:00 - 10:00 a.m.
Details: Virtual reality, 3D models, polling, and presentation tools all come together to create connections between content and the real world. Combine these tools with Experiential Learning, and you have an experience that will immerse you in engagement while taking you on a personalized learning journey.
Schedule: Wednesday 3:00 - 4:00 p.m., Thursday 2:00 - 3:00 p.m.
Schedule: Wednesday 4:00 - 5:00 p.m., Thursday 12:00 - 1:00 & 3:00 - 4:00 p.m., Friday 11:00 a.m. - 12:00 p.m.
Details: Want to experience coding with Dot, Sphero, and the ActivPanel? Join us to see how connecting Bluetooth with the Promethean solution provides teachers exciting ways to engage students. Discover how teachers can implement coding and other STEM activities into their classrooms with Promethean.
Schedule: Wednesday 1:00 - 2:00 p.m., Thursday 10:00 - 11:00 a.m., Friday 10:00 - 11:00 a.m.
Wednesday, January 24 from 1:00 – 6:00 p.m.
Thursday, January 25 from 8:30 a.m. – 5:00 p.m.
Friday, January 26 from 8:30 a.m. – 2:00

########
Rank: 18
Score: 38.686203
Retrieved Text: Do you have an event you want people to know about?
If your charity or non-profit group would like to use the power of Withers Broadcasting to promote your event, click the button below to submit your information. Please submit your information two weeks prior to the event and allow for one business day for review.
For additional advertising information, call us at (618) 997-8123.
Come out to the annual River to River ALL CORVETTE Car Show!
Happening in Downtown Herrin on Satuday, May 11th from 11:00 AM to 3:00 PM!
All proceeds go to Friends of the Herrin City Cemetery.
Free to the public! Donations accepted!
There will be bagels, hot dogs, and soft drinks for sale.
Want to register your car?
It’s just $15! Registration begins at 10:30 AM!
For more info call Dennis at 618-889-8555.
St. Mark’s Lutheran Church and School is hosting their 8th Annual Dinner Auction on Saturday, May 4th.
All funds go towards their costs for their school and educational needs.
Doors open and the silent auction begins at 5:00 PM.
And the live auction starts at 8:00 PM.
If you want to donate or have any questions, call or text Deanna Reitz at 618-615-1350 or Sherri Buch at 618-978-0323.
This year’s theme is “Take Me Out to the Ballgame”!
Your generosity and support is greatly appreciated!
DEADLINE FOR DONATIONS AND/OR ADVERTISEMENTS is APRIL 19th.
For those of you who have participated before, you know what to expect – FUN, lots of color, some crazy costumes, informal, not timed, a great cause, oh and FUN.
This year’s race is once again being organized by our race director, Julie Hoskins, and

########
Rank: 19
Score: 38.662766
Retrieved Text: We look forward to welcoming your group to UWEC – Barron County! Use the form below to submit a group visit request. On the form you’ll be able to select an intended date along with other options to do on campus (tour, presentation, etc.).
Note: These visits are for high school groups, college access programs, and organizations bringing more than six students. Individual students and families who are interested in a campus visit should view the other options available on our visit page.
If you have questions, please contact us at uwecbcinfo@uwec.edu. We look forward to welcoming you to campus!
What is the name of your group/program/organization?
In the event that your first choice of visit date is not available, please provide an alternate date that would also work for your group.
8:30 a.m.9:00 a.m.9:30 a.m.10:00 a.m.10:30 a.m.11:00 a.m.11:30 a.m.12:00 p.m.12:30 p.m.1:00 p.m.1:30 p.m.2:00 p.m.2:30 p.m.3:00 p.m.3:30 p.m.
9:00 a.m.9:30 a.m.10:00 a.m.10:30 a.m.11:00 a.m.11:30 a.m.12:00 p.m.12:30 p.m.1:00 p.m.1:30 p.m.2:00 p.m.2:30 p.m.3:00 p.m.3:30 p.m.4:00 p.m.4:30 p.m.
Select all grade levels/student groups that will be in attendance.
Please let us know what other grade level(s) will be in attendance.
How many students will be in attendance?
How many chaperones will be in attendance?
Note: While we cannot guarantee all requests, we will do our best to meet your needs.
What topic(s) would you like to receive a presentation about?
What other activity are you interested in?
While lunch is not provided for campus group visitors, the Solution Center is happy to schedule a lunch break into your visit. Please select which of the options below you would like to do for lunch.
One

########
Rank: 20
Score: 38.609783
Retrieved Text: May 7, 2019 - Tue 3:00 p.m. - 7:00 p.m.
May 14, 2019 - Tue 3:00 p.m. - 7:00 p.m.
May 21, 2019 - Tue 3:00 p.m. - 7:00 p.m.
May 28, 2019 - Tue 3:00 p.m. - 7:00 p.m.
Jun 4, 2019 - Tue 3:00 p.m. - 7:00 p.m.
Jun 11, 2019 - Tue 3:00 p.m. - 7:00 p.m.
Jun 18, 2019 - Tue 3:00 p.m. - 7:00 p.m.
Jun 25, 2019 - Tue 3:00 p.m. - 7:00 p.m.
Jul 2, 2019 - Tue 3:00 p.m. - 7:00 p.m.
Jul 9, 2019 - Tue 3:00 p.m. - 7:00 p.m.
Jul 16, 2019 - Tue 3:00 p.m. - 7:00 p.m.
Jul 23, 2019 - Tue 3:00 p.m. - 7:00 p.m.
Jul 30, 2019 - Tue 3:00 p.m. - 7:00 p.m.
Aug 6, 2019 - Tue 3:00 p.m. - 7:00 p.m.
Aug 13, 2019 - Tue 3:00 p.m. - 7:00 p.m.
Aug 20, 2019 - Tue 3:00 p.m. - 7:00 p.m.
Aug 27, 2019 - Tue 3:00 p.m. - 7:00 p.m.
Sep 3, 2019 - Tue 3:00 p.m. - 7:00 p.m.
Sep 10, 2019 - Tue 3:00 p.m. - 7:00 p.m.
Sep 17, 2019 - Tue 3:00 p.m. - 7:00 p.m.
Sep 24, 2019 - Tue 3:00 p.m. - 7:00 p.m.
Oct 1, 2019 - Tue 3:00 p.m. - 7:00 p.m.
Oct 8, 2019 - Tue 3:00 p.m. - 7:00 p.m.
Oct 15, 2019 - Tue 3:00 p.m. - 7:00 p.m.
Oct 22, 2019 - Tue 3:00 p.m. - 7:00 p.m.
The popular FRESHFARM Market serves up fresh produce and farm products along Crystal Drive every Tuesday between May and October. Shop from local farmers and producers with seasonal fruits and vegetables,

########
Rank: 21
Score: 38.588318
Retrieved Text: Town Clean Up Day | Thursday, May 23 || 5:00 - 7:00 p.m.
Be sure to mark your calendars and come out to celebrate the changing seasons with a little spring cleaning! On Thursday, May 23, the Town will hold the fourth annual Town Clean-Up Day event, giving volunteers a chance to clean up Avon after a long winter season. The clean-up will take place between 5:00 and 7:00 p.m., with free food and drink for all volunteers on the Event Terrace beginning at 6:30 p.m.
Pop Up Concert | Sunday, May 26 || 5:30 - 7:00 p.m.
Concerts are a summer tradition in Avon and they are popping up all over town this season! In its fourth year, Pop Up Concerts will feature classical string quartets, which are scheduled to pop-up in Harry A. Nottingham Park, the Main Street Mall, and other surprise locations. Rain showers will chase these well-received concerts, if need be, into the Avon Town Hall.
These 90-minute concerts take place May - September, and they allow locals and guests a time to unwind and relax with live classical and contemporary music. Light fare and refreshing beverages are available each evening, and these performances bring an eclectic array of musical styles, from classical strings to Spanish guitars, all performed by musicians from Colorado’s most esteemed symphonies and philharmonics.
Open Water Swim | Thursday, June 6 || 5:30 - 7:00 p.m.
Nottingham Lake is back and better than ever this summer! The Avon Recreation Department provides the only open water swim in the valley. It's a perfect way to

########
Rank: 22
Score: 38.52335
Retrieved Text: Over 140,000 LEDs in Blue River Plaza will be illuminated on Dec. 8 during Breckenridge's lighting ceremony.
Days remain between now and Christmas so a trio of holiday tree lightings is planned for this weekend. Following the previous lightings at Copper, Keystone and Frisco, almost all of Summit County will now bask in the festive glow of the season. There are plenty of activities for kids and adults in Silverthorne, Dillon and Breckenridge on Friday and Saturday.
Also on Friday, Dillon will flip the switch on their holiday tree at the Marina Park Pavillion. From 4:30–7:30 p.m. there will be refreshments, goodies and a choreographed light show.
The tree will be on display from Dec. 7 to Jan. 6, with the show running every half hour from 4:30–9:30 p.m.
3–6 p.m.: Make free Christmas ornaments at BreckCreate’s Quandary Antiques Cabin, 131 S. Ridge St.
3:45 p.m.: Over 150 dogs in the holiday dog parade will head down Main Street from Main Street Station to the Blue River Plaza.
4:20 p.m.: Kids 12 and under wearing complementary antlers run down Main Street.
4:30 p.m.: More than 500 Santas will sprint along Main Street. Top finishers will win an Ullr helmet and other prizes.
5 p.m.: Santa turns on 140,000 LEDs in Blue River Plaza followed by cookies courtesy of the Breckenridge Tourism Office.
5:30–7:00 p.m.: Meet Santa at the Barney Ford Museum, 111 E. Washington Ave.
7:00–9:00 p.m.: Go caroling karaoke-style at BreckCreate’s Old Masonic Hall, 136 S. Main St.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 38.473305
Retrieved Text: Board Meetings are the 1st Tuesday of the month, the time varies per season.
General Meetings are the 2nd Saturday of the month, 8:30 a.m. to Noon (Library check out is from 8:30 a.m. to 10:00 a.m., Business Meeting is from 10:00 a m. to 11:00 a.m. and a program from 11:00 a.m. to Noon. Both meetings are held at the Pueblo Heritage Museum, 201 West B Street, Pueblo, Colorado, unless noted in the Calendar below.
RESEARCH DAY (time for members to use the library, but no checking in or out of books) is around 4 hours before each Board of Directors meeting. Time will vary depending on the season, so check below for those times.
General Meeting: Jan. 13, Charting Your Cousins. The featured speakers this month are FACC members John Valdez and Tom J. Martinez, This is going to be a two-month series about the varies way we chart and visualize our relatives. John will talk about a unique way he makes charts that show how cousins connect to a common ancestor. Tom will do the same thing, but how the DNA match between two unknown cousins show the same thing. This is an introduction to next month's presentation on "Using DNA to find your Cousins".
Board Meeting: Feb 5, 3:00 p.m.​ Research Day, 11:00 a.m. to 3:00 p.m.
General Meeting: Feb. 9 Program: "Using DNA To Find Your Cousins", is the presentation this month by Tom J. Martinez, FACC Librarian. This is the 2nd Part of last month's talk by John Valdez about "Charting Cousins". Tom will present

########
Rank: 24
Score: 38.37712
Retrieved Text: Saturday, April 6, 2019, 7:30 p.m.
Thursday, April 11, 2019, 7:00 p.m.
Thursday, April 11, 2019, 5:00 p.m. – 11:00 p.m.
Friday, April 12, 2019, 5:00 p.m. – 11:00 p.m.
Saturday, April 13, 2019, 9:00 a.m. – 11:00 p.m.
Shad T-shirts and novelty items for sale.
Friday, April 12, 2019, 4:00 p.m. – 7:00 p.m.
Saturday, April 13, 2019, 9:00 a.m. – 7:00 p.m.
Sunday, April 14, 2019, 12:00 p.m. – 2:00 p.m.
Happy Hour 6:00 p.m. – 7:00 p.m.
Friday, April 12, 2019, 4:00 p.m. – 11:00 p.m.
Saturday, April 13, 2018, 1:00 p.m. – 11:00 p.m.
Grifton School Cafeteria. Lots of prizes. Snacks for sale.
Friday, April 12, 2019, 7:00 p.m. – 9:00 p.m.
12 Noon – 4:00 p.m.
4:00 pm. – 5:00 pm.
12 Noon – 3:00 p.m.
12 Noon, 2:00 p.m., 4:00 p.m., 6:00 p.m.
Bring a chair and enjoy the fellowship and the view.
Grifton School Auditorium, 7:30 p.m.
NOTICE: All ladies interested in participating in the “Miss Grifton Shad Queen Pageant” contact Directors Belinda Howard at 252-413-8907 or Susan Howard at howards@ecu.edu / (252) 917-2622.
MUST: Be between the age of 14-18, unmarried and without children, live in the Grifton residence area or within our voting district, and be a reputable role model.
Directors Belinda Howard at 252-413-8907 or Susan Howard at howards@ecu.edu / (252) 917-2622.
Grifton School Media Center, 6:00 p.m.
Grifton School Auditorium, 7:00 p.m.
We look forward to hearing from you and seeing you at the 2019 Grifton Shad Festival Parade!
Contact us from the numbers below or send us an email.
Grifton Civic Center, 12:00 p.m. – 4:00 p.m.
The 49th Annual Grifton Art Show will be a feature of the Grifton Shad Festival

########
Rank: 25
Score: 38.314987
Retrieved Text: The TCS New York City Marathon course runs 26.2 miles through the five boroughs of NYC and is a model for big-city marathons around the world. On November 4, it will move you! For detailed information, visit our Help Center. All information is subject to change.
Staging the TCS New York City Marathon necessitates closing many streets and bridges throughout NYC on Sunday, November 4. NYRR thanks all residents and visitors for their patience and understanding as we stage the world’s largest marathon in the world’s most dynamic city. All information is subject to change.
Start Verrazzano-Narrows Bridge – Upper Level Midnight 3:00 p.m.
Start Verrazzano-Narrows Bridge – Lower Level Staten Island Bound 7:00 a.m. 3:00 p.m.
Start Verrazzano-Narrows Bridge – Lower Level Brooklyn Bound 7:00 a.m. 3:00 p.m.
1 Verrazzano-Narrows Bridge – Midpoint Midnight 3:00 p.m.
2 Verrazzano-Narrows Bridge Exit to 92nd Street Midnight 3:00 p.m.
3A 4th Avenue and 82nd Street 7:15 a.m. 12:35 p.m.
3B 74th Street, before 6th Avenue 7:15 a.m. 12:35 p.m.
5K (Orange) 4th Avenue and 80th Street 7:15 a.m. 12:35 p.m.
5K (Blue) 4th Avenue and 80th Street 7:15 a.m. 12:35 p.m.
5K (Green) Bay Ridge Pkwy and 6th Avenue 7:15 a.m. 12:35 p.m.
4 4th Avenue and 63rd Street 7:25 a.m. 12:50 p.m.
5 4th Avenue and 43rd Street 7:25 a.m. 1:05 p.m.
6 4th Avenue and 22nd Street 7:25 a.m. 1:20 p.m.
10K (Orange) 4th Avenue and 18th Street 7:25 a.m. 1:25 p.m.
10K (Blue / Green) 4th Avenue and 18th Street 7:25 a.m. 1:25 p.m.
7 4th Avenue and 3rd Street 8:00 a.m. 1:35 p.m.
8 Flatbush Ave and Lafayette Ave 8:00 a.m. 1:50

########
Rank: 26
Score: 38.25903
Retrieved Text: 2nd & 3rd Thursday 9:00 a.m.-3:30 p.m.
Applications accepted until 2:30 p.m.
This location is not a state exam station and cannot serve non-citizens or first-time CDL applicants.
Tuesdays 8:30 a.m.to 4:15 p.m.
Drive tests are not conducted between 11AM and 1PM.
Contact location for dates and times.
First Three Wednesdays 8:00 a.m.- 5:00 p.m.
Applications accepted until 4:00 p.m.
Calls taken from 8AM to 5PM Central Time.
Licenses/ID cards are NOT issued from this location. See Pierre Driver Exam Station.
First & Third Wednesdays 8:30 a.m.- 4:30 p.m.
Contact Court House for dates and times.
Fridays 7:30 a.m.- 5:15 p.m.
Wednesdays, Thursdays and Fridays 7:00 a.m.- 5:30 p.m.
Tuesdays 9:00 a.m.- 3:45 p.m.
Applications for testing accepted until 2:15 p.m. All other applications accepted until 2:45 p.m.
Fourth Wednesday 9:00 a.m.-3:30 p.m.
Thursdays 8:15 a.m.- 4:30 p.m.
Please see Rosebud for schedule and location information.
Tuesday - Friday 7:00 a.m.-5:30 p.m.
Tuesday & Wednesday 7:00 a.m.-5:30 p.m.
Second, Fourth & Fifth Wednesday 8:45 a.m.-4:30 p.m.
First Tuesday 8:00 a.m. - 5:00 p.m.
Wednesday & Thursday 7:00a.m. - 6:00p.m.
*New location at 420 South Garfield, Suite 700, north of Wells Avenue and Hwy 34, just north of the Holiday station.
Applications accepted until 3:00 p.m.
Thursdays 12 Noon to 4 p.m.
Due to technical issues, this location is temporarily unable to print license and ID cards. Licenses and ID cards will be mailed to applicants within two weeks of your visit to this exam station.
Applicants will be served on a first-come, first served basis. No appointments or testing are available. This means we can process duplicates and renewals only. The exam station is closed on Saturdays that fall on a holiday weekend.
Wednesday &

########
Rank: 27
Score: 38.252876
Retrieved Text: Keep up with the latest happenings.
9 Senior Learning Session at Onslow Library hosted by Marine Federal Risk and Compliance Employees at 1:00 p.m.
11 Cape Carteret, NC Branch Event: Investment Workshop between 6:00 p.m. - 7:30 p.m.
18 Piney Green, NC Branch Event: Egg-Stravaganza between 11:00 a.m. - 1:00 p.m.
18 North Stafford, VA Mortgage Workshop between 6:00 p.m. - 8:00 p.m.
23 MCAS New River Branch Event: Car Crazy Daze between 1:00 p.m. - 4:00 p.m.
4 Company Wide Meeting - All Branches and Live Tellers will be closed. The Call Center will open at 1:00 p.m.
31 Annual Red Cross Blood Drive at Corporate Headquarters between 10:00 a.m. - 3:00 p.m.
20 Corporate Headquarters Branch Event: Youth Summer Savings between 11:00 a.m. - 3:00 p.m.
15 - 18 Teen Financial Success Summer Camp - Free!
19 Richlands, NC Branch Event: Carnival of Savings between 10:00 a.m. - 5:00 p.m.
28 Wilmington, NC Branch Event: How Credit Works between 6:00 p.m. - 7:30 p.m.
31 Gumbranch Rd, NC Branch Event: Treat Yourself to Savings Event between 9:00 a.m. - 5:00 p.m.
6 Stone Bay Branch Event: Santa's Savings Helpers between 9:00 a.m. - 5:00 p.m.
11 North Stafford, VA Branch Event: Holiday Event between 12:00 p.m. - 4:00 p.m.
24 Christmas Eve *branches close at 2 p.m.
*All branches and departments will be closed. MFCU@Home, Mobile and Text Message Banking, and Touch Teller will be available.
We're holding our 25th Annual Charity Golf Tournament on Friday, April 26 at the Jacksonville Country Club. The monies raised will go to the USO of Jacksonville, United Way of Onlsow County, Crime Stoppers, and

########
Rank: 28
Score: 38.228462
Retrieved Text: ​Please enjoy this poem from Michael Bryan about his coworker at DDA, Shawn Payne. The photos show the coworkers and an art sample from Shawn.
I show up at 6:30 a.m.
Shawn arrives by 7:00 a.m.
I turn on my computer, check emails and if the light on my desk telephone is blinking, I check the messages.
I answer emails and return my calls in a timely manner.
I go to lunch at 11:30 a.m.
I check in with my supervisor on a regular basis.
My supervisor offers guidance, makes changes and gives me feedback.
Shawn’s supervisor does the same for him.
I am expected to complete my work efficiently.
Shawn is expected to do the same.
I consider myself an artiste.
I paint pictures with a camera.
Shawn rides the metro like others in the office.
Shawn feels that he needs to spend more time on his art.
I need to spend more time with my camera.
Shawn has dedicated family members who check in on him.
My mother calls often to check in on me.
Shawn takes off on Mondays to practice his art.
I will walk by his desk.
We will talk for a minute.
He does not say much.
I ask a few questions he answers a few.
Shawn’s day ends at 4:30 p.m.
Mine ends at 3 p.m.
I see him as a colleague and a part of our team.
He sees me for me.
I see him for him.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 38.16359
Retrieved Text: Stew Leonard’s East Meadow store announces the Halloween Happenings it is hosting throughout the month of this fall.
Stew Leonard’s will open a pumpkin patch in front of the farm fresh food grocer’s store in East Meadow. Items for sale include Jack-O-Lantern Pumpkins ($5.99/ea. or 3/$15), Sugar Pumpkins ($3.29/ea. or 2/$6), Mini Pumpkins and Gourds ($1.19/ea. or 5/$5), 9-inch Mums ($5.99/ea. or 3/$15), Dried Corn Stalks ($8.99 or 2/$16), Hay Bales ($8.99/ea.) and firewood ($16.99/2 cubic feet).
Families are welcome to snap photos of their little ones in the pumpkin patch.
This October 2018, Stew’s will create a Hay Bale Theater to show a free children’s Halloween-themed movie! Complimentary juice and popcorn are served to all. The movies begin at 6:00 P.M., with seating opening at 5:30 P.M. Seating is on a first-come, first served basis and is limited to 50 people.
The movies will be shown on Friday, October 5 and Friday, October 19. For movie titles and additional information, please see in-store. To register for these free movie nights, please visit www.Eventbrite.com and search for Stew Leonard’s in East Meadow.
What says “I love fall” more than painting pumpkins and creating spooky fun faces? Join us at Stew’s on Saturday, September 29 at 10:00 am & Noon for a pumpkin painting class! Snacks and juice are provided. The class is open to children ages 2-6 and their caregiver. $12.99 per child. To register and pay, please visit www.Eventbrite.com and search for Stew Leonard’s in East Meadow.
Pumpkin carver Lenny Calvin, former contestant on Food Network’s Halloween Wars Season 6, will

================



======= Instance Index 3553 =========
Input Text: Read the following conversation and answer the question.

W: Mr. White, what changes have you seen in the champagne market in the last ten to fifteen years?

M: Well the biggest change has been the decrease in sales since the great boom years of the 1980s when champagne production and sales reached record levels.

W: Which was the best year?

M: Well the record was in 1989 when 249 million bottles of champagne was sold. The highest production level was reached in 1990 with a total of 293 million bottles. Of course since those boom years sales have fallen.

W: Has the market been badly hit by the recession?

M: Oh certainly, the economic problems in champagnes' export markets that's Europe, the United States, Japan, and of course the domestic market in France, the economic problems have certainly been one reason for the decrease in champagne sales.

W: And the other reasons?

M: Another important factor has been price. In the early 90s, champagne was very overpriced, so many people stop buying it. Instead they bought sparkling wines from other countries, in particular from Australia and Spain. And then there was another problem for champagne in the early 90s.

W: What was that?

M: There was a lot of rather bad champagne on the market. This meant the popularity of good sparkling wines increased even more. People was surprised by their quality and of course they were a lot cheaper than champagne.

W: Do you think the champagne market will recover in the future?

M: Oh, I'm sure it will. When the economic situation improves, I believe the market will recover.

Question: Why did sparkling wines become more popular than champagne in the early 90s? 

- They cost less.

- They tasted better.

- They were in fashion.

Target Text: They cost less.

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 42.881428
Retrieved Text: Did you know bubbles in sparkling wine are carbon dioxide, a natural byproduct of the fermentation process? At Ruth’s Chris, our wine experts know the ins and outs of all things sparkling wine.
While Champagne is the most popular sparkling wine from France, there are many other delicious sparkles out there. Discover the bubbly world of sparkling wines with this easy guide, where we pop the cork on sparkling wine facts, sweetness levels, and grapes.
If you look carefully at the label, you will find these key words indicating the sparkling wine’s level of sweetness.
Extra-Brut – the driest of all sparkling wines with complete absence of sugar and bright acidity.
Brut – usually labeled as champagne, this is the most popular sparkling wine that is dry but slightly sweet.
Extra Dry – despite the name, this sparkling wine is sweeter than Brut. Prosecco is a popular sparkling wine most associated as extra dry.
Demi-Sec – very sweet sparkling wine that is most enjoyed alongside dessert.
Prosecco – the most cherished brut Italian sparkling wine from Northeast Italy. It’s light and fruity with floral notes. Enjoy this inexpensive wine with a variety of our appetizers, like crab stuffed mushrooms or calamari.
American – using Champagne as an inspiration, new world sparkling wine is produced in vineyards across America. These bubbles are known for being well-rounded with refreshing fruit flavors on a Chardonnay and Pinot Noir background.
Cava – the sparkling wine of Spain! It’s the most affordable of the sparkling group, but also still very tasty and versatile. It goes well with nearly all dishes,

########
Rank: 1
Score: 42.26371
Retrieved Text: Wines from the Champagne region were already known before medieval times. Churches owned vineyards, and monks produced wine for use in the sacrament of Eucharist. French kings were traditionally anointed in Reims and Champagne wine flowed as part of coronation festivities. Kings appreciated the still, light, and crisp wine, and offered it as an homage to other monarchs in Europe.
In the 17th century, still wines of Champagne were the chosen wines for celebration in European countries. The English were the biggest consumers of Champagne wines, and drank a lot of sparkling wines. The first commercial sparkling wine was produced in the Limoux area of Languedoc about 1535. They did not invent it per se, although the region may arguably be where sparkling wine originated since records show that Livy traded in non-sparkling white wines from Limoux as far back as the Roman occupation of the region in around the time of Christ. There is also some evidence that England may have had an early start at producing a bubbly alcoholic beverage.
In the late Middle Ages and Early Modern period, they added sugar and molasses to imported wine and bottled it. The English claim is given some substance as they had developed sufficiently strong bottles to withstand the very high pressures created by fermentation, although historians say the stronger bottles were purely accidental.
In the reign of King James I (1603-1625), Admiral Sir Robert Mansell managed to persuade the king to ban glassworks from burning timber, to safeguard the supplies needed to build the fleet. This meant the

########
Rank: 2
Score: 41.51994
Retrieved Text: Sparkling wines are well known for their tiny bubbles that race to the surface. Sparkling wine is one of the most exotic yet refreshing types of wine, providing memories and happiness once the cork is released into the air. For many years, this exotic wine has proven to be among the most popular types of wine for celebrations and special achievements. By looking at sparkling wines, you'll find them to be a complete mystery. When tasting the wine, friends and lovers choose to discuss the refreshing, nutty aroma.
Even though these type of wines are very popular, it can be hard to describe. Although the taste and aroma can be right there, lingering in the air - it's still something that is nearly impossible to find the words for. When you first open a bottle of sparkling wine, the carbon dioxide aroma that instantly fills the air is an experience that you have to smell to believe. A true feast for all of your senses, sparkling wine can instantly put you at ease. Drinking these wines is a feast for your taste buds, bringing several different flavors to rest on your tongue at the same time.
Even though the nature of sparkling wines are really unknown, society as a whole as really accepted it. Although many don't realize it, the crisp and delicate taste of this wine isn't what made it what it is today. Similar to the shine and splendor of the finest diamonds, sparkling wines emits a truly elegant aura and romance that makes it easy

########
Rank: 3
Score: 41.329723
Retrieved Text: Whether you’re celebrating the New Year or just enjoying some bubbly at the end of a long week, you may be curious about what you’re pouring into your glass. We all know that there are differences between true Champagne and other sparkling wines, but what are they? Let’s test your Champagne IQ and see if you know whether or not these statements are fact or fiction.
True or False? It’s only “Champagne” if it was made in Champagne, France.
True! Sparkling wine can only be called “Champagne” if it has been grown and bottled in the Champagne region of France.
With that being said, true champagne can get pretty pricey. Of course, it’s nice to have French Champagne every once in awhile as a treat or on special occasions, but what if you’re on a budget? No problem, because there are plenty of similarly made sparkling wines in different regions that are delicious in their own right without the Champagne price tag. For instance, Cremant is a sparkling wine produced in the Alsace, Bordeaux, Bourgogne, Jura, Limoux and Loire regions of France made with a wide range of grapes. These wines cannot be called Champagne due to their location but they can be equally appealing.
True AND false. It depends on the wine. Cava, a sparkling wine made in Spain for example, is produced using the same traditional method as Champagne. There are also several other regions that use this method including the areas of France mentioned above.
The main aspect of the traditional method that sets it apart from other

########
Rank: 4
Score: 39.728764
Retrieved Text: Today’s date in 1693 is the date traditionally ascribed to Dom Pérignon’s invention of champagne. This has nothing to do with the actual development of champagne – of course – but it’s as good an excuse as any to post about bubbly.
The Romans were the first known inhabitants to plant vineyards in the Champagne region. The name Champagne comes from the Latin campania and referred to the similarities between the rolling hills of the province and the Italian countryside of Campania located south of Rome. The area was divided into the Champagne pouilleuse—the chalky, barren plains east of Reims—and Champagne viticole, the forested hillside region known as the Montagne de Reims between Reims and the Marne river where the vines were planted. While vineyards were undoubtedly planted earlier, the first recorded vineyard belonged to St. Remi in the 5th century. For most of the region’s early history, the wines from Champagne were not known as “Champagne” or even vin de Champagne. Rather they were known as vins de Reims and vins de la rivère in reference to the Marne river which provided a vital trade route via the Seine with Paris. Champagne’s location at the crossroads of two major trading routes, one east–west between Paris and the Rhineland and the other north–south between Flanders and Switzerland, brought the region and its wines much prosperity and notoriety but also played a pivotal role in Champagne being the site of countless battles and occupations.
During the Middle Ages, the wines of the Champagne region were various shades of light

########
Rank: 5
Score: 39.632275
Retrieved Text: I’m giving a thumbs-up to French non-Champagne sparkling wines (aka Crémants). The Louis Bouillot Crémant de Bourgogne rosé ($17 at Sherry-Lehmann) was on my recent to-try list, and did not disappoint. Lovely pale-coral hue in the glass (apologies for the poor-quality photo), softly effervescent with a hint of watermelon and cream on the palate, it offers an inexpensive alternative to a rosé Champagne.
In the meantime, drink more sparkling wines, more often—whether from France or anywhere else that is producing it. They pair spectacularly with many foods. And sparklers offer variety that many of us have not yet explored.
If you only stick with French Crémants, you’ll find a lot to choose from. Manhattan’s wonderful Chambers Street Wines, for instance, currently has on hand a Burgundy Crémant, Tripoz, made from 100% Chardonnay ($26) and a rosé from Jura, Bodines NV Arbois ($24), that blends Pinot Noir, Trousseau and Poulsard.
Crémants from Alsace are popular. Conjure an alsacienne Pinot Blanc or Reisling, but in bubbly form. Sherry-Lehmann carries an Albrecht Brut Blanc de Blanc from Alsace for $17. Loire winemakers are also producing sparkers.
So, aside from not commanding their price premiums, what sets Crémants apart from their Champagne cousins? Since the same méthode champegnoise is commonly employed across producers, it comes down to terroir and, usually, grape varieties. (Burgundian Crémants will more closely match the varietal blends of Champagne—Chardonnay and Pinot Noir—than those from other French appellations.) Sample a few and decide what you like.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 39.568153
Retrieved Text: Sparkling wine is the wine of fashion and celebration. Whether on New Year’s Eve or at a wedding, it remains the classic wine to make a toast with. It is also symbol of success and happiness. Though it is a style of wine that has taken Israelis time to learn to appreciate, sparkling wines have become very popular almost overnight in Israel. The number of imported sparklers, mainly Cava from Spain or Prosecco from Italy, has increased dramatically. To counteract the invasion, and for those that want to drink ‘blue and white’, Israel is today making an excellent range of sparkling wines of all styles, at every price point.
Champagne is the ultimate expression of the art, which is replicated by ‘traditional method’ sparkling wines made elsewhere. It is little known, but between the late 1950’s and 1980’s, Carmel produced genuine ‘méthode champenoise’ sparkling wines. It was expensive undertaking needing a special work force as everything was done by hand. There was also little understanding and no market for expensive sparkling wine in those days and so they eventually stopped production. It was too unprofitable. The only remaining clue of a champagne past, are the old pupitres, which can still be seen at the Rishon Le Zion Cellars.
Carmel’s specialist winemaker for sparkling wines was Koby Gat. He was a Francophile and his main interest was in sparkling wines. As Carmel’s focus changed, his did also and he later became the company agronomist looking after Carmel’s vineyards. The main wine flying the flag for Israel was President’s Sparkling

########
Rank: 7
Score: 39.544327
Retrieved Text: Which Rosé Champagne should I be drinking? — The Whisky Exchange Whisky Blog Which Rosé Champagne should I be drinking?
Home SPIRITS & LIQUEURS Champagne Which Rosé Champagne should I be drinking?
Valentine’s Day is fast approaching, and since all things pink have become the symbol of the season, we thought we’d choose some of our favourite fizzes.
This is a perennial favourite, and one that will never disappoint. The house was founded in 1818, when Nicolas François Billecart married Elisabeth Salmon, and the family have continued to make wine for seven generations. This was the first rosé I listed by the glass when I was a sommelier, and it is still the rosé I go back to time and time again.
Billecart-Salmon Brut Rosé has a beautiful onion skin colour, with notes of wild strawberries, cherry blossom and almonds. It pairs very well with sushi and light fish dishes.
I am almost loathe to recommend this one, as it is a one of those superbly well-priced champagnes that you don’t want to get too popular and go up in price. Veuve Fourny Vertus Rosé is made from grapes from the wonderful premier-cru village of Vertus, in heart of the Côtes de Blancs. Made up of 67% Chardonnay and 33% Pinot Noir, it is delicate and elegant.
It’s taste is fresh and vibrant, with white flowers and raspberries. Try this with langoustines or a fish soup.
Bollinger first released its Grand Annee Rosé in the 1970s, but came late to the game with non-vintage wine. Bollinger Rosé was only launched it in 2008,

########
Rank: 8
Score: 38.925697
Retrieved Text: We have learned a lot about Champagne. If you are just tuning in please read Santa Prefers Bubbles and Keeping With Tradition. While champagne comes from Champagne there is a sparkling wines from around the world waiting to be enjoyed.
Cremant – French sparkling wine from anywhere other than Champagne.
All of these, with the exception of most Sekt, are made using the traditional method. There are some differences though. Grapes, climate, and time on lees vary and affect the flavors.
Chenin Blanc is a popular grape in Cap Classique and Cremant from the Loire Valley. These wines have more floral notes and body. Cava uses three indigenous grapes: Macabeo, Xarel-lo, and Paralleda. Chardonnay has been allowed in Cava only in recent years. Cava is known for an earthy, rubbery flavor.
There are New World examples as well. One of our favorites, Gloria Ferrer, is from California. We especially enjoy the fuller body of Gloria Ferrer Blanc de Noir. Gruet is from New Mexico and we found their Blanc de Blanc Gruet to be bready and yeasty with a lot of body and pronounced lemon flavor.
Nine months on lees are required and most are not aged as long as champagne. These wines will therefore have less yeast and attic flavors and in some cases more fruit.
Interesting tidbit. Moet & Chandon recently began making sparkling wine in India. Have you tried a sparkling wine from an unusual place? Tell us about it. Next post we’ll tell you about some sparklers from the Pacific Northwest plus share recommendations from our wine friends.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 38.608246
Retrieved Text: Decanter magazine recently published a highly inaccurate letter about a topic that demands a full and swift response. It was written by Hugh Johnson, who I admire more than any other living wine writer. I caught the wine bug from his epic and totally revolutionary The World Atlas of Wine, which was the first work of reference to give wine a sense of place. When I picked up that book, it changed my life: wine became my career. I literally owe Hugh my livelihood, but he could not have got things more wrong when it came to his recent letter. And because time is very much of the essence, as readers will discover, I cannot wait for Decanter to publish a response. Nor would a letter be a sufficient response. The only way to achieve a timely publication of a sufficiently comprehensive response is to do it myself, here on wine-pages.
In the Letters column of the September issue of Decanter, Hugh marginalises the relevance of one “William Merrett” [sic] and bizarrely suggests that Sir Kenelm Digby should be regarded as the real hero of the méthode champenoise revolution. As Merret’s famous paper was written on 17 December 1662, it would be grossly unfair to allow Hugh’s error-strewn letter to ruin the 350th anniversary of his paper’s place in history. Obviously Hugh meant Christopher Merret, not William Merrett (although his surname can be spelt with either one or two ‘t’s, there is good reason why I use one1), but he is plain wrong, not just confused, in

########
Rank: 10
Score: 38.38866
Retrieved Text: There could be no New Year table without sparkling wine. And if the New Year celebration is accompanied with sparkling wine from the famous Champagne Appellation, the feeling of satisfaction is doubled. However, good champagnes are still a deficit in Georgia and you can come across them only in a couple of specialized wine stores. This is why, when you start selecting wines for the New Year in Tbilisi, you will be more likely to choose from a range of sparkling wines.
Of course, you can’t miss the sparkling wines of Bagrationi 1882, specialist producer of sparkling wines. For the last ten years, Bagrationi has made a full modernization of its enterprise and significantly improved the quality of its products. The company uses several Georgian grape species to produce dry, semi-dry and semi-sweet sparkling wines. These species are Tsitska, Chinuri, Goruli Green, Green Kakhuri, Rkatsiteli, and Tavkveri. Special mention must go the Bagrationi Rose made of Tavkveri – a rose sparkling wine which revealed the potential of the Kartli region grape type Tavkveri in the production of rose-type sparkling wines. I would advise the Georgian rose sparkling wines for New Year for those who like light wines.
In wine stores, you can also come across fizzy wines which differ from sparkling wines in that they are artificially charged with carbon. Yet I would still advise you to stick to sparkling wines. However, if you choose to buy New Year wines from the lower-priced segment, then, out of curiosity, you might grab a bottle of fizzy wine as well,

########
Rank: 11
Score: 38.254738
Retrieved Text: Champagne, the original sparkling wine is produced only in the same-named region in France. It is made using the traditional Méthode Champenoise process. This is what gives it those tiny bubbles. Sparkling wine producers from other countries or regions are prohibited from using the term Champagne.
In America, eighty percent of Champagne and sparkling wine is consumed between Thanksgiving and New Year’s Day. For many, Champagne and sparkling wine are indulgences reserved for only-the-most-special occasions. I believe these beverages should be enjoyed year round. Champagnes often have lofty prices, making them too expensive for every day drinking. Fortunately, there are many excellent Champagne alternatives that aren’t budget busters.
America produces several affordable sparkling wines. Most wineries use a combination of Chardonnay, Pinot Noir and/or Pinot Meunier, the same grape varieties used in the Méthode Champenoise process. The producers below use this superior method.
Schramsberg Mirabelle Brut Rosé $28 – The Napa Valley AVA winery has been making sparkling wines for close to 50 years. Schramsberg’s lush-tasting bubbly undergoes aging for two years in their caves.
Gruet Brut $16 – Don’t be fooled by their New Mexico location. The Gruet family has been making Champagne in France since 1952 and in New Mexico since 1989. This American sparkling is complex, full-bodied and a bargain. It’s one of my favorites.
Laetitia NV Brut Cuvée $26 – The Santa Barbara area winery uses Pinot Noir, Chardonnay and Pinot Blanc, a genetic mutation of Pinot Noir. This slight variation is a positive and certainly worth a try.
Cremant sparkling wine also uses the traditional method. It’s

########
Rank: 12
Score: 38.20943
Retrieved Text: London diners are spending more on wine, according to 34-strong restaurant group D&D London, which saw average bottle spend grow 6.5% in December.
What's more, some of London's top restaurants including Angler, Orrery, Butler's Wharf Chophouse, Launceston Place and Bluebird, all reported an increase of more than 10% in average bottle spend over the past year. D&D pointed out that the increase was not due to price changes but rather diners' wine choices.
D&D’s Crafthouse & AngelicaD&D’s Crafthouse & Angelica venue in Leeds, where 37% of total wine sales were sparkling.
On the sparkling wine front, the group's Bluebird restaurant on the King's Road in Chelsea saw sparkling wine sales grow to make up one third (33%) of all wine sold there. Perhaps more surprising is that Champagne and sparkling wine sales at D&D's Leeds outlets are proportionally higher than its London venues. At Crafthouse and Angelica in the Trinity Leeds centre, 37% of all wine sales are sparkling or Champagne. In keeping with national trends, Prosecco is growing in popularity, but D&D said well-known brands including Veuve Clicquot, Moët & Chandon, Laurent Perrier Rosé and house Champagne, Devaux, are still the most popular choices for major celebrations.
According to the group's sales analysis, Londoners are increasingly willing to experiment more to try lesser-known wine regions. At the group's New Street Wine Shop sales are up of wines from countries including Croatia, Turkey and Armenia. It expects to see an increase in sales of its already popular Brazilian wines during this summer's football World Cup.
D&D's Crafthouse & Angelica venue in

########
Rank: 13
Score: 38.029892
Retrieved Text: Life is filled with moments shared over a glass of wine, whether fueling a gossip session with friends, or destressing after a long day of school. But what are the best options for the average broke college student who can’t afford a $50 bottle of wine? Each week, columnist Susana Alcantar will discuss different wine options for under $15, where to get them in Westwood and which are worth your money.
No New Year’s Eve celebration is complete without flutes of bubbly wine.
Many of us are familiar with sparkling wine, although we often refer to it as Champagne. However, most of the Champagne can’t be labeled as Champagne unless it was specifically made in the Champagne region of France.
As I shopped for sparkling wines, I decided to purchase sparkling wines from different regions, as I’ve heard different regions can result in different tastes.
The first wine I purchased was Cook’s Brut California Champagne for $10.99 at Rite Aid. When I saw the bottle I was confused as to why it said Champagne on the label when it wasn’t made in France. After some online research, I discovered sparkling wines made in the United States can be labeled as Champagne if produced prior to 2006.
I got back home and immediately opened the bottle to share a glass with my roommate, celebrating our last days of freedom as midterms approached. The color of the wine was a pale yellow, almost transparent. It was also very carbonated, which made me smile – the bubblier the wine, the better.
As I took a

########
Rank: 14
Score: 38.007576
Retrieved Text: It is often said that nothing in the vast world of sparkling wine tastes quite like Champagne. It is a fair observation, frequently noted by the Champenoise themselves. Most experts on the subject attribute the unique taste and structure of Champagne to the chalky soils of the region, with a bit of influence from the cool climate.
Other sparkling wines, particularly those from France, Italy and Spain, simply don't measure up to Champagne in the arena of public opinion — or price.
Throughout the New World, sparkling wines produced with the latest state-of-the- art technology and impeccable vineyard management abound. Yet no one would mention the bubblies of Australia, Chile, Argentina or, for the most part, America in the same breath with Champagne.
In particular, America has a long and slightly shameless history of faux "Champagne," which would be sparkling wines labeled "Champagne" in an attempt to co-opt the legitimate French AOC as a generic term intended to be applied to all sparkling wine.
For the most part, one sip was all that was required to confirm the obvious: Putting "Champagne" on the label does not magically transform ordinary bubbly into exquisite Champagne.
Still, efforts to replicate Champagne go on, and not without some success. A handful of producers in California make sparkling wines that compare favorably to the real thing. Located in the North Coast region that encompasses Sonoma and Mendocino counties and the Napa Valley, there exists a group of wineries that consistently craft the world's finest sparkling wines outside of Champagne.
They are to be applauded for their tenacity,

########
Rank: 15
Score: 37.98973
Retrieved Text: Let’s be honest, almost anything will be amazing after taking back multiple beverages on New Year’s Eve, but there is also nothing worse than ringing in the New Year with a terrible taste in your mouth. I say this because I have had some really bad experiences with New Years bubbles myself. Everyone banging their glasses together followed by a “Man, was that gross!?” is not what you hope to happen.
Although most of us can’t afford to spend $50-$100 on a bottle of Dom Perignon or some other fancy champagne, I am on a mission to find a great tasting version for under $25 bucks.
Disclaimer: I am no wine aficionado, but I do enjoy several glasses from time to time. After taking some tips from this Champagne 101 blog, I have selected sparkling wines I thought would be just as delicious as the more expensive bottles that Jay-Z touts.
Why I bought it: I figured that since I love California Pinot Noir and Chardonnay, this had to be good!
Initial impression: It was pretty dry, which explains the “Brut”. Drier than I expected, but it still had an interesting flavor overall. I’d buy it again, but maybe look at a slightly sweeter version.
Bonus: I was able to pop this cork without spilling wine everywhere!
Why I bought it: I recently read an article that discussed Blanc de Blancs which are made with all white grapes and easy to drink, so I thought I’d give it a try.
First impression: I’m sorry, but this one smells like old cheese. I think

########
Rank: 16
Score: 37.955994
Retrieved Text: Oh Prosecco…. Why don’t more people love you? With juice like Luca Paretti, there’s no reason to not celebrate the end of the work day everyday.
You can always find D.O.C. and D.O.C.G. designations on the neck of Italian wines.
This Prosecco is a D.O.C.(Denominazione di Origine Controllata) wine. That’s a guarantee that the producers followed the strictest regulations possible to make it. This designation only applies to Italian wines. In other words, 100% quality.
Løvo(lōh-vōh) is a dry sparkling with steely vibe to match it’s clean, crisp finish. It’s barely fruity with subtle flavors of citrus, stone fruits, and even some tropical fruit like pineapple or passion fruit.
Personally, I love a good bottle of bubbles any day and I don’t need a special occasion to indulge my inner lush with this spectacularly golden glass of effervescent nectar. This is a great sparkling to have around for surprise company, a Saints victory, or just cuz y’all.
Luca Paretti Løvo Brut will cost you $16.99. You can also sip it by the glass at Wine Country Bistro.
A lot of people think that Champagne is only a celebratory beverage. Personally, I think a small victory Tuesday morning, is worth celebrating with bubbles on Tuesday evening. That being said, I’m going to say something you need to hear: It’s okay to drink sparkling wine anytime you want!
So let’s shed some light on sparkling wine.
First of all, I’m sure you’ve seen the word “Brut” on a bottle of bubbles. Basically, that can let you know how dry the wine inside is. From driest to

########
Rank: 17
Score: 37.94499
Retrieved Text: Yeah this is one of the hardest questions to answer when you’re in the early stages of your wine drinking. A glass of bubbly is a glass of bubbly, right? How many of you refer to every sparkling wine you drink as Champagne?
The first difference between sparkling wines are where they’re made. Champagne is from North East France. Prosecco is from North East Italy. Cava is (mostly) from North East Spain. To be precise it’s from a few different areas (mostly around the North East). Penedes, in Catalonia, is by far the biggest area of production, it’s why you float around Barcelona (hopefully) from Cava bar to Cava bar. But it can be made all the way up to the Basque Country. So the climate where the grapes are grown do vary quite a bit.
The grapes they’re made from are obviously a big factor in how they’re going to taste. I haven’t come across Cava grapes in anything else really. They might be in a few regional wines that do it, but not that I’ve seen on the shelves in the UK. Xarel-Lo, Macabeu, and Parellada are the three main varieties. I just love the way they sound. They sound so…well…Spanish!
The method that’s used to make them will have the biggest difference on the final finish. Cava uses the same method as they do in Champagne. It’s called the traditional method. It’s where a still wine is put in a bottle with some more sugar and yeast, covered up, and allowed to ferment more. The gas

########
Rank: 18
Score: 37.899303
Retrieved Text: Planning a menu for a wedding and choosing stations for cocktail hour can be a daunting task as it is. Some choices are based upon the happy couple’s personal preferences, some are based on exciting food trends, some are old standbys, and some are recommended by the caterer. So the next challenge for the couple is choosing the wines to be served at their wedding, and what a challenge it can be! Fortunately, there are some basic guidelines for choosing.
Depending on the facility, the couple may or may not feel it is necessary to upgrade from the standard “house wines” offered. The couple may wonder whether their guests will be able to taste the difference and if the upgrade is worth considering. It is important to remember that the catering facility probably will not be offering their very best selections as “house wines,” and so if the couple feels they can afford the upgrade, choosing good quality wines for the most special night of their life together is usually money well-spent.
The first wine to choose is the Champagne or sparkling wine for the toast. Often, the catering facility will offer a domestic sparkling wine. There are many good quality domestic sparkling wines, such as Domaine Chandon and Roederer Estate – both are owned by prestigious Champagne houses in France. For a unique sparkling wine, try Italian Prosecco or Spanish Cava. If the couple would like to upgrade to a true Champagne from the Champagne region of France, they may wish to consider a non-vintage Champagne from

########
Rank: 19
Score: 37.86756
Retrieved Text: English sparkling wine is set to be the surprise fizz on a record number of dinner tables this Christmas, Tesco drinks experts predict.
In the last year the supermarket has seen Champagne customers switching allegiance and now buying English sparkling wine.
Sales data reveals that nearly a third of the retailer’s English sparkling wine customers previously bought Champagne.
In that time demand for English fizz such as Chapel Down’s Brut and Rose and Tesco finest* English Sparkling Wine made by Hush Heath Estate have grown by more than 60 per cent across the UK market according to wine retail specialists CGA.
Tesco Champagne and sparkling wine buyer Rob Dixon said: “The incredible success of Prosecco over the last few years has opened the cellar door for other quality sparkling wines and this year early sales suggest English fizz will make it onto the Christmas table for the first time.
“The quality of English sparkling wine has massively improved over the last few years and there has been a lot of investment in production techniques and especially in the actual growing of the grapes as well as training, knowledge and expertise of English winemakers.
In the last decade the number of acres planted with grapevines in England and Wales has grown by 135 per cent, according to the English Wine Producers trade body.
And over the next 12 months UK wine producers will plant a record 1 million vines, increasing production by two million more bottles of wine annually.
“The quality of English sparkling wines has also been helped by warmer weather over the last

########
Rank: 20
Score: 37.845165
Retrieved Text: A bottle of bubbly signifies celebration. Mainly, perhaps, because it cries out to be shared. Effervescence fades, and we don’t want to be left alone with flat fizz. So what better topic for our next sociable organic wine tasting than an evening of sparkling wine?
Champagne holds hegemony over all things bubbly. And though unrivalled in prestige (and price), there is more to sparkling wine than Champagne. Not least on our own soils.
English wine shares some of the flavours of champagne, and some champagne houses have even started investing in English vineyards. The shared limestone chalk soils are a marked similarity – and the northerly climate is ideal for the lean style, crisp fruit character and high acidity of Champagne. You can make good sparkling wines from under-ripe fruit, which makes them a good bet for our marginal climate, at the margins of where grape growing is possible.
But let’s move away from the fine wine end of bubbles, and discuss less formal fizz. After all, by volume, we drink far more Prosecco than Champagne. Indeed, value sales of Prosecco in the UK outstripped Champagne in 2015 for the first time. Part of its attraction is that it offers affordable froth. Why is it so much cheaper? Well, it’s partly prestige and pedigree; but it’s mainly the significantly lower cost of the winemaking method.
All (except the very cheapest) sparkling wines undergo a secondary fermentation. In the traditional (“or Champagne”) method, this happens in each individual bottle. This keeps the wine in close contact with its lees, or dead

########
Rank: 21
Score: 37.726974
Retrieved Text: The holidays are a time for celebration, which also means they are a time for sparkling wine. As the year winds down, many people are picking up bottles of bubbly for their winter celebrations.
But the average consumer is often beset by anxieties. How do you choose a sparkling wine that suits your tastes? How do you open a bottle without the risk of taking out someone’s eye? And where do all those bubbles come from, anyway?
Fear not. Our guide will have you popping bottles of fizz like it’s no big deal, and putting partygoers in awe of your bubbly knowledge.
A tightly enforced Appellation d’Origine means that only sparkling wines from the Champagne region in France can be sold as “Champagne.” These wines are produced with farming and winemaking and ageing practices specific to the region, and made exclusively with Chardonnay, Pinot noir and Pinot Meunier grapes (well, there are a few other minor grapes allowed in the fine print…).
Champagne is the most famous sparkling wine, but other designations exist, such as Cava from Spain, Asti and Moscato d’Asti from Italy, Sekt from Germany, and Espumante from Portugal. Smart wineries in British Columbia are harnessing our unique ability to maintain natural acidity in ripe grapes, and there are many award-winning bottles to sample.
Bubbly’s flavour can run from very dry to very sweet, but if you only speak English, don’t expect the labels to make these designations clear. In order to buy a sparkling wine that best suits your tastes, you’ll need to do some decoding.
In the past,

########
Rank: 22
Score: 37.624622
Retrieved Text: As the year comes to an end, we know what’s on the top of your shopping list: Champagne, I mean, Sparkling Wine. Do you want to walk into your local venue as an alcohol expert? I did some research and am here to share it with you.
The First and most important thing I learned is this: Champagne is made in France, and if it’s not made in France its called Sparkling Wine or Bubbles. I didn’t know that, did you? Apparently, it’s because these grapes are grown in the Champagne region of France. Otherwise, it is illegal to label any product Champagne. Now that we have that cleared, when we visit the liquor store we are looking for Sparkling Wines, well unless you actually want Champagne.
Second, sparkling wine is essentially regular wine but with high levels of carbon dioxide, which is what causes the bubbles: It can either be formed naturally through fermentation within a bottle or tank, or it can be injected into the wine manually.
Third, sparkling wines are generally white or rosé, but sometimes red wine is used.
Fourth, the most common grapes used in the production of sparkling wine are Chardonnay, Pinot Noir or Pinot Meunier.
Fifth, while there are several different styles of sparkling wine, the most popular type is “brut,” a dry style that pairs well with any meal. “Demi-sec,” is a much sweeter type and can come in a variety of flavors such as; strawberry, apple, pear, nuts, and vanilla with fresh aromas of apple, pear, and baked bread.
This Sparkling Wine is

########
Rank: 23
Score: 37.613976
Retrieved Text: Supersize My Order and Save Big!
Bubbly wines come in a multitude of style from a variety of grapes and blends of grapes. Often they can rank among the most expensive in the world. This is why they are typically associated with celebrations. However, they are great to drink on any occasion. In this value pack you will get 3 examples of inexpensive, but high quality sparkling wines. Not all bubbly wines need break the bank.
The Germans are one of the world's largest consumers of sparkling wine. Not surprisingly, they make some great examples to quench that thirst. This rose Sekt is made from a blend of grapes including Pinot Noir, and Dornfelder from both the Pfalz and Rheinhessen regions in Germany. You will find bing cherry, strawberry, and raspberry flavors with notes of red carnation flowers, and chalk.
"Cremant" is the French term for wines made in the Traditional Method, or the same way as Champagne, but produced in one of several region outside of Champagne. The specific region follows the word Cremant. This sparkling wine is produced in the Loire River Valley in the northwest of France. There, the cool, continental climate is similar to that of Champagne, and ideal for making complex, refreshing sparkling wine. One of the primary grape of the Loire Valley is Chenin Blanc - in Vouvray, Savennieres, and several other appelations. This bottle is 80% Chenin Blanc and 20% Chardonnay, which brings a little more roundness and complexity to the blend. Full of ripe golden fruit and biscuity flavors, this Cremant

########
Rank: 24
Score: 37.583138
Retrieved Text: Nicholas Corfe of Go Brazil Wines discusses the ways in which we view wine as a status symbol – and why increased knowledge and interest means consumers can “think outside the box” when selecting special occasion wines.
It seems that never a week goes by without the results of a new survey or poll being published, and last week was no different. In the Metro newspaper we spotted a survey that asked 2000 people to list their top ‘40 Signs that you’ve made it’ and we were amused, but not entirely surprised, to see a number of references to wines, Champagne and Prosecco. Coming in at an impressive 14th position ( out of 40 ) was ‘having a wine cellar’, while ‘knowing about wine’ was also listed, although rather lower down. ‘Drinking Champagne rather than Prosecco’ was perhaps more predictable, as was the wonderful ‘always having Champagne in the fridge’ and the slightly more modest ‘having a well-stocked home bar’!
One hesitates to draw too many conclusions but it would seem that enjoyment and knowledge of wines – and Champagne in particular – are seen as something to aspire to, and may just add a touch of sophistication and colour to our lives. It is certainly true that the number of people attending formal WSET ( Wine & Spirit Education) courses, both in the UK and abroad, is increasing, while our own experiences as a company suggest that there are numerous, thriving groups of wine clubs and societies up and down the country. We have also witnessed a

########
Rank: 25
Score: 37.551434
Retrieved Text: MONTREAL, October 3, 2018 — So often, champagne is used to celebrate the seminal moments in our lives: weddings, anniversaries, New Year’s Eve, job promotions, but the celebratory bubbles’ origin is more contentious than you’d think.
The Romans were the first to plant vineyards in the region now known as Champagne. Their version of the wine however, wasn’t the light and effervescent product we’re familiar with, but a pale, pinkish still wine made from Pinot Noir.
Those from the Champagne region were envious of the red wine produced by nearby Burgundy. The cold winter months made it difficult to produce high-quality reds. Grapes from the north of France struggled to ripen and rendered thinner, lighter bodied wines containing bubbles – an epic faux-pas in viniculture at this time.
Eventually the region developed a signature brand of sparkling wine that grew beyond France and was enjoyed by members of high society across Europe, and even Russia.
Once established as a premier luxury item, producers in the Champagne region sought to keep their brand undiluted by winemakers making bubbly with grapes from other parts of the world.
In 1919, the first official boundaries were drawn delineating the area in which a vineyard could produce true Champagne. Champagne’s Appellation d’Origine Controlée (AOC) was established by French law excluding anyone from outside the region to call their wine, champagne.
The age-old question: Champagne or sparkling wine?
Is there a shorter answer?
Determining whether or not you’re about to toast with a glass of champagne or sparkling wine is fairly simple. Thanks to a nifty marketing campaign and the

########
Rank: 26
Score: 37.49468
Retrieved Text: Is Champagne the same as sparkling wine? Don’t take the Millennials for dummies: they can tell the difference. This information and more comes from a study conducted by Sonoma State University through a few focus groups of Millennials, composed of 21 men and 25 women.
Let’s forget about the 9 out of the 47 participants who dislike bubbles in a wine and wouldn’t buy Champagne or sparkling wines. 5 of them knew that all sparkling wines are not Champagne – a minority. A majority of them perceived Champagne as more expensive than sparklers.
The blind tasting gave even more significant conclusions. 21 Millennials preferred a Spanish cava (priced $10-$12). The US sparkling wine was the favorite of 16 Millennials at the same price as the Spanish wine. The Champagne, more expensive and certainly more complex, was the favorite of 10 Millennials.
How often do they drink Champagne? 57% drink it only on special occasion while 21% said they drank it once or twice a month and 22% almost every week.
This is, of course, a very partial study, conducted only in California. It can’t be extrapoled to all American Millennials but considering the focus groups were certainly significant, it gives us the major trends: Millennials don’t really differentiate Champagne from sparklers, they enjoy simpler and sweeter sparkling wines and drink it very occasionnaly. I must say I’m a little skeptical to read that 22% of them drink Champagne once a week: they must have a big wine budget, cocnsidering the price of Champagne in the US! But maybe I’m just

########
Rank: 27
Score: 37.476154
Retrieved Text: For non-alcoholic champagne, prosecco or cava are nowadays good alternatives. We are always looking for the best alcohol-free bubbles. With a choice of more than 55 good alcohol-free sparkling wines, you are guaranteed to find the tastiest bubbles without alcohol. Salute!
Non-alcoholic sparkling wines are de-alcoholised: the alcohol is extracted afterwards from the normally produced sparkling wine. However, also alcohol-free champagne, prosecco and cava are protected names. Only sparkling wines produced according to specific methods in certain French, Italian and Spanish regions may bear these names. Therefore non-alcoholic champagnes, proseccos and cavas are not available.
Fortunately, there are many delicious alternative bubbles without alcohol for all your festive moments. Whether you're looking for a delicious non-alcoholic sparkling red wine, a non-alcoholic sparkling white wine or a non-alcoholic sparkling rosé. But also sparkling fruit wine without alcohol and even sparkling Halal wine.
You like bubbles, no alcohol? Buy your favorite non-alcoholic sparkling wine safely online at Deliciousdrinksshop.co.uk. All wines can be ordered individually and are usually delivered within 4 working days with buyer protection up to £ 2,500.
In addition to the best non-alcoholic champagne, prosecco and cava alternatives, you will also find the best non-alcoholic wines, non-alcoholic cocktails, liqueurs without alcohol, non-alcoholic whiskey, gin and vodka, ciders without alcohol and 0.0 beer. Choose your favourite from more than 200 non-alcoholic drinks and enjoy 100% taste with 0% alcohol.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 37.446598
Retrieved Text: Get to know the other sparkling wines of France; from the aromatic Chenin Blanc-based Vouvray to the strawberry-like Pinot Noir Crémant d’Alsace Rosé. There is also an old style of sparkling wine production that was popular during King Henry the VIII’s era. What’s surprising to note is that many of these regions will cost you less than twenty to get into.
A great bottle of bubbly makes life feel just a bit more amazing. It happens when those tiny bubbles hit your tongue. In that moment, you realize all the little things that bother you, don’t matter. You find yourself relaxing and appreciating everything you a little bit more. As it happens, there are 23 French bubbly regions including Champagne. It has been recently noted, that Limoux in the Languedoc-Roussillon may in fact be truly the first French bubbly region.
Beyond the term ‘Brut’ (which describes the sweetness level in bubbly), there two primary methods used for making sparkling wine in France: Methode Traditionelle and Methode Ancestrale.
This is the method that Champagne uses to make sparkling wine. This bubbly-making technique is also employed in all the Crémant regions, “Mousseux” Appellations in the Loire and a few others such as Bugey and Seyssel. It’s quite likely if the the bottle says ‘Brut’ that it’s Methode Traditionelle. Just look for the small-printed “Methode Traditionelle” or “Methode Champenoise” on the label. You will find there are a few select producers who make really solid quality wines that are perfect for midweek sipping and usually last up to 2 nights.
FACT: Methode Champenoise

########
Rank: 29
Score: 37.42942
Retrieved Text: Crémant: Is This The New Champagne?
Home / Wine Tips And Knowledge / Crémant: Is This The New Champagne?
Crémant is a sparkling wine, which is produced in France, using the same methods as Champagne and Cava. Crémant can be produced in 8 different wine regions - including Alsace, Bordeaux, Loire, Bourgogne and Jura. With increasing popularity, low prices and good reputation, we wanted to discover the difference between Crémants and Champagne.
Champagne refers to the sparkling wines from Champagne, whereas Crémant is produced from other French wine regions. Both wines are produced using the same wine producing methods (Traditional) and both hold similar notes of biscuit flavours.
Methode Traditionelle refers to the winemaking process which is used for Champagne and Crémant. This method requires the second fermentation with the lees (sediment from the second fermentation) to be in the bottle. The sediment is normally made up of yeast, which helps to give these wines their natural fizz. This process also requires ageing of at least 12 months before these can be sold, to allow the sediment to ferment properly and create the sparkling ability in these wines.
Champagne is known for its sparkling wines, with high guidelines to produce quality wines. The history of Champagne dates back to the 19th Century, where Champagnes were sweet, instead of dry. Crémants, although their guidelines may be a little more relaxed, can still hold the great quality which Champagne holds. Crémants are almost always cheaper than Champagne and are thought to be just as good.
The second fermentation must occur in the bottle.
White Crémant

================



======= Instance Index 1546 =========
Input Text: Read the following conversation and answer the question.

Crystal: Welcome to ABC's Campus Interview Series. I'm David Crystal. Tonight, we shall share the story of Vet, a senior at Lee High School. Vet, what was life like for you as a child?

Vet: Life was fun. I was always very loved, even without my father around. I was somewhat of a troublemaker, but I have a lot of good memories to show for it. Being a child was the best time of my life.

Crystal: How have your childhood years affected who you are today?

Vet: I was raised by very strong, supportive people. My mother and sisters have a lot to do with who I am. I also learned many lessons, good and bad, which have made me a strong adult. They have helped me realize what I need to do to be happy. My mother has always been the best person in my life. She has never let me down, and has always been very supportive. Whenever I needed a friend, she was one. My sisters have also been there for me. When my morn was getting her college degree, she would be out late, and my sisters stepped in and played morn. They are my best friends and give me great advice.

Crystal: What have been some of your biggest trials, and how have you overcome them?

Vet: The biggest trial in my life was when I got pregnant sophomore year. It was a new road to travel. I didn't have to get over it, I had to accept it and learn to adapt. Another trial would be trying to get over the love of my life, my baby's father. We were engaged, but things went the other way. I had to learn to love myself more than I loved a man.

Crystal: Who helped you during your pregnancy?

Vet: My morn and sisters were everything I needed them to be-a mother, sister, boyfriend, best friend and father. All my friends were there for me, I could cry to them whenever I needed to. I'm especially thankful for my morn. It was hard for her to deal with two pregnant children at the same time. The dad and his family were also there, which was a blessing

Crystal: When a bad situation comes up, what do you do?

Vet: I try to find the best way to deal with it. I am often faced with...

Question: When Vet was pregnant, her mother and sisters were everything she needed them to be but ______. 

- mother

- girlfriend

- father

Target Text: girlfriend

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 41.812492
Retrieved Text: "It was a little over a month later when she called and asked if I'd be willing to adopt all five girls," said Lacey. "I was shocked, because that must have been a hard decision to make. She had been considering it for a few weeks, but was worried that her family might judge her. "
The birth mother's decision to give up her daughters showed she loved them more than she loved herself—she needed to do what was best for the girls. As for Lacey, she never once considered separating the sisters from one another. During the year-long adoption process, the mother found out she was pregnant with a sixth child, who Lacey also agreed to adopt.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 40.64697
Retrieved Text: When I first arrived at the shelter for unmarried, pregnant women in Washington, D.C., to start my position as a live-in housemother for the Missionaries of Charity (Mother Teresa's Sisters), I wasn't quite sure what to think. The home was a lovely house located in a ritzy upper class neighborhood, complete with a white picket fence and a classy front door. I was only 21 and I had only been Catholic for a few months, but I knew enough to wonder how a house like this wound up as a shelter for one of the most austere religious orders in the world.
Soon after I settled in, I found out that the house had been given to the Missionaries of Charity by Princess Diana — or something of the sort. She had worked with Mother Teresa to found the shelter, a pro-life home for pregnant women seeking to adopt their children rather than abort them. Princess Diana? I remember thinking. Isn't she over in Wales? What would royalty have to do with a tiny, wrinkly, homey nun that owns ten things to her name – at best?
Over the years, the two iconic women met with each other from time to time. They once held a meeting at a convent in New York. Mother Teresa left the meeting embracing the hands of Diana, who helped the frail nun down the steps onto the sidewalk. In February 1992, at a Missionary of Charity convent in a working-class district in Rome, they prayed together. In fact, Princess Diana was buried

########
Rank: 2
Score: 40.28098
Retrieved Text: When I was a child, my family bought our Christmas tree (the ‘real’ kind) every year on December 15. My sisters and I gave it to our mother as a part of her Christmas gift.
Within four or five days of December 15, mother would become ill. It happened every year and became a part of the Christmas tradition of our family. I think I was about 12 when the tradition was unmasked. My mother was horribly allergic to the tree and it made her ill every year.
We loved giving her the tree on December 15, her birthday, because we thought we were doing something so wonderful for her. When we finally bought an artificial tree the problem solved! Mom was able to enjoy both her birthday and the Christmas season more comfortably. The gift we thought she needed was a problem until we took more care to know what she really needed and wanted.
It probably wasn’t tops on Joseph’s list to take a very pregnant wife on a journey. It probably wasn’t on Mary’s list either—but that journey led to Jesus’ birth in Bethlehem and to our time of celebration each year. Let us remember the Gift of all Gifts—Emmanuel—God with us.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 40.04817
Retrieved Text: The abandoned mother cat and two kittens previouly mentioned are not only still with us but a new twist has developed in the story. I noticed the other day that Sophie, the mother cat, seemed to be gaining a bit of weight and I kidded Susan about feeding her too much. A couple of days later we realized something was up and Susan took Sophie to the vet. It turns out there are more little kittens on the way. We had been planning on having Sophie fixed but because the two kittens we found her with were so young, we didn’t think she should be away from them for too long. It hadn’t occurred to us she could generate a new batch so soon. The vet said it was unusual but not unheard of it and, in all likelyhood, Sophie was already pregnant when we took her in. Yikes.
NCC will definitely be moving to new offices. We’ll be moving to a renovated loft area in the old Studebaker Building located in the historic Deep Ellum area of downtown Dallas. We’re going to be switching our upstream Internet provider at the same time, from Verio to The Planet. We’re planning two weeks of overlap to allow time to migrate all our servers. The next few weeks should be interesting.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 40.03668
Retrieved Text: or $100.00 for a bonded pair.
1. Go to our website 10000Carrots.com and fill out an application.
and what you are looking for in a rabbit.
3. We will set up a time for you to meet the rabbits you are interested in.
4. Once you are all set up, your rabbit will be ready to go home with you.
Les is a quite shy but is really sweet. He was the runt of his letter, but has grown almost as big as his sisters. He loves to beg for treats, and will come over to see you if you are really calm and quiet. Once he trusts you, he is very loving. He is neutered, litter trained and ready to find his forever family.
Pongo was an owned rabbit who's owner decided they didn't want them anymore. When a neighbour noticed them outside, and asked about them, the owner said "I don't want them, just let nature take it's course"
It didn't take long for her to catch them and deliver them to us.
Oliver was caught outside along with his brother (Richard) and 4 sisters (Holly, Molly, Ada & Mae). They were born under a barn and it took a long time to catch them. He has been neutered and litter trained. He is slowly coming out of his shell, but with his new family and some TLC he will make a great member of your family!
Holly was caught outside along with her 2 brothers (Richard & Oliver) and 3 sisters (Molly, Ada & Mae) They were born under a barn and

########
Rank: 5
Score: 39.91621
Retrieved Text: I have 3 chinchillas and thought all were female but turns out one is male. We found out by coming home one day and seeing new babies in the cage from one of the females. We separated them and assumed the other female is pregnant as well, but it's been a month since the first female gave birth and the other female has not. She has gotten rather large for her usual size and sometimes has mood swings, but I feel like by now she should have given birth. I read online that they can check if she's pregnant by doing an x-ray, but that it is harmful to the chinchilla and the babies. Should we go to a vet and do an x-ray, or can they do an ultrasound to see what's going on?
Without knowing when the second female may have mated it's impossible to know due date for sure. I would not bring her to the vet unless she is in distress, acting in pain or lethargic. Simply going to the vet could be enough to stress her into aborting if she is pregnant, not to mention any wrong handling (or getting bumped around in the carrier on the car ride) can hurt or kill unborn kits. Doing an x-ray or an ultrasound would also require sedation, unless you have an unusually laid back calm chin, and that is dangerous to the mother and kits. Even feeling for kits can hurt or kill them since they have such tiny fragile bones.
It's best to just

########
Rank: 6
Score: 39.480362
Retrieved Text: A new mother-to-be had the shock of her life when she saw her ultrasound scan, she said she saw granddad’s face in the scan.
Rebecca Frew (23) defied all odds to become pregnant after suffering years from endometriosis. Doctors had told her and partner, Craig Graham, that she would likely, if not impossible, never be able to have children in her life.
It was at that time that they were getting ready for Craig’s father, Stephen’s funeral that Rebecca discovered she was miraculously pregnant and the family believed it was a divine sign.
She recalls, “The day after Stephen passed away I had extremely heavy bleeding so I got an early pregnancy scan.’ Everything seemed okay with her pregnancy, but when Rebecca shared the ultrasound photo with her family, her mom pointed to a spot that looked like a face and as they looked closely at it, it was shocking.
She and her family believe that it is not a coincidence that granddad’s face appeared in the pregnancy scan, for them Rebecca’s miraculous pregnancy at the time of Stephen’s passing is a divine intervention.
Rebecca and her partner have named their now three-year-old son Craig Stephen Graham in honor of granddad as he has brought them the much needed comfort in time of their grief.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 39.31075
Retrieved Text: He is actually a prince because he was born 59 years ago from a Lebanese mother and a prince from Saudi Arabia.
Though he can not put title Prince in fornt of his name because his father, Prince Faisal bin Turki bin Abdullah al-Saud, does not want to recognize him as his son.
That's why her mother, Rita Kassamanian, gave his name as Adolf Derestepanian. She did not put Adolf bin Prince Faisal bin Turki.
"When I was born, my mother told my father, she would give her baby name Adolf because Adolf (refers to late Nazi leader Adolf Hitler) always become news. My mother said to him, 'if you hear the name of Adolf, you have to remember that you have a child in Lebanon,'" said Adolf yesterday, in an exclusive interview with Faisal Assegaf from Albalad.co.
He shows Albalad.co all evidences he has to prove he is the son of Prince Faisal bin Turki bin Abdullah al-Saud, include a picture when his parents get married in Lebanon and a Family Tree DNA Certificate issued in 2014 which confirmed about his blood relatinship with Prince Faisal bin Turki.
Adolf has several step brothers and sisters, like former Saudi Ambassador for the US Prince Abdullah bin Faisal bin Turki and Saudi Ambassador for Jordan Prince Khalid bin Faisal bin Turki.
When the civilian war started in Lebanon in 1975, Adolf moved to Germany alone. Then he get married with a German girl and has three sons - Jean, Andre, and Levon.
Adolf who lives in Frankfurt has a business in restaurant since 30

########
Rank: 8
Score: 39.092705
Retrieved Text: Beyoncé is only two-weeks old weeks old, but so far this not-even-pint-sized puppy has cheated death four times. You see, Beyoncé's mom was a stray. She was picked up by animal control, while Beyoncé and her littermates were in utero, and they were going to euthanize the pups—but they were too far along. So, instead, they slated Beyoncé's mom for euthanasia. Horrible! But fortunately a wonderful woman named Beth rescued the pregnant dog and brought her to safety. But Beyoncé's struggles were not yet over.
The vet warned Beth that Beyoncé, the runt, would be stillborn. And indeed she was not breathing when she was born. But they did a little CPR, and she started right up breathing on her own! Now she's doing well, though she is minuscule in comparison with her brothers and sisters. At only four ounces, the teeny tiny lady is about the size of an iPhone—but much, much cuter. And if you're wondering how Beyoncé got her name, Beth decided to name her after the Beyoncé we all know and love because of her song "I'm a Survivor." Perfect choice. Even though the pup will only grow to be about one-and-a-half pounds, you can bet she's going to be the toughest (and most precious) dog around.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 39.00095
Retrieved Text: As a dog owner you will know that there is nothing more exciting that when your dog is pregnant and about to provide you with a litter of beautiful puppies. This is especially enjoyable if you are a dog breeder and you will be making a substantial profit from the pups. The Chihuahua is one of the most popular small dogs in the world and certainly one of the cutest. Obviously, all dogs vary in some way or another, even when they are from the same breed. But as a rule when it comes to pregnancy they are all pretty similar. If your Chihuahua becomes pregnant, one of the most important facts that you will be interested in is exactly how long that they will be pregnant for so that you can properly prepare for the arrival of the puppies. The official duration of a Chihuahua’s pregnancy is between 62 and 64 days. However, this can vary somewhat depending on the number of puppies that your Chihuahua is going to have. The more puppies that your Chihuahua is going to have in the litter, the shorter the term of the pregnancy will be, if there are more than two puppies in the litter then there is little likelihood that your Chihuahua will last the full term, they will be more likely to give birth after around 59 or 60 days. If you are looking to breed Chihuahuas, it is advisable to carry out some research into the animals before you begin as they are notoriously difficult

########
Rank: 10
Score: 38.83416
Retrieved Text: For nearly a decade, Susan Shields was a Missionaries of Charity sister. She played a key role in Mother Teresa’s organization until she resigned.
Some years after I became a Catholic, I joined Mother Teresa’s congregation, the Missionaries of Charity. I was one of her sisters for nine and a half years, living in the Bronx, Rome, and San Franciso, until I became disillusioned and left in May 1989. As I reentered the world, I slowly began to unravel the tangle of lies in which I had lived. I wondered how I could have believed them for so long.
Three of Mother Teresa’s teachings that are fundamental to her religious congregation are all the more dangerous because they are believed so sincerely by her sisters. Most basic is the belief that as long as a sister obeys she is doing God’s will. Another is the belief that the sisters have leverage over God by choosing to suffer. Their suffering makes God very happy. He then dispenses more graces to humanity. The third is the belief that any attachment to human beings, even the poor being served, supposedly interferes with love of God and must be vigilantly avoided or immediately uprooted. The efforts to prevent any attachments cause continual chaos and confusion, movement and change in the congregation. Mother Teresa did not invent these beliefs – they were prevalent in religious congregations before Vatican II – but she did everything in her power (which was great) to enforce them.
Once a sister has accepted these fallacies she will do almost

########
Rank: 11
Score: 38.78049
Retrieved Text: "Ending Animal Abuse, Cruelty, and Torture... No Animal should suffer!"
"When a man loves cats, I am his friend and comrade without further introduction." Mark Twain I feel exactly the same.
I absolutely will not tolerate animal abuse!
Hunters are despicable. Anyone who hunts and claims he loves animals is not only an evil moron, he is an oxymoron!
My kitties always always ALWAYS come first!!!
I have had the honour & pure pleasure of growing up in a wonderful home where animals were loved. I was taught to give them love and respect and they would give you their unconditional love in return. In my childhood home beginning when I--the youngest of 5 girls--was 6 years old, we had cats. From the day we found George, our very first, a mama cat, in our compost can on a sweltering hot summer day, to the present, (45 years later) I have not been without cats.
George and I grew up together, she was my baby playing house and she was the very best and well-behaved baby you could hope for! She loved--well, she never hissed or scratched about it--being dressed up in doll clothes and playing her part. She would follow my sisters and I to school and when we got to school one of us would go in and call Mama and she'd come get George and take her back home! She would also wit outside the bank for Dad to walk home (1/2 a block) with him. She was an awesome sister cat!
George had 4 litters of kittens before we

########
Rank: 12
Score: 38.708405
Retrieved Text: Marina and Hesta are two sisters who live in Stirk's poor quarter. Like most of the town's poor, they are fisherwomen working for Victus Pilious. They are quite mischievous, and are involved in the Mermaids quest.
Marina, the elder sister, got her name because she was born at sea. Her mother Alva didn't realise she was pregnant, and gave birth unexpectedly on board a fishing-boat. The sisters now live with Alva, who's too old to go to sea any longer, and makes her living by cleaning, gutting and skinning fish to prepare them for sale at the market.
Last edited by Helena on 02 Oct 2011, 22:43, edited 1 time in total.
Helena wrote: Marina and Pella are two sisters who live in Stirk's poor quarter. Like most of the town's poor, they are fisherwomen working for Victus Pilious. They are quite mischievous, and are involved in the Mermaids quest.
Um, I have to disagree with the not realizing pregnancy part, unless they go out for many months at a time which I would find doubtful; they would have to work on a large ship for this. This is like saying someone is "only a little pregnant."
You would think so Tarius, but there are plenty of cases of people not knowing they were pregnant and then having a child in some random place. Heck they even had a TLC show about it.
SamirA is right; it's surprisingly common in real life. Usually it involves people who are overweight to start with, but not always.
it maye happen in real life.. but there's

########
Rank: 13
Score: 38.59467
Retrieved Text: As a single mom, there wasn’t a whole lot that bothered me about the life I had with my daughter. I worked full time because I needed to and sent my daughter to childcare with formula because I needed to do that too (and I didn’t feel bad about liking my job). I didn’t worry about being both a mother and father figure to her — I was just me, because that was what I knew how to be. She didn’t have many siblings, but she did have me.
I didn’t fret over what I would tell her one day when she quizzed me about the circumstances surrounding my pregnancy with her or what happened after she was born. I knew the words would come when the time was right.
There was one area where I did feel guilty, though. I felt my heart wrench a bit when I thought about the fact that my daughter may never have any siblings. I know plenty of happy families with just one kid by choice or circumstance, but somehow the idea of not even being able to make the choice to add to my family made me feel badly. I always believed that my daughter would be able to understand why her dad and I were not a couple but I worried that she would eventually resent me for not giving her any brothers or even worse — any sisters.
As usual, the thing that kept me up more than a few nights worked itself out.
When I got married 3 years

########
Rank: 14
Score: 38.513275
Retrieved Text: My daughter hates me. She is the child I had with my first husband, the product of a really bad relationship. I left him when she was about 2 1/2 years old. She always saw him because of visitation rules. He was the Disneyland daddy - taking her to wonderful places, buying her whatever she wanted. I was the "eat your peas, do your homework, clean your room" mom. I did everything for her - gave her as much as I could - but she always felt I preferred her brother from my second marriage. She and I rarely saw eye to eye on anything, while her brother and I had a good relationship. Therefore, because she and I had more cause to disagree than I had with her brother, she believes I prefer him to her. He was easier to get along with - but I did everything for both of them - possibly even more for her because she had more emotional needs. But she doesn't see that at all.
We had a huge falling out about 4 years ago when she was 30. She moved in with her biological father where she remained until she married last year. Six months before her wedding she started coming around again. I did a lot of things to make her wedding beautiful and she seemed very happy with that. However, she would not let me come with her when she picked out her dress. I didn't get to go with her when she chose items for her

########
Rank: 15
Score: 38.113102
Retrieved Text: I’m paying homage to The Hunger Games: Mockingjay – Part 1 by breaking this particular blog topic into two posts. I, however, will not make you wait a full year before you can read Part 2. Instead, I will post the second installment tomorrow night. But first, the set up.
Gram when she was 16. Gosh, she was so lovely.
You’ve all been made aware of how close I was to my grandmother. Mary (Senerchia) Hensley was my mother’s mother. Her husband was Patrick Joseph Hensley – my grandfather. Although Grandpa died in 1975 when I was only 7, I remember him very well. You see, from the time I was born until we moved to San Diego just two weeks before Grandpa died, we lived with my grandparents and great-grandmother (Gram’s mother). Dad was in the Navy, so he was on a tour in Vietnam. Mom worked full time. So my grandparents and great-grandmother (Nanny) all helped take care of me. It’s because of those three wonderful people that I learned math, reading, and writing. Because of them, my kindergarten teacher had it really easy with me – I already knew what she had to teach.
We didn’t know a lot about Grandpa’s childhood. He and his younger sisters – Mary, Anna, Bridget, and Margaret – were born in Scranton, PA. Their father died when they were very young – Grandpa was only 10 years old. The story we were told was that his mother – Great Grandma Jennie – put them in an orphanage because she couldn’t

########
Rank: 16
Score: 37.97802
Retrieved Text: Five sisters. Five fates. Five unique women, all drawn to the same place, the same time — April, 1912, the Queen of the White Star Line, the unsinkable ship, the Titanic.
Five sisters. Five fates. Five paths that they can't leave or change.
It was 1898 and the five sisters were living in Brooklyn. Their mother, Maude Taylor, was a famed psychic who claimed to be able to talk to the dead. Their father had died of smallpox just a month earlier, and their mother had moved all of them into Grandmother Taylor's brownstone while she tried to figure out what to do.
During that time, she learned about a town started by spiritualists in upstate New York. That was the first piece of information she needed.
Later that same day, famed inventor Nikola Tesla turned on his newest machine, and New York City was hit by an earthquake. Everything in the world vibrates, Tesla said, at its own frequency. He believed that anything was possible, including talking to ghosts — all he had to know was their vibrational frequency. That was the second piece of information Maude Taylor needed.
They would move to Spirit Vale, and she would become a medium. She'd trained with mediums as a child, and now her gift would be used to support her and her five girls.
It was a strange life.
Five sisters. Five fates. Five unique women, all drawn to the same place, the same time. April, 1912, the Queen of the White Star Line, the unsinkable ship, the Titanic.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 37.88183
Retrieved Text: I'm an adopted child. My upbringing was good, full of money and every thing I needed - except real love. My adopted mother was very possessive and tried to make me into a person I wasn't - she tried to make me like she is - and everything within me cried against it.
Well, good news is - I found my biological mother in May 1998 and we are so happy. We love each other so much, also her husband and my two half sisters and my little half brother. We are like a family that was never apart.
But it's hard for my mother to understand me, to see the pain I still have - so I wrote this to explain to her how I felt and what she must do when she doesn't understand my feelings and my moods!
© 1999 Jeanelle Please respect the rights of the author and Passions in Poetry. If you would like to use this poem on your own web page, please contact the Author. Thank you.
Very, Very touching,warm I LIKED IT ALOT.
I was adopted. Right now I'm home where I belong. Even though my aunt wants me to be just like her, I refuse to be like her.
i love this poem , it made me cry.
One of the Nicest poem i have ever read!
i dont no my mother very much she left me my dad and my sisters and brothers when i was three. i am greatful you no your mother your very lucky. that poem really toched me to my

########
Rank: 18
Score: 37.848698
Retrieved Text: The 2018 Hawaii International Film Festival showed the screening of Wish You Were Here, on November 15th 2018. The film setting took place in Japan and China. The film was in both Japanese and Mandarin and provided English subtitles as well. Wish You Were Here was directed by Kenneth Bi and was a duration of 113 minutes. The theater was half full but held a very tentative crowd.
The film first took place in Beijing where a young fashion student named Yuan Yuan attended school and met the love of her life. After graduating, Yuan Yuan and her boyfriend got married and returned to Hokkaido, Japan, where her husband’s father had fallen ill. Due to this, they stayed in Japan and he took over the family business of Sake making. Yuan Yuan became a housewife and stayed home with her mother in law. Yuan Yuan soon got pregnant and gave birth to a baby girl. As days went by her dreams of becoming a fashion designer seemed like they were slipping away. She would use the storage room to design and put her ideas onto paper. However, her mother in law found out and everything changed from there. She packed up everything and tried to leave with her baby. However, her mother in law begged for her to leave the baby behind. While returning to Beijing, Yuan Yuan worked diligently to become a successful fashion designer and follow her dreams. She accomplished this goal and was an amazing designer who became very successful.
Later in her life, she

########
Rank: 19
Score: 37.565697
Retrieved Text: Eight daughters for sale, the oldest first.
One afternoon after Fershta and her sisters returned home from school, their father told them he had decided to sell them, one by one, by having them engaged to be married.
The family’s economic situation was very bad so the father, an uneducated man without a job, determined the way to get money was to find husbands for each of his eight daughters. No longer would they be allowed to attend school. No longer would they get an education.
Fershta, the oldest, was engaged first at age fifteen. The father never spoke to Fershta or her mother about this. And so it came to be that Fershta was married to Maroof, who had no education or job, just like her father.
After the wedding, life became very bad for Fershta. Her husband hit her every day. Her mother-in-law also beat her, telling Fershta they had paid for her and now she was the family servant. From morning til night every day, Fershta washed clothing and dishes and did much work around the house. At night her husband came home and hit her. This continued after Fershta became pregnant. Fershta lost the pregnancy due to the beatings.
Because things had gotten so bad, Fershta’s mother, who accused Maroof of killing his own baby, brought her daughter home to take care of her, telling Maroof that Fershta would return to him when she recovered. The family could not say anything else to Maroof because they were so poor.
But about a week later, Maroof appeared at the

########
Rank: 20
Score: 37.48043
Retrieved Text: Well, I'll start out telling you how I remember it. I had Johanna over, we were working on a school project and I took her into the pasture to meet the horses. We went out back, and when we went back, supposedly one of us left the gate open. So, (Roxanne was out.) Roxanne got back to Dudly (STUD) and was probably had.
I DID NOT WANT A FOAL. He's a mutt, and Roxane is still in training.
But now, (worst possible) she could be pregnant.
At a horse forum I regularly visit, I'm doing everything I can to find out about equine abortions. Some people say there are injections to abort foals with.
If it is in the best interest of Roxanne, then perhaps aborting this foal is the better course of action? I don't know much about horses...do they devalue if they have foals?
The important thing is to try to let Roxanne know about your fears and try to sense what she wants. Our problem with our pets is that we cannot speak to them the way we can speak to our human friends and because of that we may do things to our pets against their wishes. Their consent is very important because they are sentient beings who should have control over their own destiny just as much as we humans have.
You can ask the Gods about it and pray for it, but SageWolf went through a similar thing with her dog recently - she might have some more advice.
With my dog, she got pregnant last year

########
Rank: 21
Score: 37.471054
Retrieved Text: A testimony for would-be breeders.
Joanne loves her rats, and has spent over a year researching the viability of having an ethical rattery in her area. Unfortunately, the market for her babies does not exist. If you can't find trustworthy people to adopt your babies and stay involved in the maintenance of a pedigree, then you have the deck stacked against you.
Rats truly have a bad rap. Not only are they considered dirty and vermin but they are also used for all kinds of experiments.
Rats have everything done to them. They are used in labs exposed to horrible drug effects but yet, no drugs are found for how we can cure these sweet gentle animals.
Pet store rats are not better off than lab rats. In pet stores, they live in unacceptable conditions. They breathe toxins, they drink dirty water, they eat seeds and then, they have the most horrifying death one can imagine. Being eaten alive by a predator.
A rat mill rat is in no better conditions. They are housed in small accommodations, they eat less than adequate foods, they are removed from their mother at too young an age and then they go to pet stores.
These rats have diseases, unfavorable genes, hidden pasts, should they really reproduce? That great personality is not in the genes, it's because of your interactions with that rat. Rats develop their own personalities, that cannot be bred into a new rat, that new rat will have his own. Personalities develop with the help of his early years with mommy rat and

########
Rank: 22
Score: 37.36713
Retrieved Text: Night was coming to the town of Blue River, in the state of Iowa.
It was nearly dark in the small room near the Stoddard University campus. The two people in the room that Sunday evening were both second-year students at the college. They were looking at each other in silence.
The handsome young man was angry. His plans had been working so well. And now this news had come! But he wasn’t going to show his anger-that wouldn’t help him. He walked to the window, and for a few seconds, he looked out at the lights of the town. He looked at the yellow lights in the streets. He looked at the red light on top of the Municipal Building, the tower which was the tallest building in Blue River, a mile or two away. Then he turned, and he smiled at the young woman sitting on the bed.
“Don’t cry,” the young man said. “Everything will be OK.” He smiled again.
“Well, we could get married immediately,” the young man said. “But this isn’t what I’d planned, Dorothy - you know that. I’d planned to meet your father in New York in the summer, at the end of the college year. I wanted to ask him for permission to marry you then.
The handsome young man walked over to Dorothy and put his arms around her. Tonight, he had to pretend to love her.
“We do have a choice,” he said.
“What do you mean?” the young woman whispered nervously.
The young woman pushed him away from her.
“You want me to have

########
Rank: 23
Score: 37.279755
Retrieved Text: Six years after Delia Bagot died her husband Martin died, & his 87-year-old twin sister, Min, who stayed with him as long as he needed her, was free to return to her flat in Wexford, from Dublin. Min, a bitter old woman, remembers when her family was all together with their mother 50 years before; before Delia Kelly came along & got her brother Martin, the 40-year-old born bachelor, to marry her. They were all dead now & she thought it was fitting that she was the one alive, because out of all of them she was the only one who hadn't gone off & married. Most of Min's recollections concern Martin's wedding day, a terrible day for her, & how Delia's relatives behaved. After that everything changed; her mother was never the same, & her sisters got married. Their mother, who had sacrificed everything for them, asked in return only that they stick together as a family. Tells about their father, who could neither read nor write, & was excluded from the family circle. Years later Min was obliged to have her sister Clare locked up in an insane asylum. Min had been a dressmaker, through no choice of her own, & had made a good job of it. Now here she was in her flat, with everything gathered round her: Martin's & Delia's books & furniture. She wished they could all see it. There was a place for all of them. The room was warmer & the furniture a bit better than anything they

########
Rank: 24
Score: 37.113956
Retrieved Text: ELIZABETH, the mother of John the Baptist, is called an ASCENDED MASTER, accompanying you on the spiritual level through our times as a luminous being.
Many women feel responsible for the harmony in their families, which increasingly overstresses them. They want to settle tensions between brothers and sisters, parents, children and grandchildren, which sometimes makes them get caught in the crossfire. But what has this got to do with ELIZABETH, one of Mary Magdalene’s companions?
The BIBLE portrays ELIZABETH as Mother Mary’s cousin. They met when they were both pregnant, ELIZABETH with John, and Mother Mary with Jesus. Whether ELIZABETH literally was a companion of MARY MAGDALENE, cannot be traced back, but she definitely was her precursor.
Therefore, invite ELIZABETH into your life, and connect with her. To strengthen and intensify this connection, you can integrate the Master Symbol, energized by her, and the energized Master Aura Essence ELIZABETH into your daily life or your therapy and body work.
The symbol and the Aura Essence, energized by her, work on the quantum level in the subtle-spiritual body, the chakras, the morphogenetic field, and in the multidimensional DNA-layers. They solve energy blockages in the present, the past, and former lives.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 37.04296
Retrieved Text: Care of Pregnant Dog.... What your pregnant dog wants you to know!
Glad you asked! Stick around and we'll have you up to speed on the care of pregnant dogs in no time. That's assuming of course that you already have a pregnant pooch!
On the other hand, perhaps you're here to learn more about dog pregnancy before deciding whether to breed your dog. Great!
Even though you love the idea of witnessing the miracle of nature and hearing the pitter-patter of tiny pooch paws, you also intelligently realize that now is the time to consider your best friend first.
Right off the bat, the first priority when choosing to breed a dog is a plan for the puppies. Having "guaranteed" loving homes lined up before mating is essential, as is being prepared to raise them yourself if someone backs out. There's no compromising on that point in our view.
With so many thousands of dogs left abandoned, dog breeding is not to be taken lightly. Alternatively, adoption of a shelter dog - even a pregnant dog rescue is a heartfelt choice to consider before you make your breeding decision.
Is Your Dog "Pregnancy" Fit?
Good health is vitally important if you're planning to breed your dog as this will have a strong influence on the success of a pregnancy. Fitness and good health will not only make it easier to care for a pregnant dog, it will also lessen the risk of complications along the way.
To be on the safe side, have your vet do a complete physical to evaluate your dog's

########
Rank: 26
Score: 37.009884
Retrieved Text: Dorothy Dandridge (Nov. 9, 1922–Sept. 8, 1965) had everything it took to succeed in 1950s' Hollywood—she could sing, dance, and act, and was beautiful—but she was born black. Despite the biased era in which she lived, Dandridge became the first black woman to grace the cover of Life magazine and to receive an Academy Award nomination for best actress in a major motion picture.
Notable Quote: "If I were white, I could capture the world."
When Dorothy Dandridge was born in Cleveland, Ohio, on Nov. 9, 1922, her parents had already separated. Dorothy’s mother, Ruby Dandridge, was five months pregnant when she left her husband Cyril, taking their older daughter Vivian with her. Ruby believed her husband was a spoiled mama's boy who would never leave his mother’s house, so she left.
Ruby supported her daughters with domestic work. Dorothy and Vivian displayed an early talent for singing and dancing and began performing at local theaters and churches when Dorothy was 5.
Ruby’s friend Geneva Williams, moved in, and although she taught the girls to play the piano, she pushed them hard and cruelly punished them. Ruby never noticed. Years later, Vivian and Dorothy figured out that Williams was their mother's lover.
She and Williams labeled Dorothy and Vivian "The Wonder Children." They moved to Nashville, and Dorothy and Vivian signed with the National Baptist Convention to tour churches throughout the South. The Wonder Children toured for three years, attracting regular bookings and earning a solid income, but Dorothy and Vivian wearied of the act and long hours practicing. They had

########
Rank: 27
Score: 37.00856
Retrieved Text: When you donate to Sisters Who Serve, you will receive the downloadable version of the “Sisters Who Serve” song as a thank you for your support of Women Veterans.
You may change the quantity to change the donation amount.
Sisters Who Serves honors the courage, commitment, and contribution of the women who serve and support our country. Some serve in uniform, and others are the vital support system for our military personnel. It is now well known in neuroscience, cellular biology and psychology that women experience and process stress and trauma differently than men, physiologically and psychologically. Our programs are specifically designed to address and solve those issues and needs.
Sisters Who Serve provides education, mentoring, systems and networks through products, services, workshops and technology based platforms. We provide these safe, secure and scalable services though sponsorships and donations made to the organization.
Our holistic and pragmatic philosophy of “Heal a Vet, Hire a Vet” assesses the individual needs, challenges, skills and assets of each woman on a case by case basis.
Energy healing is recognized and currently used by most of the military medical community as a protocol for treating PTSD and other emotional and physical health issues. Active duty service women and veterans have been seeking and receiving effective treatments outside of what is provided in military and Veterans Administration settings. Sisters Who Serve’s “Heal a Vet” initiative was formed to address this widespread need. We know that unless and until our women heal from the inside, they can’t thrive on the outside.
“Hire a Vet”: Young female veterans are

########
Rank: 28
Score: 36.955868
Retrieved Text: “Nobody knows how horrible it is to be thrown out of your house and leave everything behind.” Halina Babinska was ten when she went through this terrible experience.
In the middle of the night during World War II, Soviets came and threw the young girl and her family out of their homes. Like thousands of Poles, the young Mrs. Babinska, her two siblings and parents were packed onto the shelves of cattle trains “with a hole for a toilet” and deported to labor camps in Siberia.
“It’s like pulling out a tree with the roots. You are uprooting a person,” explained Mrs. Babinska in a calm, dignified voice. And uprooted she was many a time in her life. After Germany invaded Russia, Stalin liberated Polish prisoners and their families. Poland was still at war, and the Poles from Siberia migrated to the four corners of the planet.
Erratum: Hitler invaded Russia in 1941, not 42, as stated in the video.
Now a Montreal resident, six decades later, Halina Babinska recalls her incredible childhood with laughter. But at that time, she often experienced life-threatening conditions.
Every step was a potential threat to be separated from her mother and sister. Halina’s brother had stayed behind in Russia, sick with typhus, and her father had died. But only Halina knew that at that point. Her mother would soon die at her feet from exhaustion.
“Nobody knows how horrible it is to be thrown out of your house and leave everything behind.” Halina Babinska was 10 when she went through this experience one night during the

########
Rank: 29
Score: 36.890835
Retrieved Text: Imbewu twin actresses: "We once shared a boyfriend"
Soul sisters, Imbewu actresses and identical twins Nokubonga and Nokwanda Khuzwayo talk about their strong connection and how even their mom sometimes can’t tell them apart.
The saying “two peas in a pod” could’ve been made for these sisters. They’ve done everything together from day one and are so alike even their mother gets them mixed up sometimes. And now twins Nokubonga and Nokwanda Khuzwayo (34) are confusing thousands of South Africans on national TV every week.
They play Zakithi and Futhi on e.tv drama series Imbewu: The Seed, the first TV roles for the identical pair. Some fans believe it’s one person playing two roles because so far they haven’t had a scene together – but in front of us is proof they are indeed two people, practically carbon copies of each other.
Personality-wise they’re rather different, as we discover after spending some time with them on a quiet day in their hectic schedules.
Nokubonga is outgoing and a talker, while Nokwanda is the quieter of the two, happy to let her sister take charge of the interview from the get-go. Nokubonga plays Zakithi Bhengu, the daughter of Zimele, who’s the CEO of Maluju Oil company.
Nokwanda, who plays Futhi, says it’s not surprising people think Futhi and Zakithi are the same person. After all, Sthandiwe Kgoroge had some of us fooled when she played twins on Generations for more than five years.
“People must just wait because there is a scene where we will be together,” Nokwanda says. The twins love working together.
The

================



======= Instance Index 1070 =========
Input Text: Read the following conversation and answer the question.

Man: Hey. Hey. Hey, hey, hey!! What are you doing?

Police Officer: Uh, what does it look like I'm doing? I'm having your car towed away for parking illegally.

Man: Officer. You can't do that. That's not fair.

Police Officer: What do you mean it's not fair? You parked your car in a no-parking area.

Man: What? What do you mean?

Police Officer: Look, sir. There's a sign right there that says [Where? Where?] ... right there! It says, "Tow away zone. No parking between the hours of 7 a.m. through 6 p.m."

Man: Oh, that one? Those tree branches are covering it.

Police Officer: Sorry, you're going to have to take that complaint up with the city. I'm just doing my job. I'm just here to uphold the law. Anyway, you can clearly see it once you get out of your car.

Man: But, but ... my car was only here (for) five minutes. [Sorry.] I had to just run into this building to ... to drop off some clothing at the homeless shelter. Just trying to help people in need.

Police Officer: Sir. The homeless shelter? It's six blocks down the road. Anyway, look, here's your ticket, and the address where you can pick up your car is found on the back.

Man: What? A hundred and fifty dollars? That's outrageous. I mean, completely ludicrous.

Police Officer: Sorry. Don't park your car illegally!

Man: So, you mean that you're going to have my car towed away. I'm standing right here. Look. How about two tickets for a lecture on the history of the English language tomorrow night at the library? Anything.

Police Officer: Sir. It's illegal to bribe an officer.

Man: Wait, wait wait, or how 'bout some coupons for a free burger at that restaurant across the street.? [You've got to be kidding me.] Buy one and get the second one half price.

Police Officer: You know sir, you'd probably better leave now. Have a good day.

Question: The man tries to influence the police officer into not giving him a ticket by __________________. 

- offering her free admission to a local event

- buying her a steak dinner at a fancy restaurant

- praising the officer on her attractive appearance

Target Text: offering her free admission to a local event

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 41.70549
Retrieved Text: THIS is the moment a black man was ‘targeted’ by Renfe officers before being violently dragged off the train.
The shocking clip, obtained by El Diario, shows two guards board the train and go directly to the traveller and ask him to show his ticket – even though the carriage was full of other passengers.
Confused, the man asked why he had to show his ticket, saying only a conductor had the authority to ask him to produce it – since the Renfe watchmen are supposed to guarantee the safety of passengers and ensure the facilities are not damaged.
The incident took place last Thursday morning at 11:30am on a train from Cercanias de Madrid to Cercedilla.
After several delays, the Renfe carriages were overflowed with travellers.
The young man continued to refuse to show the ticket, causing the guard to pull the emergency brake.
One woman urges the young man to show his ticket. “If you’re going to be legal, you’re not afraid of anything, there’s no problem, sir,” she says.
“But they are not authorized to ask me for the ticket, ma’am,” the young man pointed out.
Without giving him time to answer, the guard grabs the man and tries to expel him from the carriage by force.
Several passengers immediately rebuke the two guards.
One unnamed and unclothed police officer comes to the defense of the young man, standing between him and the two security guards, vowing to file a report based on their performance.
“You should not have grabbed me like this, do not overdo your work and call the conductor,” the young

########
Rank: 1
Score: 37.025917
Retrieved Text: These officers just want to stay indoors.
Shoppers watch as police arrive on scene, but it's not what they are expecting.
The Loretto Police Department attempted to make a joke using a rocket launcher. A few people didn't find it funny.
Bystanders almost can't believe their eyes when they see a police officer writing a ticket for an illegally parked police car.
A clever cop pretends to be out of radio range to keep from answering an unwanted call from dispatch.
A night when ticketing jaywalkers suddenly became a spectator sport.
An abusive police officer who just can't let go, tries to make a citizen confess to something he didn't do.
You might not want to try passing when you can't see who's in front of you.
VitalyzedTV hits a bong out in public, right in front of the police.
An officer has to let the man go after hitting his truck with his patrol car.
Dramatic video captured by a local CBS news affiliate.
A wannabe gangsta tries to punk a biker, but gets punked by the cops.
These not-so-nice Santas were all arrested while "on duty".

########
Rank: 2
Score: 34.528164
Retrieved Text: ACP Krishna (Venkatesh) who is a kind-hearted man who has a lot of empathy even towards criminals. Sailaja (Nayanthara) is the daughter of an accused person Sastry (Jaya Prakash) for a murder, wanted by the police and hiding somewhere. Sailaja runs her family with a catering business and struggling for her 4 sisters and grandmother (Shavukar Janaki) on one side and on another side she is facing an existential threat from Mallesh Yadav (Sampath Raj) a big goon who is a henchman of MLA Puchappa (Posani Krishna Murali) who are after Sastry. One more thing that suffers her is Bathayi Babji (Pruthvi) her maternal uncle’s son who tortures her every day to marry him.
Once Krishna meets Sailaja when she is in sorrow mood and the sympathy inside him works out and falls in love with her at first sight itself. Afterward, he comes to know regarding her problems and Sailaja hates the police. So he hides his identity, targets Bathayi Babji, traps him with some comic tricks, introduces himself to Sailaja as a common man with Babji’s help and starts helping her & family. In this process, they develop a bond and Sailaja also starts loving him. But Krishna’s real agenda is completely different. He has been appointed by Commissioner (Murali Sharma) to catch Sailaja father Sastry. That’s why he had made this entire plan.
Meanwhile, Sailaja’s grandmother collapses with the heart attack and she wants to see her son Sastry, Krishna forces Sailaja to call her father, by giving an assurance he makes her do so.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 34.4391
Retrieved Text: A police officer accused of assaulting a man outside a hostel in Belfast has been cleared of any wrongdoing by the Police Ombudsman’s Office.
The officer, who had been attending the hostel in Belfast city centre with a colleague on an unrelated matter, had been accused by the man of swiping the feet from under him and knocking him to the ground.
The man also said that during the alleged assault in May last year, the officer had lifted him up by the handcuffs, before taking him to the ground again where he forcibly held him down by pressing his knee into his temple.
He added that after being placed in a cell van to be taken to the police station the same officer held his head to the floor once again.
As part of their investigations Police Ombudsman staff reviewed CCTV footage of the area which covered the entirety of the incident outside the hostel. Investigators also took a statement from a staff member who had witnessed the event before formally interviewing the officer in question.
A review of the CCTV footage highlighted several inconsistencies in the account given by the complainant who said he had been arrested by uniformed officers and placed in a cell van. The footage showed that the arresting officers were in plain clothes and he had been placed in a Land Rover.
The footage also showed that the man had been acting aggressively and may have been under the influence of drugs or alcohol as he was unsteady on his feet and at one stage had

########
Rank: 4
Score: 34.34073
Retrieved Text: A Canadian police officer did not excuse a man who was speeding because he had a nail in his head.
A police officer in Saanichton, British Columbia, Canada insisted on detaining and ticketing a man who was being rushed to the hospital to remove nails embedded in his skull. After construction foreman Gavin Docherty received two hits to the head from a nail gun in a terrible workplace accident, a first-aid worker moved swiftly to drive Docherty to Saanich Peninsula Hospital. The pair made it half-way before being intercepted by a police officer.
"We showed him the nail sticking out of my forehead but he didn't care at all," Docherty told A-Channel news, as reported by the Victoria Times Colonist newspaper. "He was dead set on getting some tickets."
The workers were stopped and accused of driving 92km/h (57 MPH) in a 50km/h (31 MPH) zone. The officer allowed Docherty to proceed to the hospital for treatment, but the officer followed so that he could issue the driver a $167 CAD ticket for not wearing a seatbelt. Central Saanich police Chief Paul Hames supported the ticket because the officer was following the law.
"The public will see a nail in a forehead and not see the other side of the story," Hames told the Times Colonist.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 34.28613
Retrieved Text: When most people think of drunk driving, they think of driving a car. However, there are other vehicles that can get you drunk driving charges. Sometimes, those vehicles are a little less than conventional. Here’s a look at some of the strangest vehicles in which people were caught driving under the influence.
At a peewee hockey game, the players had some unexpected live entertainment. For about 20 minutes, Joel Keith Bruss drove around on his Zamboni. Instead of cleaning the ice, he bumped into the walls and drove recklessly. One of the coaches called the police to the scene. When they arrived, they arrested Bruss for a DUI.
The incident occurred in Minnesota, where driving a vehicle while drunk is against the law. Because a Zamboni meets the definition of a vehicle, Bruss was guilty. This wasn’t the drivers first brush with the law. In the past, he had two other DUI convictions. However, none of them were on vehicles as odd as a Zamboni.
In an odd incident, a man faced charges for driving under the influence on a motorized wheelchair. However, the wheelchair was not his own. Raymond Kulma fought with a man in a wheelchair, then stole it. Although Kulma tried to evade police, the wheelchair was too slow. When the police caught him, they realized that he was drunk. Kulma received his seventh DUI charge.
Don’t mow your lawn drunk. At the very least, don’t try to drive it down the street. James Gray learned that lesson the hard way. After having almost one whole case

########
Rank: 6
Score: 34.08127
Retrieved Text: A woman eager for a day of Disney-filled fun arrived to the Disneyland ticket gate only to find that her "park hopper" tickets she purchased from a stranger on Craigslist were phonies, according to police.
Police said a man who called himself “Chris Ruiz” met the woman in a Food 4 Less parking lot in Wilmington to sell four tickets at $60 each -- tickets that usually sell for upwards of $125.
The man, whose real name is Edward Anthony Contes, 31, turned himself in to authorities at the Los Angeles Police Department's Harbor Division station in San Pedro and was being held on charges of petty theft Friday. Contes faces felony charges because he had at least three or more prior convictions and served jail time, according to police.
"He came into the station to 'clear his name,'" said LAPD Officer Thomas Baran. "But we arrested him. He's been doing this for awhile. His friends and relatives called him after they saw his picture on the news."
On Jan. 22, after the woman -- who wished to remain anonymous -- paid $240 for four tickets, the seller assured her the tickets were real by volunteering to take a photo together in the event of a mishap at the ticket gate, she told NBC4 via phone.
“The woman expressed concern that they were not real, so the suspect gained her trust and said, ‘Let’s take a picture so that way you have it,’” said Detective Don Eldridge of the LAPD’s Harbor Division.
Eldridge said this was the first time he had seen

########
Rank: 7
Score: 34.038548
Retrieved Text: BALTIMORE (AP) — A Baltimore police officer was suspended Saturday after a video surfaced online showing him repeatedly punching a man and knocking him down over steps on a sidewalk in a recording that lasts about 30 seconds and the city’s interim police commissioner said “deeply disturbed” him.
The video begins with the officer standing in front of a black man who has his back to a wall. The officer, who is also black, can be seen shoving the man in the chest before the officer starts throwing punches. The man tries to block punches from the officer but doesn’t appear to fight back. The man is pushed over some steps by the officer who continues to throw punches, and the video ends with the officer on top of him.
Tuggle is asking any witnesses to contact the department’s Office of Professional Responsibility at 410-396-2300.
Warren Brown, an attorney for the man who was knocked down, identified his client as Dashawn McGrier. Brown said his client faces charges for allegedly assaulting the officer in June, charges McGrier is contesting in court. Brown said the officer saw McGrier on Saturday and tried to provoke him as a result of their June encounter.
“He is charged with assaulting that officer then, and so here this officer now is like, you know, going after him,” Brown said.
Brown said a court date is set for Aug. 22 on the assault charges, and he said video of that encounter between the two men also exists, though he has not seen it. Brown said he has

########
Rank: 8
Score: 33.848366
Retrieved Text: MURRIETA, Calif. -- Cameras captured the arrest of a man who police say tried to grab an officer's gun during a struggle at a CVS pharmacy in Murrieta Tuesday night, according to KTLA.
Surveillance video shows the arrest of a man at a CVS store in Murrieta on Sept. 6, 2016.
The incident took place about 8:45 p.m. at the store located in the 25000 block of Hancock Avenue, the Murrieta Police Department stated in a news release.
An officer was attempting to contact the man, later identified by police as Murrieta resident Alejandro Rojo, after a bystander said someone in the store was creating a disturbance and was possibly under the influence of drugs.
Rojo began fighting with the officer and attempted to grab his holstered firearm when the officer went to detain him, the Police Department stated.
Surveillance video showed the two struggling for several seconds inside the store before Rojo fled and was followed into the parking lot by the officer.
Alejandro Rojo is seen both before (left) and after his arrest in images provided by his family.
A second struggle ensued, when police say Rojo again tried to disarm the officer.
More officers arrived at the scene and “attempted multiple force techniques in an attempt to stop the suspect from attempting to disarm the officer,” the news release read.
Cellphone video captured outside the store showed officers striking Rojo several times as they restrained him on the ground.
The initial officer suffered a broken hand as a result of the struggle with Rojo, who had multiple abrasions and cuts, according to the

########
Rank: 9
Score: 33.39879
Retrieved Text: There was panic Monday morning at the Railway Post, Umuahia, Abia State when police officers attached to the post allegedly manhandled a man later identified as an Army captain for packing his 18-seater Mitsubishi bus close to the fence of the Police station.
According to eye witness accounts, the Divisional Police officer in-charge of the police post was said to be driving into the station when he spotted the bus and ordered the owner to repack the bus claiming that it was blocking his way.
Vanguard reports that , the Army captain who was in mufti, was said to have come out, greeted the DPO and quickly wanted to repark his bus. But the police officer was said to have ordered him to come closer and explain why he should block his way to the station. The army officer was said to have continued to plead with the angry police officer when he refused to allow him to remove his vehicle to re-park. Rather, he was alleged to have ordered his men to arrest the man, who at that juncture unveiled his identity, which was doubted by the police officer who insisted that he must be arrested.
The scene attracted passers-by and people doing sundry businesses around the area, who also joined to plead with the police officer who refused to budge and insisted that the soldier must be arrested.
“He must obey my arrest order; you people should tell him to obey my arrest order. You must obey my arrest order, you said you are a captain, you must

########
Rank: 10
Score: 33.32999
Retrieved Text: Video released Thursday by the Naperville Police Department of a police officer who shot a man during a January standoff shows the officer pleaded with the man to drop his weapon before the shooting occurred.
The video from dashboard cameras was obtained by the Naperville Sun through a Freedom of Information request. It sheds light on the incident in which a 27-year-old man with a gun confronted officers about 10:30 p.m. Jan. 23 in a parking lot outside the Los Burritos Tapatios restaurant at 1232 W. Ogden Ave.
The man, dressed in a dark hoodie and sweat pants, is seen walking from inside the restaurant to speak with officers who responded to calls about a person who was acting erratically and had asked a motorist at a gas station across the street if he could purchase Xanax.
After the man exits the restaurant through the front door, the video shows him wave a gun at an approaching officer, who immediately backs off and tries to take cover behind a vehicle.
At the same time patrons and staff inside the restaurant can be seen running to the back of the building.
For the next three minutes, the officer can be heard on an audio-video recording pleading with the man to put down the gun he was holding to his head.
Editor's note: The video above was provided with no sound. The Naperville Police Department also released a video on YouTube that contains a second clip with audio. You can watch that here.
“Drop the gun. Talk to me,” the officer said.
He asks for the

########
Rank: 11
Score: 33.111805
Retrieved Text: In San Diego, it is reported that a man who was driving under the influence (DUI) and trying to escape police capture dove into DeAnza Cover on Sunday. The incident occurred during afternoon hours and the man had to be pulled out of the Cove by lifeguards.
According to a police sergeant, the man drove by his patrol car on West Mission Bay Drive at a speed between 70 and 90 mph at 1:15 PM.
The police officer started to chase him when the driver suddenly crashed into a fence, exited his vehicle and proceeded to dive in to the water to try to get away from police. After lifeguards pulled the man out of the water, he was escorted to a local hospital and examined for injuries.
Police say that the man will face charges for driving under the influence.
Have you been charged with DUI in San Diego? If so, a San Diego DUI lawyer from the Law Offices of Virginia L. Landry can be of great assistance to you. Contact our law office to speak with a DUI lawyer today!

########
Rank: 12
Score: 33.074547
Retrieved Text: Richmond officials defend DUI dismissal - KRV Legal, Inc.
WOODSTOCK – Richmond police Officer Brian Quilici’s drunken-driving charge was dropped swiftly because the ticket written against him was improper, lawyers for Quilici and Richmond said Tuesday.
Lawyer George Kililis, who represents Quilici, said the officer is honorable and the notion that the ticket was “swept under the rug” is false.
“He simply was not drunk. That’s what it boils down to,” Kililis said.
Quilici, 32, was charged Nov. 8 with driving under the influence of alcohol, and the charge was dropped five days later by Richmond village prosecutor Ryan Schmidt.
On Tuesday, Schmidt said the ticket, written by fellow Richmond police Officer William Fedderly, simply was a bad one.
Schmidt said Fedderly was called to Quilici’s Richmond apartment around 2:30 a.m. Nov. 8 in response to a domestic disturbance.
No one was charged during that incident, but a woman left Quilici’s apartment.
Schmidt said Fedderly remained near the apartment complex in his patrol car and, about a half-hour later, he pulled over Quilici’s car when it left the parking lot.
Schmidt said Fedderly did not follow Quilici for a short distance, and he did not issue a ticket for a traffic violation, which is usually necessary for an officer to establish probable cause for a DUI traffic stop.
Fedderly arrested Quilici on the street and then asked him to take a field-sobriety and breath tests at the Richmond police station. Quilici refused to take those tests, Schmidt said.
Schmidt said the police report says the entire incident lasted 30 minutes.
Schmidt, who also has prosecuted for other municipalities,

########
Rank: 13
Score: 32.883244
Retrieved Text: Elderly Man Calls Police for Ride to Visit Sick Wife.. and They Do!
Last week, in Montoursville, Pennsylvania, an 84-year-old man called the police--not to report a crime, but to hitch a ride to the hospital to visit his ailing wife. Police Chief Jeff Gyurina responded by giving the unidentified man the cell phone number for a patrol officer who was on duty. That officer, Deputy Chief Jason Bentley, eventually picked the elderly man up and drove him to the hospital in Williamsport.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 32.84701
Retrieved Text: A BEELIAR man is accused of attacking a neighbour before running away from police questioning him, which led to an officer being injured by shattered glass.
Police were called to a Beeliar home at about 9.40pm after reports of a disturbance.
They spoke to a 25-year-old man, believed to be under the influence of an unknown substance, who became highly aggressive and ran towards the house.
Fearing for the safety of the female occupants in the house, an officer chased the man and called on him to stop.
The man ran inside and slammed the glass door, shattering the glass and injuring the officer, who was partially through the door.
The glass damage left the officer with a cut to his shoulder, which required four stitches.
Further police inquiries revealed that when the man was outside earlier, a neighbour approached him to see if he and his family were OK.
It is alleged the man attacked the male neighbour and the assault was stopped after the neighbour’s son hit the man’s body with a baseball bat.
Police also allege the man caused significant damage to the inside of the home.
The 25-year-old man was taken to hospital for assessment and inquires are continuing.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 32.80195
Retrieved Text: Yesterday a well-known and outspoken activist, Ryan Scott, was arrested at his home in Dekalb, Illinois. His charge? The good-old, famous "Obstruction." The catch-all obstruction charge has, in the past, been used against people filming, not answering questions, and anything that makes an officer feel like you were a hindrance to them. The charge is based on an officer's feelings; therefore it can be applied to nearly any situation without the officer facing any consequence for his retaliation.
This case was different though. It was an especially disturbing case because Ryan had not stopped at someone else's traffic stop, as is the history of most bad "obstruction" charges. No, instead it seems that on this occasion the police actually charged him for simply exercising his rights.
"Flipping Off Police Officers Constitutional, Federal Court Affirms. WASHINGTON — A police officer can't pull you over and arrest you just because you gave him the finger, a federal appeals court declared Thursday.Jan 3, 2013".
That did not the stop the officer from following Ryan and his girlfriend for over a mile before pulling them over. The reason? Expired registration sticker. The only issue is that the tag is valid when looked up. The physical sticker is missing because it was stolen.
Ryan didn't bother to explain any of that because he stands very firm on the idea that you never talk to cops. He gave his information through his window and said "OK, no problem" when the cop says he is gonna write him a ticket. The cop seems annoyed that Ryan has

########
Rank: 16
Score: 32.77046
Retrieved Text: Police say they have a report of a scam which tries to bilk people looking for a job out of $2,500.
Officer Stewart Mellyn said a man brought a check into the station Thursday to see if it was real, along with copies of an e-mail correspondence. Police told him the check was fake.
The man said he received an e-mail because his resume was posted online and he was looking for a job.
The e-mail claimed to offer him a job as a �secret shopper� and instructed him to go to the Wal-Mart in Brockton.
The e-mailer told him the e-mailer would send a $2,850 check to him by mail and he was to deposit it, keep $370 and send the rest by Moneygram to the Shaw�s supermarket in Brockton in order to test the system.
Mellyn said when the check bounced, the man would have been out $2,500 of his own money.
The man was also instructed to buy certain items and observe various aspects of the store�s operation.
Mellyn said the scam seemed more sophisticated than other common ones.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 32.758564
Retrieved Text: > If you want to give somebody a ticket, you'd better beware of their monkey!
If you want to give somebody a ticket, you'd better beware of their monkey!
An unusual mishap took place quite recently in Aransas Pass, Texas, USA. On Wednesday, 19th June 2013, an unexpecting police officer got bitten by a monkey as he was trying to give a ticket to the driver of a speeding car, in which a monkey was riding in.
The traffic policeman, Keith Moore, 21, got his hand attacked by the monkey - which probably became outraged seeing its driver being given the ticket - right when he was trying to ask the driver to sign on the speeding ticket.
The officer, shocked by the attack, went back and reported it to his fellow police officer - who also happened to be his sergeant - who was waiting in the police car behind the car being pulled over. As it turned out, Moore wasn't the only one shocked as his sergeant's reaction was also the same as his.
Moore told Kris TV that his sergeant thought he got stung by a bee at first. It was when Moore was walking back to his sergeant that he could tell him more clearly that it was a monkey that attacked him and that monkey just came out of nowhere. Well, you see, how is a police officer supposed to expect that there would be a monkey, or even any other animal, sitting at the back of a car?
Despite the attack, Keith Moore carried on his

########
Rank: 18
Score: 32.680645
Retrieved Text: Police reportedly ticketed Taofik Moalla for screaming.
Talk about a bum note: A Montreal man says he’s facing a $117 traffic ticket just for singing in his car.
The 38-year-old Moalla was grooving to the beat when police suddenly pulled him over, according to HuffPost Canada.
Four of Montreal’s finest came up to look into Moalla’s car and asked him what he was doing.
After he replied, “Nothing,” one officer asked him, “Did you scream loudly?” the Canadian Broadcasting Company reported.
Let’s refresh our collective memories, shall we?
After police checked Moalla’s license and registration, they came back with a traffic ticket fining him $149 Canadian dollars (or $117) for screaming in his car.
Nearly a month later, Moalla is still shocked by the charge.
Moalla insists he wasn’t singing too loud. He plans to contest the ticket as soon as a court date is scheduled, which could take up to a year.
For his defense, he just plans to tell the judge how he got the ticket.
HuffPost reached out to Montreal’s police department, which declined to comment on the case but sent a statement detailing Moalla’s legal options.
Meanwhile, Moalla’s fight for the right to sing along with ’90s dance hits isn’t getting much sympathy from his wife.
“She told me, if it was for singing, I’d have given you a ticket for $300,” he told CTV Montreal.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 32.28743
Retrieved Text: A Rohnert Park man was arrested Wednesday after crashing his car into a police cruiser during a chase, authorities said.
Peter Sullivan, 38, of Rohnert Park, fled after an officer tried to pull him over on Roberts Lake Road for going 65 mph in a 35 mph zone, Rohnert Park police said in a statement. During the chase, Roberts nearly collided with another police cruiser making an unrelated traffic stop before entering the Home Depot parking lot on Redwood Drive, police said.
As officers followed his gray Toyota into the parking lot, he collided with a patrol cruiser while trying to pull through a handicap parking space, at which point his car broke down, police said. He was arrested on suspicion of reckless driving, evading police and drug possession.
Sullivan did not appear to be under the influence of alcohol or drugs during the chase, but he did have illegal drugs in the car, police said. He was not injured, but an officer suffered minor injuries and was treated at the hospital and released.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 32.144085
Retrieved Text: Blood samples reviewed in DUI homicide trial Delaware County Daily TimesJun 25 09:04 PM MEDIA COURTHOUSE A blood sample taken from Jonathan I. Vanderhorst on the night of a fatal traffic accident indicates he was under the impairing influences of marijuana and the prescription anti-anxiety drug Clonazepam at the time of the accident, according to forensic toxicologist Richard Cohn.
Truckie on ice 'horrifying', but not to blame in fatal crash Northern StarJun 24 12:18 PM OFF THE ROAD: The driver of the B-double truck involved in fatal crash on the Pacific Hwy. at Woodburn in August 2014 has been disqualified from driving for 18 months and fined $800 for driving under the influence of the drug ice.
New Law Aims To Reduce Drunk Driving In Texas CBS 19 TylerJun 23 03:04 PM Gov. Greg Abbott signed HB 2246 into law, making Texas the 25th state in the nation to require all convicted drunk drivers to install an ignition interlock system in their cars if they choose to drive during their license suspension period.
MEDIA COURTHOUSE Jury deliberations began late Friday in the case of an Upper Darby man charged with homicide by vehicle while driving under the influence. Jonathan I. Vanderhorst, 46, of the 300 block of Windermere Avenue, is also charged with aggravated assault while DUI, DUI and recklessly endangering another person for the Jan.
For the first time, a man accused of driving under the influence and causing a crash that killed his wife is speaking about the accident.
A Romulus woman is now charged with second-degree murder in

########
Rank: 21
Score: 32.049557
Retrieved Text: An Aberdeen man charged with giving police a false name when questioned faces jail time and a fine if convicted.
But an American CivilLiberties Union spokesman says the arrest of the man -- who was wearing women's clothing and make-up at the time -- is "petty harassment."
Dwayne A. Norton was charged Jan. 30 for giving a Havre de Grace patrolman a different first and last name, Harford District Court records say.
According to police, Norton told a police officer who had stopped him and another man that his first name was "Dwight." He spelled his last name "Mortan." Norton had been stopped in the Concord Field area of the city, police said in court records.
The police officer, John W. Williams, learned Norton's real name and then arrested him on a charge of making a false statement, records say.
"They're really reaching for arrests, aren't they?" said Stuart Comstock-Gay, executive director of the ACLU office in Baltimore. "It just seemslike petty harassment.
"There's a lot of bad stuff going on out there," said Comstock-Gay, whose association is not involved in the case.
"It doesn't seem to me to be a necessary use of police time."
But Sgt. John Van Gilder, a spokesman for the Havre de Grace police, said Williams acted properly, considering that the department regularly receives reports of crime in the Concord Field neighborhood.
"The officer had probable cause that a crime was committed," Van Gilder said.
"It's up to the court system to decide if there's innocence or guilt."
Norton, 22, faces a maximum sentence of six months in prison and a $500

########
Rank: 22
Score: 31.897999
Retrieved Text: Why Did This Guy Blow Weed Smoke Into Cop’s Face?
Hopefully, the man will be able to afford a good enough lawyer that should be able to keep his record clean.
A Canadian man is gaining attention across the country after a recent altercation with the RCMP. Apparently, the unnamed civilian has had enough of Canada’s cannabis legalization delays and expressed his frustration through a pretty disrespectful gesture. We at HERB would never condone the blatant disrespect of police officers, but this story should highlight the frustration that many Canadians feel about the current cannabis laws.
At around 8:20 PM on August 24th, a 25-year-old Canadian man was pulled over at a routine drunk driving roadside check in Brantford, Ontario. The officer asked him some general questions about his night and if he was under the influence. And as the cop was conversing with him, he noticed a “green leafy substance” on his dashboard.
Let’s ignore the fact that the cop probably just gave the worst description of a bag of cannabis, but what was this guy thinking by having it in the open? Most likely, he wanted the officer to notice the bag so he could take a hit of his hidden joint and proceed to exhale a cloud of cannabis smoke into the cops face.
Now this kind of statement is fueled by quite a lot of anger towards not just the police, but more importantly, the system that is behind these laws.
The police officer promptly arrested the man following a large dose of second-hand smoke and he was

########
Rank: 23
Score: 31.829733
Retrieved Text: The Twitter account Bipartisan [email protected] posted a bounty Sunday night seeking the identity of a man seen in the McKinney, Texas pool party incident last Friday.
Police and residents in McKinney, Texas are the subjects of death threats, bounties and doxxing over the handling by police of a pool party last Friday that has provoked nationwide controversy since a YouTube video of the incident went viral. The video showed a white police officer using force on a fifteen year-old Black girl who was resisting being detained. The officer was also seen pulling a gun on two young Black men who were menacing the officer as he tried to detain the girl.
“One resident I spoke to said that she was a witness from start to finish, even before that cell phone camera started rolling. She says she wants the truth out there, but she also says that she’s concerned about her safety. She wasn’t willing to go on camera because she says residents here, who are siding with police, have received death threats.
“UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I want everyone to know that that police officer, along with everyone else, they were completely in the right and protecting everyone. He was not out of line. I completely support him drawing his weapon or a Taser or whatever it was that he did pull because he was being attacked from behind. I believe that if your life is threatened, that you have every right to pull a gun. He probably didn’t intend on using it.
Anonymous has gotten into the act seeking

########
Rank: 24
Score: 31.801222
Retrieved Text: Did you know that you can get a DUI charge for substances other than alcohol? Illegal drugs and certain prescription drugs that impair driving can also get the cops to charge you with DUI. It’s much more difficult to defend against a DUI charge for a substance that’s not alcohol, since most police stations will perform a blood test to analyze what is in the suspect’s body.
One unlucky teenager got that surprise as soon as he got his license. A man in New Jersey had just gotten his license and managed to crash his car while high with a friend a few hours later. There were no injuries, but the boy did drift into oncoming traffic and hit the guard rail. He admitted to police that he had smoked 30 minutes earlier.
Silence is Golden. Talk to a Lawyer instead.
“You have the right to remain silent.” In many cases, silence is the best option for those who are stopped under suspicion of the commission of a crime. That is one of the primary reasons that we have the legal system in place – to protect and defend our rights. As a common sense measure, if you do open your mouth, don’t lie.
Lying opens the door for higher bail, raised fees, and longer sentences, as a general rule. It is often better to stay quiet, offering only the most minimal and truthful of answers to those who have stopped you.
Kurt Patrick Newkam got himself into a world of trouble by trying to lie to the arresting officer. The

########
Rank: 25
Score: 31.674532
Retrieved Text: Talking back to a police officer while you’re under arrest is usually not the smartest move, a bit like tugging on Superman’s cape, or spitting into the wind. But it’s legal, according to a federal appeals court — and if the officer retaliates in some way, like hauling you off to jail instead of giving you a ticket and letting you go, you might be entitled to damages.
“Police officers may not use their authority to punish an individual for exercising his First Amendment rights,” the Ninth U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in San Francisco said in a 2-1 ruling Feb. 8 that reinstated a lawsuit against the city of Yakima, Wash., and two of its policemen.
Ford kept talking for awhile after Urlacher handcuffed him, put him in the patrol car and threatened to jail him unless he shut up. He quieted down, but the officer drove him away and booked him at the suggestion of a superior officer, telling Ford that “your mouth and your attitude talked you into jail.” Urlacher later testified that he jailed Ford because of “his rageful … behavior towards the law enforcement,” which, the officer said, put public safety at risk.
Ford went to trial on the noise-violation charge, was found not guilty, and then sued for damages. A judge dismissed the suit, ruling that Urlacher had acted reasonably and had not punished Ford for freedom of speech, but the appeals court said a jury might conclude otherwise.
The Constitution protects “a significant amount of verbal criticism and challenge directed at police officers,”

########
Rank: 26
Score: 31.630703
Retrieved Text: WORCESTER — A Spencer man is accused of being under the influence of drugs when he crashed his pickup truck in a commercial building near Washington Square on Monday night. Authorities said they discovered heroin in his pocket after the accident.
An officer on patrol near 18 Grafton St. heard the sound of screeching tires around 7:35 p.m. Monday and saw a red 2000 Chevrolet Silverado pickup heading north.
"The truck was fishtailing and appeared out of control," police said. "The officer observed the truck crash into the rear of a 2012 Chevrolet Malibu and then crash into the Osgood Building, located at 18 Grafton St."
The officer began speaking to the driver of the pickup truck, identified as Charles Cormier, 35, of 10 G H Wilson Road, Spencer. Neither Mr. Cormier nor anyone in the Malibu was injured, police said.
Investigators from the Crash Reconstruction Unit spoke with Mr. Cormier. One of the officers, who is trained in drug influence recognition, noticed Mr. Cormier was unsteady on his feet, but did not smell alcohol on his breath, police said.
Police arrested Mr. Cormier and charged him with driving under the influence of drugs, heroin possession and motor vehicle violations.
"A search incident to the arrest of Mr. Cormier discovered a substance believed to be heroin," police said. "The heroin was located in his sweat shirt pocket. A further search of the immediate area within the pickup truck discovered evidence to support recent drug use."
Officers checked Mr. Cormier's truck and noticed one of the front wheels was missing a brake caliper and

########
Rank: 27
Score: 31.564964
Retrieved Text: Daniel Kahnwald, Ines’s father, works here. He is a police officer. The junior officer, Egon Tiedemann, works under him.
In 1953, the bodies of two dead children are found on the construction site for the nuclear power station. Daniel and Egon investigate. The children are wearing strange clothing from China. Their eyes are burned. Around their necks they wear red twine necklaces on which hang five pfennig coins. It is the most mysterious case the two policemen have ever had.
Then the young boy, Helge Doppler, vanishes too. Egon suspects a man who recently inquired about Helge at the police station. The man is Ulrich, who has traveled through time to prevent the murder of his brother and the disappearance of his son. Egon finds Ulrich, covered in blood, on a road through the forest. He captures him in front of the cave, locks him up, and violently tries to force information out of him: What has happened to Helge? In vain.
The arrest mug shot of Ulrich will lie unseen in the police archives for 66 years. Until Charlotte Doppler finds it.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 31.520525
Retrieved Text: STARKVILLE, Miss. (AP) – A Mississippi police chief says his officers will stop following what he called an “unwritten rule” that gives fellow law enforcement officers a break not offered to civilians suspected of driving under the influence.
Starkville Police Chief Frank Nichols made this announcement on Thursday after his department decided not to ticket a drunken Columbus police officer during a traffic stop. He calls that a bad judgment call.
News outlets report that a Starkville police officer pulled over a part-time Columbus officer on March 9 after he was seen swerving between lanes. A breath test showed the presence of alcohol, but no ticket was issued. The chief didn’t say if any of the officers involved would face discipline.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 31.3328
Retrieved Text: This resumes an occasional series by a neighborhood police officer in Northwest Detroit’s Eighth Precinct. Two recent Facebook posts are adapted with permission.
I am out and about, doing my police thing, when I see a large crowd of young black men on the side of their home, being loud and having a few drinks. I drive closer and slow down near the house.
So I pull down my scout car window and ask if he’s talking to me.
He keeps yelling, so I get out to have a conversation. He quickly states: “You cannot come on my property, so stay on the sidewalk.” I talk him into inviting me on his property after we have a sensible exchange about how I am the police, but I am not your enemy.
It’s about 12 brothers in the yard. Most seem to have a negative view of police. My female partner then arrives in a different vehicle and we both are now kicking knowledge with these young men.
We eventually break the barrier or bridge the gap.
Amid this communication, a third car arrives — a special enforcement unit with two officers. This gives the young men reason to amp up again. They dial back to 10, trying to make it negative, so I quickly ask the pair of officers to leave and they do.
That shocks the gathering. They did not get tased, frisked or “harassed,” to use a word tossed out. They got treated differently from past police encounters.
They saw that all police are not alike. My partner spoke to them as

================



======= Instance Index 1162 =========
Input Text: Read the following conversation and answer the question.

M: We are glad to have Dr. Garfield to talk to us today about dreams. Let me start by asking the first question. Does everyone dream?

W: It appears that everyone does. Mostly when people say that they never dream, what they really mean is that they don't remember their dreams or they don't think their dreams are important. The reason behind is that they might have been made fun of with a child when they first reported their dreams or it was so frightening that they just turned off dreaming completely. The other day, someone named Davis came to me and said that he used to be a great dreamer, but suddenly he stopped having dreams. I asked him what it happened. It turned out that his brother died by heart attack and he never expected that such a terrible thing would happen to a young person. Generally, when there was some frightening event and dream about it was too terrible. People prefer not to dream about it. Actually the worst thing you can do is stop dreaming. Because it means that the bad experience would be too painful to even appear in dreams. As long as you dream about it and even the dream is frightening, your mind is working on it. My personal opinion about what dreams do is that they help us deal with our problems. We see certain patterns take place in dreams. When a person is hurt deep inside, when a person is seriously ill or when a person has been really sad, if people turn off their dreams totally, it means they don't love themselves to even think about it.

Question: Why do some people say they never have dreams according to Dr Garfield? 

- They forget about their dreams.

- They don't want to tell the truth.

- They have no bad experiences.

Target Text: They forget about their dreams.

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 41.59034
Retrieved Text: "It's just a dream," many a parent has said while comforting a child who is having a nightmare.
But maybe dreams shouldn't be so readily dismissed.
"What we do in our dreams profoundly affects future dreams and our waking minds," says Patricia Garfield, clinical psychologist, college instructor and author.
Garfield, whose books about dreams and dreaming have been published in 12 languages, is one of six co-founders of the Association for the Study of Dreams, a nonprofit, international organization dedicated to the investigation of dreams and dreaming.
She's kept a diary of her dreams for more than 50 years and says dreams can make a huge difference in the quality of one's life.
Some scientists believe dreams are the brain's attempt to find meaning in the random signals it receives during REM - rapid eye movement - sleep, according to the National Institutes of Health, National Institute of Neurological Disorders and Stroke Web site at www.ninds.nih.gov.
REM sleep, the final of five sleep phases, was discovered by researchers 50 years ago. REM is the sleep stage during which breathing becomes more rapid and irregular, eyes jerk violently, heart rate increases and blood pressure rises. When people wake up during the REM phase of sleep, they often describe dreams.
We also dream in other sleep phases, says Veronica Tonay, author, college instructor and psychologist in Santa Cruz, Calif.
If you sleep eight hours, 20 percent of your sleep will be spent in dreaming. Dreams start short: Your first dream will last about 10 minutes, Garfield says. They get increasingly longer as your sleep progresses. If

########
Rank: 1
Score: 29.912487
Retrieved Text: The Vice-Chair (Mr. Garfield Dunlop): Good afternoon, everyone. We’ll begin the meeting of the Standing Committee on the Legislative Assembly. Today, we’re doing petition procedures.
The Vice-Chair (Mr. Garfield Dunlop): We have with us Dr. Nicole Goodman, who has a 20-minute presentation—up to 20 minutes. Then we have up to 40 minutes for the three parties, split equally, to ask questions of Dr. Goodman.
With that, Dr. Goodman, I’d welcome you and ask you to begin your presentation.
Dr. Nicole Goodman: Great. Thank you very much for having me today. Thank you to Trevor and Jonathan for inviting me. My name is Nicole Goodman. I am currently an assistant professor at the University of Toronto, at the Munk School of Global Affairs, and I’m the research director for the Centre for e-Democracy.
I’ll begin just by giving you a little bit of background about myself and my qualifications. My PhD is in political science. My dissertation focused on political participation, particularly voting among young people, and the majority of my research looks at political participation—specifically, more recently, Internet voting and the implications of Internet voting. So I think you’ll see some ties today in my comments between e-petitions and Internet voting.
The structure of my comments today are going to be in three areas: participation, model considerations, and security. Obviously, I’m a social scientist, so my expertise is going to speak to the participation component of these comments. Model considerations are just some questions—I’m not sure; maybe they’ve been raised. I read a few of the Hansards. I didn’t necessarily see

########
Rank: 2
Score: 29.19991
Retrieved Text: One of the biggest issues affecting the 21st Century man and woman is the subject of curses. As an Intercessor my heart breaks for all the men and women who are operating under curses without knowing. In this book you will discover the common curses and most importantly how one can break free.
The Readers Digest word power dictionary defines ‘curse’ as an appeal to a supernatural power to inflict harm on someone or something. The other definition is ‘a cause of harm or misery’. The other definition is the one we all know, the one about using offensive words etc. That’s not the one I will focus on today.
Whenever someone says “You will never be able to be a doctor, you can’t!!” That’s a curse right there. Now that pronouncement is verbal right and yet also supernatural. Proverbs 18:21 “Death and life are in the power of the tongue: and they that love it shall eat the fruit thereof”. This makes it clear that life and death are in the power of the tongue. That previous statement about not being able to be a doctor is a death statement, he or she is speaking death to the dream of this would be young man or young woman. By speaking such words, they are releasing supernatural words of death, not only that, hear that 13 times and it forms part of your belief system. Now think about this, such people who speak such words are the ones closest to us. Isn’t that sad? They are transferring their

########
Rank: 3
Score: 29.075455
Retrieved Text: Come, come, come. What an honor it is to see all of you fine people here today. Welcome to the Museum of Garfield. Yes, it's a museum dedicated to the greatest Garfield's in history. There's of course James Garfield and Garfield the cat.
Next to Garfield the Cat you can see the third of the four of us that we have available. Shown here in the lobby, is, of course, Lin-Manuel Miranda. Well, he has no relation to the Garfield's, but you know, we figured why not? He's popular with the kids today, and with the the Broadway show Hamilton if people want to learn their history wrong, you can do much worse. George Washington kept lots of slaves, too. Anyways.
Anyways. What an honor. How fun and wonderful it is to see all of you. And to think I, humble Jim Davis, am here to guide you. I mean, most run away when I admit to them I'm a cannibal. Oh, like a few of you are. But the few of you finally likely realize what I mean by that. Yes, I am simply a fan of the band Fine Young Cannibals. It's hilarious.
I tell people frequently that I'm a cannibal, and they go, "Jim Davis, cannibal? Cannibal?" And I have to explain to them that, no, Jim Davis doesn't eat people, he just listens to the music of the people who do, presumably, 'cause why else would you name your band that? I mean, it's crazy. That's a stupid band name. I assume the title is

########
Rank: 4
Score: 28.979439
Retrieved Text: I hate having a catch in my back. I get no sleep, I get no food, I get no exercise. - - Don't tip the cat over, Odie. I get no respect.
Well hello there, Mr. Stuck-Up. - Having a catch in one's back does tend to give one an air of sophistication... - I could get to like this.
Let's take care of that catch in your back, Garfield. - CRINK! - There you go, old buddy. Thanks, I think.
fun yet? Ha ha ha, wheee.
YAWN - GASP! - Waking up to my own bad breath is bad enough, but someone else's is unbearable.
Okay, get revved up there, Odie. - GO! - I love toys that don't need batteries.
- crinkle - May I have some of that candy bar? Here, take it.
- I declare this steak the sovereign property of Garfield, the cat! - I've never had my dinner annexed before. And you may never see it alive again.
- SMACK Let's play! - Leave me alone, Garfield. Let's play! Let's play! - Oh, okay, we'll play. - TICKLE! TICKLE! TICKLE! TICKLE! HA! HA! HEE! HO! HEE! HEE! - OUCH! - I'm through playing now.
Hey, Garfield, we're going to the farm to visit dad and mom this week. - Goodo. I need a change of surroundings. I was getting bored with this city life. - It will be nice to be bored in the country for a change.
It's great to be back on the farm, Garfield. Nothing ever changes. - The same old surroundings, the same old room... -

########
Rank: 5
Score: 28.371653
Retrieved Text: Lucille Wait, Betty Boyd, Shirley Sanders, Dorothy Wait, Janith Boyd, Arthur Austin, Billy Boyd and King.
Dr. Gutfruend and his granddaughter Shirley lived in this house which originally belonged to the Sloneks. Later it was called Under the Pines. Photo courtesy of CSMyers.
John Love finished a driven well (machine pounded rather than by hand) on Thursday, October 1.
Ken McBride was over to play with Jim Leavenworth on Saturday. They often got together in October.
The middle of October Garfield Leavenworth started remodeling their kitchen for Ella’s new stove. Three days later, Ella had moved into her kitchen and the new stove was set up. Kate Love visited again.
Garfield started work for Walter Tether. At the end of October Garfield worked for Dr. Gutfruend. Dr. Gutfruend and his granddaughter Shirley Sanders lived in the old Slonek house that would one day be called, Under the Pines. Perhaps Garfield did some repairs on the old house. Garfield did put shingles on his own porch.
There is a photo of Shirley Sanders with several children from Eldred with my dad and his St. Bernard dog King. The group had gone swimming behind the library one day when King got in the water and they had a hard time getting him out.
Starting Tuesday, November 3, Garfield worked 11 days for Walter Tether. As that job was ending, Garfield went to the Scouts to see if they had work for him.
Mid-month Garfield worked some more on his own home. He took the partition out of the front room and laid some floor. He bought

########
Rank: 6
Score: 27.919636
Retrieved Text: Today is Martin Luther King Jr. Day. A day to meant honor a man who stood up in front of the world and declared that he had a DREAM. He professed his desire to make this world, and his place in it VERY different.
Some thought he was absolutely crazy. Some thought his so-called dream would never come true. And some thought he was just ONE MAN who never stood a chance against society at large.
But Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. did not listen to the naysayers.
He did not pay attention to those who did not believe in him.
Dr. King wasted no time worrying what people would think of him. No, HE HAD A DREAMand he used all of his energy to work toward making that DREAM come true.
This morning, before I started my workday, I Googled Dr. King’s “I Have A Dream”speech and read it. It was incredibly powerful and moving. It was so inspirational. It reminded me of the TRUE spirit of this day.
I carried that inspiration with me all day long. I thought about the ways in which I can channel Dr. King’s energy into everything I do.
I want to carry Dr. King’s tenacity and dedication into the DREAMS that I have! I want to remember that as lofty as my dreams might seem, and as tiny as I may feel in this great big world, I CAN make my dreams come true. I never want to forget that MLK was one of many people who died trying to make his dream come true.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 27.9095
Retrieved Text: Does An Andrew Garfield Rita Ora Relationship Actually Exist?
So, here’s the thing about celebrities. We see all the photographs taken of them in public and all the posts they choose to share on social media, but we never really know what’s going on behind the scenes. Sometimes, something will catch us off-guard like a surprising friendship or a relationship that was totally off our radar. That’s why when we found out that actor Andrew Garfield and singer Rita Ora are allegedly dating, it came completely out of left field. Beyond being British and famous, we didn’t know if the stars had anything else in common but here we are.
It’s surprising that the Let You Love Me star has time for romance, given that Rita’s currently doing a ton of press for her new album Phoenix. She also just wrapped up one of her biggest gigs of the year: performing at the Victoria’s Secret fashion show on live television.
That said, they may have had a little more time together recently. The pair were both in attendance at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards, but they sneakily avoided coming in together.
Previously, Rita was romantically linked to music producer Andrew Watt and the pair dated for 13 months before splitting earlier this October. On the other hand, Andrew Garfield was seen earlier this year having dinner with his former flame Emma Stone according to The Sun though nothing seems to have materialised there.
We’ll just have to wait to see how things play out between Andrew and Rita, if they say

########
Rank: 8
Score: 27.735683
Retrieved Text: It is not certain why we dream but dreaming is normal and everyone does it. Some people say that they never dream and, although this is their genuine experience, it is more likely they have dreams but do not to remember them. If people are awakened during their dream they are much more able to recall the dream. Unfortunately this does mean that nightmares are quite often remembered, as they are more likely to wake the person.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 27.650415
Retrieved Text: History unfolding in our beloved GHS mural.
The murals of Garfield tell the inspiring stories of marginalized communities all the way from the thriving towns developed by the indigenous people of this land to the various alum that became huge moguls in music, art, activism and so much more. We see the masterpiece every time we walk through the halls of the first floor and it is so much more meaningful to the people at Garfield than a few bright colors plastered on the wall, it’s an engaging history lesson complete with representation of multiple racial identities and inspiration to be the next world leaders and change makers.
Students here truly appreciate the art that was done by a Garfield alum. There are many facets of the mural to explore and feel inspired by. “My favorite part is definitely the stats about the 80’s and 90’s that are right outside of the women’s bathroom on the first floor. it’s my favorite because it shows how much history Garfield carries and how Garfield has always been a barrier breaking school. We were the first school in Seattle with majority POC and it also shows how rich the central districts history is” said senior here at Garfield, Leila Adams.
The activist scene is becoming more enveloped into Garfield culture and in the past few years we have seen a wave of fresh faces getting involved in speaking out and motivating their peers to speak out as well. “My favorite mural at Garfield is the image of the one and only Martin

########
Rank: 10
Score: 27.332682
Retrieved Text: Home Science Why do we Dream? What is its purpose?
Should we eat Meat? Why and Why Not?
Why do we have dreams? What purpose do they serve? — you may have wondered about such questions at some point in your life. Well, you are not alone; even the greatest philosophers had been troubled by these questions for thousands of years. With the development of Science and Technology the philosophers became scientists. In modern era also, scientists were fascinated about dreaming and carried out research and study for it. Different scientists gave different theories, but still we are not able to find an accurate reason which can be accepted unanimously.
As there is no perfect theory regarding it, so first discuss them one by one and try to find a conclusion at the end.
Wait, before going to these complicated theories, first let’s see what a dream is?
Dream is basically the images, visuals or ideas (thoughts) that we experience during sleep. It may be sometimes understandable and very much realistic, but in other instances very much confusing and illogical.
The study of dreaming is called “Oneirology”.
So, why do we Dream? What is its Purpose?
We spend one third of a day sleeping and dreaming, but still we haven’t found the right cause of dreams. But we should not forget that science is still studying the functioning of brain and not even found the right cause of sleep. So it is obvious, dream is a bit more complicated than sleep and scientists will take more time to unravel the truth.
But still many theories

########
Rank: 11
Score: 27.29633
Retrieved Text: ‘What will people say‘ Inc. Is the fastest growing industry and will continue ruling us if we keep ignoring our passion because of it.
But first you have to see what kind of people are in this Inc. And how can you tackle them.
Let’s start meeting the people of ‘what will people say’ Inc.
The eminent person in ‘What will people say’ Inc is Mr Naazi. He has one duty. And that is to find fault in everything. If someone is lazy, he will complain that the employee doesn’t work. If someone is working 8 hours per day, Mr Naazi will scold him for not working 10 hours per day. Mr Naazi is never satisfied, never contented.
Leave others, Mr Naazi finds the flaws in him too. He is not satisfied with his looks, job and life. He hates himself.
Do you think, not going after what you love because of a person who doesn’t even love himself, is a good choice?
It is better to give him one thing and that is ignorance.
How to ignore Mr Naazi?
– Love your dream, passion and yourself. It’s a small life, why waste it in hate? Make love superior in your life. So that the hate of Mr Naazi gets scared of love in your life.
– Build a wall around yourself, a wall of the dreams, belief and courage. Make this wall stronger by chasing your dreams. Mr Naazi will never enter this wall if you have cemented it using self- belief.
Imagine you are coming out of the market, searching for your car, parked

########
Rank: 12
Score: 27.285324
Retrieved Text: You know what? I’ve discovered recently, I hate Garfield. It’s really sad when the best part of your cartoon is that Lou Rawls sings the song over your credit sequence. It’s doubly sad because I always sort of saw that as an attempt to copy the Peanuts Specials with their use of Vince Guaraldi’s jazz music. Of course since Garfield was a cynical and calculated attempt to cash in on what had gone before, it pretty much measures up. I hate to be really nasty, but it is true that Garfield hasn’t been funny in 20 years and these specials pinpoint that fact. There is a joke in here that shows up in all three of the specials on this DVD, pretty much at the same time in each one too. It’s pretty sad to see how little effort went into each of these cartoons.
I kind of hope he’s signed up for the Big Sleep.
We start with Garfield waking up Jon by playing marching music through a boom box. See, Garfield wants breakfast and not just breakfast but a huge breakfast. See, that’s funny because big G is fat and he’s fat because he eats too much. That’s funny because… well it isn’t funny actually. Another thing not funny “About those pancakes? Next time a little less pan a little more cake.” What the hell does that even mean? Are we to understand that Jon, in a desperate attempt to free himself, decided to scrape up some of the Teflon coating from the pan to poison

########
Rank: 13
Score: 26.98621
Retrieved Text: I’ve never understood why people feel the need to pressure someone to conform. Why are they so intimidated by someone daring to think for themselves, pursue their own dreams and make choices according to their own preferences?
And what I really don’t get is how they can say they love someone and yet reject particular qualities that makes that person who they are.
These are the thoughts that have contributed to a poem I finished recently.
The imagery is macabre and horrifying. The message is dark. None of that will surprise anyone who knows my writing.
I won’t discuss the details of the situations that led to it being written. Suffice to say that there are people in various “circles” in which I live and move who have, at one time or another, exerted significant pressure on me to be less individual and more compliant with the way they like or want things to be.
I have some bad news for them.
I will not submit to their peer pressure. As adults, they should know better.
I will not moderate my politics, my social conscience, or my rampant individuality for them.
I will not be submissive or silent in response to their bad behaviour, intolerance and hypocrisy.
If they don’t like it, they can go and boil their heads.
If you appreciated this poem or this post, please click “like” or leave a comment. Both things help my post be seen by more people.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 26.922585
Retrieved Text: The news was every kid’s dreams. In a unanimous decision the teachers at Garfield elementary in Seattle—whose alumni include Jimi Hendrix, Bruce Lee, and Debbi Armstrong—voted to boycott the Measures of Academic Progress (MAP) test. The decision was historic. Test boycotts have been organized by students, and in some cases test companies have even been sued by disgruntle parents for test malpractice, but the action by the Garfield teachers is a first. Parents can be ignored, individual students can be suspended, an entire class can be failed, but a school district cannot fire their teachers en masse without shutting down the whole school.
While the teachers’ actions may seem extreme, the grounds that they give for refusing to administer the test are fairly narrow. The MAP test was brought to the Seattle School District by former Superintendent Maria Goodloe-Johnson as part of $4 million contract with Northwest Evaluation Association. At the same time that this deal was being negotiated Goodloe-Johnson was sitting on the board of Northwest Evaluation Association. Essentially, Goodloe-Johnson was covertly sitting on both ends of the negotiation table while hammering out the details of a multimillion dollar contract that would benefit her personally. An investigation by the state auditor found Goodle-Johnson guilty of ethics violations for not disclosing her conflict of interests, and she was fired from her job as superintendent soon after. Miraculously enough the contract with Northwest Evaluation Association managed to survive. When the teachers at Garfield refused to administer the test they did so on the grounds that the School District

########
Rank: 15
Score: 26.651724
Retrieved Text: James A. Garfield Questions including "How and why was James Garfield assassinated"
James A. Garfield was the 20th President of the United States and served from March 4, 1881 to September 19, 1881.
How did James A. Garfield become your president?
Everyone who runs in the election gets votes and the person whogets the most votes wins and gets to be president.
How did James Garfield become president?
Did James A. Garfield grow up on a farm?
What is James Garfields nickname?
Did James Garfield run for reelection?
James A. Garfield was killed during the first year of his presidency.
Why is James A. Garfield famous?
How old was James A Garfield when he was assassinated?
The cause of James Garfield was due to complication from what?
What was James Garfield nickname?
Where is James A Garfield?
James A. Garfield was only 20 years old in 1852, he has now passed away. The grave of James A. Garfield is in Bodie, California.
How did James Garfield make your lives better?
When did James A. Garfield get shot?
James A. Garfield 's parent's jobs?
Who was James Garfield's mother?
Eliza Ballou ( September 21, 1801 - January 21, 1888 ) was the mother of James Garfield.
Where was James A. Garfield place of birth?
How did James A Garfield get the nickname jamie?
Who was James A Garfields Senator?
Effect of James A Garfield's assassination?
The Pendelton Civiill Service Reform Act of 1883 became law.
What did James A. Garfield do that change the country?
When was James Garfield born?
November 19,1831 was the date of Garfield's birth.
President Garfield's outstanding weakness was his?
How did James Garfield get the nickname preacher president?
He was an ardent

########
Rank: 16
Score: 26.643759
Retrieved Text: When the Next Pandemic Strikes, Who Will We Trust?
Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) Director Dr. Tom Frieden, left, prepares to testify on Capitol Hill in Washington, Thursday, Oct. 16, 2014.
AMANDA ARONCZYK: This is On the Media, I'm Amanda Aronczyk.
BOB GARFIELD: And I'm Bob Garfield. Another flu season is upon us, another set of reminders to get your vaccination and, once again, another season of public complacency.
FEMALE CORRESPONDENT: I want to ask you guys if you've had the flu shot this year?
MALE CORRESPONDENT: Ah, not yet.
MALE CORRESPONDENT: Nah, I just didn't get it. I'll going to get it.
FEMALE CORRESPONDENT: How about you, flu shot?
MALE CORRESPONDENT: I don't think I've gotten it, no.
BOB GARFIELD: It is one of the paradoxes of pathogenesis. The public that can be terrified can also be impassive. One minute in a panic, the next in denial. Why the lack of urgency? The answer, may reside in a 2017 study by the Pew Research Center on Public Trust for various institutions of society. It found that 55 percent of Americans hold a lot of trust in information from medical scientists. But conversely, of course, that's 45 percent who do not have a lot of trust. Moreover, the percentage with a lot of trust in medical information from the pharmaceutical industry is 13 percent, the news media 8 percent, elected officials 6 percent. These results paralleled other surveys revealing plummeting levels of faith in American institutions in general.
BOB GARFIELD: These are problematic findings under any circumstances but in the face of the next

########
Rank: 17
Score: 26.589046
Retrieved Text: PACO: Why did we leave the party early, Papa?
PAPA: For our health, Paco.
PACO: For our health? How was the party bad for our health?
PAPA: The cigarette smoke was not good for our lungs.
PACO: But we weren’t smoking cigarettes.
MAMA: That is true, but we were getting second-hand smoke from those who were smoking.
TINA: Is that bad, too?
MAMA: Yes, second-hand smoke can cause illnesses in people who don’t smoke. Parents who smoke are putting their children in danger.
TINA: Why couldn’t we have any of the punch? It looked so good.
MAMA: That punch had alcohol in it.
PAPA: And you know what alcohol does to people.
PACO: It makes them silly.
MAMA: It does more than that. It affects the brain. People also make bad choices when alcohol fogs their brains.
TINA: Then why did we go?
PAPA: They are our friends, even though they don't make the best choices. We can be like Daniel.
PACO: How can we be like Daniel?
MAMA: Remember how Daniel and his friends chose not to drink the kings wine? We can give a good example to others by our choices.
PAPA: We showed our friendship by attending, but we showed our beliefs by drinking the water that they provided.
MAMA: If you children are ever at a party where drugs or alcohol are used I hope you can be like Daniel and stand up for what you know is right.
PAPA: Here comes our bus.
DR. T: Why hello, Mrs. Lopez and Mr. Lopez and Tina and Paco.
PAPA: Are you working late tonight?
DR. T: Yes. Lots of people who don’t follow my advice

########
Rank: 18
Score: 26.444542
Retrieved Text: In the last decade or so, popular culture seems to have caught up with what many of us have known for a long time: there’s something altogether not right about Garfield. Maybe it’s because the comic strip was created completely devoid of any substance whatsoever that looking too long at Garfield is like opening a door into the abyss. Take the webcomic garfield minus garfield for example. It’s just Garfield comic strips with the character of Garfield removed. It’s terrifying. Removing the fat orange cat takes it from a hokey newspaper comic to a level of fear and dread usually reserved for French existentialist novels real fast.
Speaking of France, Garfield, and searching for meaning in a chaotic and uncaring universe, the residents of France’s Iroise Coast know the fat orange menace all to well. For almost 40 years, Garfield telephones have been regularly appearing on the picturesque beaches, seemingly out of nowhere. In 2018 alone, there were over 200 Garfield parts found on the shore. Is there anything quite as disturbing as plastic Garfield phones continuously appearing? No matter how many the residents pick up and throw away, they just keep coming. That smug smile all cracked and weathered with it’s unblinking, unrelenting gaze. It’s like a cheap 20th century version of Poe’s The Raven, and I salute the people of France for not having been driven to madness.
Garfield, He Who Would Devour Time.
But now, at long last, the mystery of the mysterious Garfield phones has been solved.
The novelty phones have been such a staple of

########
Rank: 19
Score: 26.361338
Retrieved Text: Here we are in a real factory, boys and girls. Let's see what we can learn... - ARRRRRGH! WHAP! WHAP! WHAP! - SHUT THIS **!* THING OFF. Uncle Roy is learning never to wear loose clothing around big machinery.
career as a laboratory animal. And I'm Frank Sinatra.
much you love uncle Roy. I hate to see a grown man grovel.
- - Don't you dare. I don't know what you're talking about.
* crack - OH, YUK! - It's not often you see a yolk with a beak.
How would you like your bacon prepared, Garfield? Let's shoot for recognizable. - Jon is a terrible cook. He could ruin cereal. - Bacon flambe, yum yum.
Here's your cereal, Garfield. - What's the matter? Aren't you hungry? Not really. - I think one of the flakes just moved.
life was a rose garden.
I can't believe I turn six years old tomorrow. Some cats say, "Life begins at six," but I don't buy that. - Old age may take its toll on some cats, but it's not going to happen to me! I'm going to do something about it! - Right after my nap.
You need a name, fella. Let's see...what do you name a rubber chicken? - rrrrr - "Stretch"!
peck peck peck - SMACK! - I'll have some ham and eggs, and my friend, Stretch, will have a bowl of rubber bands.
peck peck peck - STOP PECKING ME WITH THAT RUBBER CHICKEN! - Aw, look, you just hurt Stretch's feelings. He brings out the worst in me.
hold them open any longer. - Sigh...so much

########
Rank: 20
Score: 26.34969
Retrieved Text: Playing it my way is the autobiography of all-time great cricketer Sachin Tendulkar also known as The Little Master. The book comes after his retirement from the international cricket. It describes his commitment and love for the game. Right from his childhood Sachin wanted to be a cricketer and nothing else. The book tells about the challenges he had faced during starting phase of his career in cricket, as well as series by series summery of his career and pin points of the matches. He also has shared few emotional moments of his life.
Most men make the error of thinking that one day it will be done. They think, “If I can work enough, then one day I could rest.” Or, “One day my woman will understand something and then she will stop complaining.” Or, “I’m only doing this now so that one day I can do what I really want with my life.” The masculine error is to think that eventually things will be different in some fundamental way. They won’t. It never ends. As long as life continues, the creative challenge is to tussle, play, and make love with the present moment while giving your unique gift.
The universal truth of this world is that every mankind has his dreams. Some people has stronger dreams, some has weaker. Few people realize that they have dreams and few don’t. Actually our dreams represent the energy level inside us. Energy is the source of every happening. The person with greater energy level has stronger dreams and the

########
Rank: 21
Score: 26.247038
Retrieved Text: Dr Catherine Engelke talks to newsGP about life as a GP in Western Australia’s remote north.
Dr Engelke, who has lived in the Kimberley region her whole life, worked as a midwife before becoming a GP.
That’s GP Dr Catherine Engelke of Kununurra in Western Australia, a 3200 km drive from Perth.
Dr Engelke has lived in the Kimberley, in the north-west of WA, for her whole life. Born in Derby, she was raised in Halls Creek and worked across the region as a midwife, starting straight after high school. While she had always dreamed of being a doctor, that particular vocation felt out of reach until she was spurred by a realisation: how could she tell her children to follow their dreams if she had not?
Dr Engelke started her training as a doctor in Perth in 2003. She knew, however, that she would return to the north-west.
‘I love the lifestyle, so it wasn’t difficult to end up here,’ she told newsGP.
Dr Engelke has raised two children in Kununurra with her husband, an agricultural scientist. As for the work, the dream has come true.
‘Working in rural and remote medicine is by far the most rewarding thing I’ve ever done,’ she said.
The variety of the work – one day she might be in the hospital emergency department in Kununurra, the next driving south to the small Aboriginal community of Warmun – is one of Dr Engelke’s main drivers as a healthcare provider.
The isolated nature of much of WA’s north-west means Dr Engelke practises a broad range of healthcare throughout the

########
Rank: 22
Score: 26.142977
Retrieved Text: N.T. Wright’s answer in a question and answer session to a question about hell is an object lesson in evasion. Trevin Wax and Carl Trueman have had interesting and appropriate things to say about it, but neither has noted publicly how Dr Wright conducts himself in giving the interview.
This is how it goes. When asked about the reality of hell, Wright says that his usual counter question is why Americans are fixated on hell.
But why should there be a counter – question of that kind to what is a perfectly straightforward question, though a difficult one? And why should one usually have that counter-question ready to hand? Politicians routinely use this ploy. Divert one question by asking another. When for whatever reason you do not wish to answer the question, ask another. There was a famous occasion when Jesus did this, but that was when evil men were straining to entangle him. No one is trying to trip Wright up, as far as I can see. Why should a noted church leader duck and weave? Why not answer the question about hell? To use the language of a past Leader of the House of Commons, why not ‘Spit it out!’?
why is it that the most prosperous affluent nation on earth is really determined to be sure that they know precisely who is going to be frying in hell and what the temperature will be and so on. There’s something quite disturbing about that, especially when your nation and mine has done quite a lot in the

########
Rank: 23
Score: 26.082743
Retrieved Text: Here is a little comment from Jackie Kennedy. Wow!
"Jackie Kennedy here! I want to take this opportunity to express my greatest admiration for The Polleys! They are God's Workers. I especially admire Linda. Any woman that has one of those special husbands with abilities beyond other men has my greatest admiration! I had the good fortune of being the wife of two exceptional men. So I know what she has to deal with. And to have the extra burdon of having such a brilliant husband that is so handicapped she has my deepest admiration for what they have managed to do together. It should be praised by all the world. I want to send a special message to an old friend of mine. You once asked me how I managed to put up with John's idiocincricities, his bad habits. I answered "Because of two things. I am his wife, and I love him beyond all other men. And because I love him I understand his needs. I understand his drives. And I understand that those needs need to be fulfilled in order for him to have the energy to do those things that he was meant to do. That I am never jealous of anyone who he fulfills those needs with, only joyous for them because they are sharing in the special wonders that I enjoy and am never denied whenever I desire them." You were shocked and said that you could never endure such a husband, but that you supposed you understood what I was

########
Rank: 24
Score: 26.067278
Retrieved Text: 3 one-sheet teasers for 3 upcoming films became available online today thanks MovieGoods! Click on an image for a higher-res version of the poster in our MovieVault!
Movie Picture Never Die Alone: DMX plays a gangster whose murder is witnessed by an aspiring journalist played by David Arquette. The gangster's rise and fall is charted in flashback through the gangster's journal, which enables the journalist to understand why he was killed and tell the story. Based on the 1974 book of the same name by prolific African American cult novelist Donald Goines.
CLICK HERE for more on this film, plus the high resolution poster!
Movie Picture I, Robot: Based on the classic story collection by famed science fiction writer Isaac Asimov, "I, Robot" will concentrate on Detective Del Spooner, who, with the aid of psychologist, Dr. Susan Calvin, will investigate the death of Dr. Miles Hogenmiller, a brilliant scientist who worked at US Robotics. Initially labeled a suicide, Spooner has other ideas, convinced that a robot may have taken the doctor's life. Isolated and eccentric, Dr. Hogenmiller appears as a hologram of himself, summoning Spooner to his side after his death. He was working on a very special project when his life was cut short. He had created something quite extraordinary - a robot with a living brain, code named "Sonny." Spooner goes to Hogenmiller's boss, Dr. Lance Robertson, with his suspicions. Incensed that Spooner wants to charge one of his robots with murder, Dr. Robertson maintains Dr. Hogenmiller took his own life. Terribly weary, Robertson knows full well

########
Rank: 25
Score: 25.975845
Retrieved Text: Hello people that read my blog and thank you for reading! Today I wanna write about something that has been in my mind for the past couple of days… dreams.
We all have dreams, don’t we? But, what is a dream? What does that word even mean? After thinking about it for a while, I realised that most of us define dreams as those things that we want to have/be/experience but we’re never going to. For example when I was little my dream was meeting the Backstreet Boys… Yes yes yes, I was a fan and I was in love with Kevin but that’s another story so let’s stick to today’s topic. That dream was a dream because it was hardly ever coming true. Also, while I was growing up my dream was to have a happy family. Not that my family is not a happy one, but for a while I saw it as a sad family because my parents are divorced so I dreamed about them getting back together, about the happy family portrait and everything most of my friends had. And again, that was a dream because it was never coming true.
I think since we’re little we’re programmed to think that way about dreams, like impossible things. We have this idea of having a higher power come down to us and making our dreams come true or maybe we think that we need a genie to come out of a magic lamp and grant us 3 dreams just like it did with Aladdin. But

########
Rank: 26
Score: 25.938377
Retrieved Text: How Do Blind People Dream? And What Kind of Nightmares Do They Experience?
Everyone dreams, even if they wake up and never remember the visions they saw or sensations they felt while tucked away in their bed, and this includes those who are blind. But what exactly do blind people dream about if they cannot see?
According to Discovery News, those who are blind dream in sounds and sensations, as well as tasting and smelling.
What’s even more fascinating is that blind people have more nightmares than those with sight, around 25 percent more. Although scientists don’t exactly know why this is, they do have a theory.
Check out the video above to learn more about the mix of sensory information the blind experience in their sleep.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 25.900743
Retrieved Text: I leave today for the RWA National Conference in Florida. After weeks of planning, shopping, and packing, and after spending way too much money on airfare and a new wardrobe (my usual Arizona t-shirt and shorts wouldn’t cut it at a professional conference), I find myself wondering if it’s all worth it.
Too many people have dreams and never do what it takes to even turn them into goals, much less put in the work to make them reality. I didn’t want to be that kind of person. It doesn’t matter what your dreams are, whether it’s to be writer like me, or to be a dancer, singer, or the best parent in the world, at some point you have to figure out how to get from Point A to Point B. This is when your Dream becomes a Goal.
What’s the difference? Well, I can dream about winning the lottery, but since I have no idea how to make that happen, it will forever remain just a dream. But to turn my writing into a goal, I knew I had to a) actually write down the stories in my head, b) learn the craft of writing, and c) learn the business of publishing. But that’s just Step One.
Now comes the hard part. To turn your Dream into Reality, you have to actually do those goals you’ve set for yourself. And more importantly, you have to risk failure. Until you start working toward those goals, you haven’t risked anything. You’re never going to fail, but you’re never going

########
Rank: 28
Score: 25.846727
Retrieved Text: (UPDATE 2/3/19 7:07 p.m.) -- Garfield County sheriffs say heavy rains may have caused the boulder to come loose and roll onto S.R. 12.
"A large boulder rolled down into one lane of SR 12 causing a slight delay in travel," the Garfield County Sheriff's Department said on Facebook. "It is believed that the heavy rains in the night caused the boulder to loosen and roll. The road is now open and the Garfield County Sheriff would like to express his thanks to Utah Department of Transportation, Utah Highway Patrol and the Garfield County Sheriff’s Office for their help."
(KUTV) -- A giant boulder has fallen on a road in Garfield County, according to a tweet by Garfield County Sheriff Danny Perkins.
The rock fell on S.R. 12 in Red Canyon.
"Myself and one of the Garfield County deputies responded to SR 12 in red Canyon to remove a rock that fell on the road.. WE MAY NEED SOME HELP."
No word on what caused the rock to fall, or how long it will take crews to remove the boulder.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 25.842407
Retrieved Text: My mother instilled in me the necessity of working hard in pursuit of my dreams, to be willing to toil in support of my family and allow my passions to guide my life. Within this message I believe she provided me with the secret of success.
I expect that every one when they set out on the journey into working life has the goal of achieving success in life. I know that many people who have set their sights on building an online business spend much of their time searching and researching for the magical answers to the secrets of success.
Yet so few seem to achieve success, and the question that I ask is What are the things they are not doing that makes them fail to achieve their desired targets?
In reality there are other questions that come to mind.
Why do some people achieve success in life and others fail?
Why do only 5% of people actually reach success in their life?
What do successful people do differently to enable their dreams to come true?
Are there secrets of success which if you follow will help you to achieve success?
When I look at my journey, with all its twists and turns, the wonderful up’s and the depressing down’s I can certainly see certain key characteristics that have enabled me to reach the point that I have and that have most definitely contributed to my success. I hope to motivate you and help get on the right track towards your dreams. I want to inspire you, by using myself as an

================



======= Instance Index 4837 =========
Input Text: Read the following conversation and answer the question.

F: My father often put Christmas presents in my stockings, but last night my mother did that.

M: Oh, I know your mother was really Father Christmas on Christmas Eve.

Question: When did her mother put Christmas presents in her stockings? 

- On Christmas Eve.

- Every night.

- On Christmas night.

Target Text: On Christmas Eve.

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 41.47955
Retrieved Text: I think the best thing about Christmas is the stocking. It is fun to find little things that a person would love but probably wouldn't but for themselves. I even wrap every one of my stocking presents to make the process longer. I am my mother.
If someone had to (cough, Ryan, cough) put a stocking together for me, here are some suggestions. You are welcome ahead of time.
Is this the cutest thing you have ever seen?
If these don't scream New Year's Eve, I don't know what does!
I love candles because they really mask the dog and boy smell of the house.
If you don't love a monogram, you have big problems!
Nail polish is a nice treat!
Everyone loves some cute stationary !
And this cute sign won't fit in my stocking, but it could go right next to it and would look great in my dining room!
There you have it! Anything you love to put in stockings??
Can you put tinted windows in my stocking?
Checking out what was in the stockings was always an afterthought around here. First there was the mad dash to see what Santa brought, then opening presents under the tree. The stockings were by the fireplace in another room, so everyone forgot about them until everything else was opened and played with for awhile. Then someone would jump up and yell "THE STOCKINGS!" with a sort of "ha, ha, it's not over yet!" glee. One year Katie wanted a hamster and was really disappointed when there wasn't one under the tree. When she dumped out her

########
Rank: 1
Score: 38.45995
Retrieved Text: With only two more weeks until the big day I have a grand total of one Christmas gift tucked away in my closet, and it’s for my uncle in Cleveland. That’s not to say that I have not purchased more gifts. My problem is that I give them away before Christmas arrives.
For instance this year I have already purchased a shirt and sweater set for my son which he wore to Thanksgiving dinner, a special pair of boots for my other son which he wore to school this week, gloves for my husband which I gave him the first day it snowed and jeans for our daughter who was down to her last pair.
Every year it’s the same. I see something one of the kids wants or needs, I buy it, and before long I’m dragging it out of the closet because they could really use it now. This trait of handing out presents before it is time seems to be a family tradition. When we were growing up we could always count on gifts beginning in early December and stretching right up to Christmas Eve. If there was a party coming up Mom would bring out the new Christmas skirt (You might as well wear it now), at the first good snow, mitten and hat sets would appear, while a program at school could mean stockings or a piece of jewelry to make it special. Mother must have spent all her time hurrying out to buy new presents to replace the ones she was handing

########
Rank: 2
Score: 37.359505
Retrieved Text: As the first weekend in January rolls around, we know it it time for one thing - Adam and Jim's Birthdays! Well, that is what it used to mean... now we also celebrate Brodd Christmas that weekend as well. To be honest, it works out OK as it splits up the Christmas time with the families, cuts down on travel, and maybe more importantly, allows for a couple more weeks for the ice the thicken up!
This year we wanted to try something new. Sylvia has been asking about getting a pair of ice skates "when she turns 5". She has been set on five as the magic age for skates. We figured she is close enough, so we stopped at Play It Again Sports and picked up a nice (cheap) pair of skates. While initially she wasn't so keen on the idea, when Dad and Grandpa finally let her do it ALONE, she was great! She won't be trying out for the hockey team anytime soon, but for her first real time on skates, she did a great job!
After skating, 4-wheeler rides on the lake, etc, we headed inside for presents. Like usual, there were way too many presents, but we somehow managed to all had a great time.
Kevin with some sort of horse creature?!?!?!?
While some were cranking, others were sliding down the railing!
When Violet was done sliding, she even got a turn on the crank, with the assistance of Grandpa, of course!
So that ends another year of Christmas celebrations. Looking forward to a couple quiet

########
Rank: 3
Score: 37.319103
Retrieved Text: Christmas must be the most exciting time of the year for every child however old they are! When my sister and I were little we were always desperate to get to bed and get to sleep so we could wake up to find if we had been good enough to have presents in our stockings which we’d laid at the foot of the bed. These were old grannie’s lisle stockings, very thick and very long for little arms to plunge into. My parents weren’t so keen for us to have an early night and usually we would go for a walk after tea, maybe down to the river, maybe across Jesus Green (a large open common) into Cambridge to walk round the closed shops and look in their brightly lit windows. I seem to remember that every Christmas Eve was dry enough for us to go for our little walk, but with damp pavements to reflect the golden lights spilling from the shops.
When my children were little it was the same, we would walk them around Uphill trying to find dry grass to give Santa’s reindeer. Although we lived in the north we always came here to my dad’s house for Christmas, along with my mother-in-law, my aunty and uncle and my sister.
After a meal, usually midnight soup, we would keep the children up as long as possible so that when they did go to bed, they would fall asleep quickly and give us time for last-minute preparations. Because I had resident baby-sitters, I was able

########
Rank: 4
Score: 36.98496
Retrieved Text: One Christmas was much like the other, in those years on Rainville Road—a storybookish name for a street in a blue collar town where I learned to fight wielding a Smurfette lunch box and to entertain myself by finding the bunnies on a Pilsner can. I cannot keep straight which was which when I was seven, eight, and nine. They were my favourite Christmases as a child, and I will treat them as one and the same, piecing them together from at least thirty-two years on.
It was the week before the holiday break and I was in Miss Curry’s class, preparing for the Christmas pageant. We were doing T’was the Night Before Christmas and I had wanted to play the Sugarplum Fairy, but being tall and uncoordinated did not land me the role. I had been relegated to the hateful chorus where I would blend in with all the other children.
While I stewed, I studied the stage plan that Miss Curry had drawn on the board. It gave me an idea that made me sit up straighter at my desk. The set included a Christmas tree that was to stand centre stage for the entire production. I was sure I had something from the Sears catalogue to wear that was green. At recess, I approached Miss Curry and asked if I could be the Christmas tree. To my delight, she agreed. Miss Curry seemed to have a soft spot for me, perhaps because earlier in the year some boys had put a rotten egg in my

########
Rank: 5
Score: 36.60141
Retrieved Text: This past Christmas Bob and I started a discussion on how to handle the topic of Santa Claus with the kids. I used to laugh at the pictures of babies crying sitting on mall Santa’s laps until I have my own kids. I am not comfortable with the thought of placing my kids on the lap of a stranger. Unlike parents who grew up in the states and are used to taking their kids to the mall to meet Santa, we did not engage in that activity. One friend suggested that we can ask the kids in the future if they want their picture taken with Santa in the mall. More than a Kodak moment with a man with fake beard on, we wonder how to talk about Santa when the babies start to understand these things. Both Bob and I did not grow up in the United States, which means we did not grow up with the wonder of getting gifts from Santa and later discovering the truth. Growing up poor, I had always known that Christmas meant having a good meal on Christmas day (the one and only fancy meal in the year) and nothing else. Bob was from a Hindu household that did not celebrate Christmas. As Christ followers, we want our kids to focus on the meaning behind Christmas, which is the birth of Jesus Christ, our Lord and Savior. We wonder if we should engage in this fantasy of Santa Claus as parents who did not have first hand childhood experience

########
Rank: 6
Score: 35.599335
Retrieved Text: My sister Mary told me what she wants from Santa is to spend time with her kids, so she asked them for creative ways to do stuff together.
The aisles in the market where I shop for basics like toilet paper are stacked with items from China geared to Christmas: dinnerware with snowflake motifs, wreaths woven from plastic boughs and green bulbs for your porch light.
In the candy aisle I spied a lifesaver packet I haven’t seen since I was little. It’s like an album: when you open it there are lifesaver candies on both sides.
We used to get lifesavers in our stockings; a treat since our mother forbade us from eating candy. But my sisters and I would sneak to the five-and-dime with our nickels and dimes to buy candy and gum, and then feel guilty about it.
One Christmas mother had little cash for presents and decided to sell home-made candles. I came home from school to find her in the kitchen with the electric beater, whipping up a waxen cloud that would form the base of a trio of candles. She placed little cones and greens between the candles for a merry effect.
As I was marveling at how clever she was, my mother announced that the three oldest girls would sell the creations door to door and we would have money for Christmas.
Next to having a kid pull down your pants in the school yard, this was the worst thing I could imagine. I wouldn’t dream of going to a neighbor’s house and asking her

########
Rank: 7
Score: 35.258385
Retrieved Text: Even more than opening presents, you and your sister love catching up on each other’s lives over the holidays. Share the magic and excitement with her by sending one of our talking Christmas eCards for a sister, like the charming Talking Snowman or Santa Claus. Simply type your Christmas wishes and one of our silly and sweet characters will speak it aloud to her.
Remember when you and your sister would go caroling around the neighborhood on Christmas Eve? Oh, somebody else did that while you and your sister drank hot cocoa by the fireplace? Well, either way, send your sister Christmas eCards like Spirit of Christmas eCard, that will remind her of all of those cozy nights with the whole family gathered together.
Whether you’re stuffing them in stockings, covering them in tinsel or dressing them up in ridiculous holiday sweaters, puppies and kittens will definitely brighten your sister’s Christmas morning. Spread the holiday cheer with one of our adorable and free Christmas eCards for your sister like Holiday Doggies and watch her melt like Frosty.
When snow falls and the cold winter winds blow, your sister might be looking to heat things up inside at Christmas time. Spice up her holiday with some of our naughty eCards for a sister on Christmas like Hot Santa, because even grown-ups deserve a present for Christmas. Just make sure she keeps her wish list a secret between her and Santa.
From the hilarious to the genuine, Christmas eCards for Sister are sure to delight your sister this year. Whether she’s going

########
Rank: 8
Score: 35.249397
Retrieved Text: Hosted By THE MOMMY ISLAND AND THE KIDS DID IT AND JOINED BY SEVERAL AMAZING BLOGGING SITES.
I wish I had a supply of gift cards for all the last minute items I need to make the Holidays amazing but in my household I really try to plan ahead. I find planning ahead allows me to come up with even better ideas for gift giving, stocking stuffers and even dinner ideas. You are going to love all of these amazing prizes that the following bloggers are putting up in this Giveaway Hop.
THIS GIVEAWAY IS LIVE AND WILL END ON 11/27 AT 11:59 P.M.
Disclosure- Tammie’s Review, Giveaways and More was not compensated for this post. No purchase is necessary to enter. One entrant per household, per IP address. All entries will be verified. Void where prohibited by law. Winner will be contacted by email; Please add pankuch1605@hotmail.com to your whitelist. This giveaway is in no way administered, sponsored, endorsed by, or associated with Facebook and/or Twitter, Google, Pinterest, or any other social media platform. Please contact Tammie at info@tpankuch.com to see your product promoted here in a giveaway.
Yes, I hang stockings and I fill them with small toys and chocolates.
Yes – we usually fill stocking with candy and other small gifts.
We do hang stockings and we like to put little toys in them.
Yes, I hang stockings. We usually put candy and lottery tickets in our stockings.
We hang stockings every year. It usually contains chocolate, candy and small gifts.
I haven’t been receiving your newsletters. I tried subscribing again but

########
Rank: 9
Score: 35.095627
Retrieved Text: I believe in Santa, despite what the kids in my classroom said when I was 11.
We would visit Granny’s house every Christmas Eve. We’d pack the car with packages and hit the road bound for Austin. I looked forward to this road trip for months because it meant presents and surprises from Santa, but more than that, it was Granny’s presence that made it truly special.
You see, I was Granny’s only grandchild. Being with her felt like being wrapped in a warm, cuddly blanket on a cold, dreary January day. To be embraced by Granny on Christmas filled my heart and made me whole. When I entered her house, I entered her bubble and the entire world turned upside down on its axis and suddenly all was well.
Granny’s little Christmas tree was dotted with red yarn bows and red twinkle lights. Her craft style stuffed candy cane filled her wall in lieu of a wreath. She played what I called ‘elevator music’ on the stereo, it was big band sound, but with a Christmas twist.
On Christmas Eve I would help Granny in the kitchen prepare the ham, the cherry salad, spiced peaches, and stuffed celery. Our time in the kitchen was always marked by the two of us hugging and dancing arm in arm like a couple would, swinging and twirling around until it was time to pay attention to something on the stove.
The day included making cookies to later leave for Santa. They usually didn’t include chocolate because it caused Granny to have migraines.
As day

########
Rank: 10
Score: 34.822563
Retrieved Text: "" Writer's Wanderings: Will The Christ Child Come?
One Christmas we had an interesting experience that I would like to share. Halfway through December we were doing the regular evening things when there was a knock at the door. We opened it to find a small package with a beautiful ceramic lamb inside. We looked at the calendar and realized that the 12 days of Christmas were beginning! We waited excitedly for the next night's surprise and only then, with the gift of a matching shepherd, did we realized that the lamb was part of a nativity set.
Each night we grew more excited to see what piece we would receive. Each was exquisitely beautiful. The kids kept trying to catch the givers as we slowing built the scene at the manager and began to focus on Christ's birth.
On Christmas Eve, all the pieces were in place, but the baby Jesus. My 12 year-old son really wanted to catch our benefactors and began to devise all kinds of ways to trap them. He ate his dinner in the mini-van watching and waiting, but no one came.
Finally we called him in to go through our family's Christmas Eve traditions. But before the kids went to bed we checked the front step -- No Baby Jesus! We began to worry that my son had scared them off.
My husband suggested that maybe they dropped the Jesus and there wouldn't be anything coming. Somehow something was missing that Christmas Eve. There was a feeling that things weren't complete. The kids went to

########
Rank: 11
Score: 34.67132
Retrieved Text: My parents came up to visit for Christmas. We made cookies, hung stockings, and stayed entertained by little Anna. Her Aunt Rachel and Uncle Jonathan spoiled her rotten with a couple of stuffed animals. She loves to eat their faces, we think she might be giving them kisses but also might really be into raw teddy bear meat, hard to tell.
Anna had fun on Christmas morning opening her gifts. In her eyes it was more like grabbing fun shiny paper to shove in the mouth before mom stole it from her hands and she had to go back for more. Anyway you look at it though, she was opening presents and finding something new to play with every minute all morning long.
Earlier in the week, Jacob told me he had coaxed some crawling out of Anna but I had yet to see it. But the tempting, and noisemaking, toys she recieved on Christmas were enough motivation to get her mobile for good. It is a tough army crawl with the arms accompanied by some very uncoordinated leg movements. We really can’t leave her alone for a second now, she is just everywhere!
My mother also noticed that once Anna had some stuffed faces to control she “talked” a lot more. I think she is always making noises, and dancing. I’m so grateful for our families who made Anna’s first Christmas so wonderful with toys, clothes, ornaments, and wrapping paper to eat. I hope you had a wonderful holiday as well.
Looks like your Christmas was a lot of

########
Rank: 12
Score: 34.620087
Retrieved Text: The Christmas season came and went in a flurry this year.
We started off meeting Santa Claus at Storytime with Santa night at the Campbell Community Center. Mason did incredibly well and wasn’t the least bit scared. It might have helped that Santa read a book to all the children before they got in line to climb upon his lap.
He told Santa that he wanted a dump truck and a motorcycle. Santa advised Mason that he might be a little young for a motorcycle but he would see what he could do.
Then we had a Holiday Program for Mason’s preschool. He and his preschool class of 2-3 year olds sang a couple of Christmas songs. He was doing great at the beginning but something scared him and he started to cry before they could finish. Uggh, just writing about it again makes my heart break.
But we moved on to more fun holiday activities. Like baking cookies for Santa on Christmas Eve.
And opening up our matching Christmas Eve jammies.
We put cookies and carrots out for Santa and his reindeer. The next morning they were all gone and Santa had left presents and filled the stockings. Mason was excited to dive in.
He figured out Christmas a lot more this year. Although it did take us a few hours to get through the presents, it seemed that every present he opened he wanted to play with. We both really enjoyed watching him get excited about each one.
And of course Ryan got her share of goodies too! Although she was still

########
Rank: 13
Score: 34.570477
Retrieved Text: Christmas Eve brought one of our favorite family traditions, fondue with the Scrivners. This year we hosted it at our house and it was so much fun and so good!! I told everyone it was our reward for hiking through so many feet of snow, after all we burned at least a billion calories.
After we said goodbye to our favorite friends we exchanged our pajamas.
It was so much fun to see what everyone picked out for each other, this will definitely be a new tradition, but we learned some of us require more money than others, we will do better next year. When we were finished shopping I knew Samantha didn't have enough because she told me she could only buy pants so I gave her more money to buy a shirt. I had Rob so I could pay for the extra, but poor Hunter just did his best with what he had. He had found so many cute things for Samantha but it didn't fit in his $20 budget, and since we were keeping it a secret he didn't say anything. We knew Samantha was disappointed, but she was so very sweet to her brother. Thank you Christmas spirit!!
I had Rob, Rob had Hannah, Hannah had Hunter, Hunter had Samantha, and Samantha had me.
Hannah was so excited about the pajamas she picked out for her brother. She told me immediately who she had because she just couldn't keep it in and had a very hard time not letting everyone else know who she had.
We watched

########
Rank: 14
Score: 34.514534
Retrieved Text: After New Year's my mom and my brother visited us for a slightly late Christmas. It was so nice seeing both of them and letting my brother see a white, snowy Christmas.
Of course one of the first things we did with my brother, who stayed at our house while my mom stayed with my sister, was build a snowman! First snowman built since we've bought the house. He got a celery nose because we had no carrots.
Spousal Unit after building it.
My brother Kyle! He's wearing my coat but it looked better on him anyway.
I thought it looked like a cheering sports fan.
This was right before my brother grabbed some snow and threw it at me, lol.
We were snowed in a lot, unfortunately, but we did get to hang out at my sister's and pet her kitty, Leia, who Mom and Kyle missed.
This Christmas I decided to make a small toy for my friend Aubree and her son, Ollie. I've never made one of these before, so meet my first reversible toy.
Christmas was on a Sunday this year, so we got up and got ready for church first thing. It was nice to be all pretty but it was still way too early to be up on Christmas Day, heh.
It snowed the day before, so we had a beautiful white Christmas.
After pictures, we all promptly got back into pajamas because duh and started opening our stockings and presents! El joined us this year.
My sister's stocking--she had to work so she got this later.
I did some baking, eheh...

########
Rank: 15
Score: 34.45188
Retrieved Text: It turns out it’s all about Christmas.
It’s called No Santa!, and there’s a picture of the jolly guy himself right there on the cover – chased by a menorah.
Why did I write this book? Why davka (specifically) about Christmas?
Because Christmas just is. Even for Jewish kids, if they’re growing up in North America (or any country other than Israel), it’s not possible to avoid it or sidestep it. And many kids, even if they are Jewish, grow up celebrating it in some way.
Of course, stockings don’t fill themselves. On December 24th, before bed, we’d put out cookies of some sort for Santa. I don’t remember if we left him milk with it. Probably.
It was cute. We were totally adorable. We have pictures of ourselves on Christmas morning, in jammies and bathrobes, surrounded by wrapping paper. Some years, there was a menorah in the background, too.
I’ve known many kids whose parents started getting more involved in Judaism later on. Making choices about schools, keeping Shabbos, eating kosher. As a parent, taking it on it when you already have kids is a huge challenge… but I wasn’t interested in writing a book for parents.
I wanted to write a book for kids, about a regular boy named Miles whose parents are going through these changes.
He’s 11: old enough to have some ideas about what’s going on, and getting close to the breaking point with all these big changes in his life – and with the loss of control as his parents make huge decisions without him. When his mom

########
Rank: 16
Score: 34.343372
Retrieved Text: In spite of the fun and laughter, young Frank Wilson was not happy.
It was true that he had received all the presents he wanted. And he enjoyed these traditional Christmas Eve reunions of relatives—this year at Aunt Susan’s—for the purpose of exchanging gifts and good wishes.
But Frank was not happy because this was to be his first Christmas without his brother, Steve, who during the year had been the tragic victim of a reckless driver. Frank missed his brother and the close companionship they had had together.
He said good-bye to his relatives and explained to his parents that he was leaving a little early to see a friend. Since it was cold outside, Frank put on his new plaid jacket. It was his favorite gift. The other presents he placed on his new sled.
Then Frank headed for the Flats, hoping to find the patrol leader of his Boy Scout troop. This was the section of town where most of the poor lived, and his patrol leader did odd jobs to help support his family. To Frank’s disappointment, his friend was not at home, but running errands.
As Frank hiked down the street, he caught glimpses of trees and decorations in many homes. Although not meaning to pry, suddenly he glimpsed a shabby room with the limp stockings hanging over an empty fireplace. A woman was seated near them weeping. The stockings reminded him of the way he and his brother had always hung theirs side by side. The next morning they would be full of presents. Then

########
Rank: 17
Score: 34.283417
Retrieved Text: Here are examples of custom Christmas stockings that I've knit without pictures on them. Sometimes less is more! There is so much ornamentation during the Christmas season that a very simple stocking is often more noticeable. These stockings can be smooth, or textured patterns can be worked into them. Overall geometric patterns or stripes are also very nice.
Please look to see what Customers Say about stockings I've knit without pictures.
This is a duplicate of an existing family stocking. Very simple, but very effective. A name could be added to the top if desired.
A mother sent me a photo and measurements of a stocking her grandmother had made her 30 years earlier. I duplicated the design for other members of her family. I love the non-traditional colors, which are especially beautiful in wool.
Another stocking in the same set. This is a very nice shade of gold.
More stockings in the same set. These are in classic Christmas colors.
Vertical names are a bit unusual on stockings, but they're especially nice on a plain stocking. Here, the contrast stripe just below the top ribbing really sets off the name and the pair of tiny bells.
This is the same design as the previous stocking, but with the colors reversed.
These three stockings are a traditional family design. They are knitted with very bulky yarn, so are thicker and heavier than most. However, they're also shorter than most. I haven't seen this design anywhere else.
The same vertical stripes, but quite a different look with the colors reversed.
The diagonal-stripe version of this family's stockings

########
Rank: 18
Score: 34.233932
Retrieved Text: After following Santa on NORAD all Christmas Eve, we woke up Christmas morning to find that he had arrived in Koyuk. How he got in, we do not know, as we don’t have a fireplace. Maybe he came in through the radiator?
Under the tree was a plethora of presents. Kyle and I both looked at it like giddy little children. Having Christmas in a new place made the whole holiday seem new and this feeling helped spark the childlike excitement.
First, we opened our stockings. I was pleased to find gold coins in both of our stockings, just like I always used to get as a kid. After opening stockings, it was time for the best part of the morning: breakfast! Here, we had many traditions to choose from. In Kyle’s family fruit salad and cinnamon rolls are the important parts of Christmas morning breakfast. In my family it is always pancakes or waffles topped with fruit and whipped cream. After staying up until 2am Christmas Eve making dough for cinnamon rolls, I woke up the next morning groggy and not in the mood to cook. Looking at the two trays of cinnamon rolls plus the gigantic bowl of fruit salad I decided that it was a little absurd to try and fit the pancakes into our bellies as well. But never fear, the pancakes and fruit shall make an appearance on New Years Day for breakfast.
Once we were happily stuffed, it was time to open presents. We were each thrilled with all of our presents, it

########
Rank: 19
Score: 33.94278
Retrieved Text: I grew up loving the Christmas season but not really understanding it. We weren't particularly religious folk; for us, the Christmas pageant was just an opportunity to visit with our friends and snitch as many cookies from the cookie plate as possible. Baby Jesus was just some kid who didn't know who his daddy was...like some of my cousins.
For the entire month of December, no matter what our family faults may be, I was always proud to be a part of this family. Because we always had the best decorated house in town. Inside and out.
Thankfully my mom just didn't decorate. She baked. Not only did we have the prettiest tree, but an ample amount of freshly baked goodies to consume while we lay in the dark and watch the twinkle of our tannenbaum.
Once I grew up and had kids of my own, it was a mad rush to replicate the memories of my Christmas yore. Boo didn't understand my desire to deck the halls; in his household they had a pathetic little Charlie Brown tree with six ornaments on it and one string of lights, most of which were burnt out. They didn't even have stockings. Unfreakingbelievable!
Whatever. My house rocked. His didn't.
Eventually, I caught up with my mom. My house is a magical place at Christmas time. I tossed the tinsel in favor of garland, traded in the Santas for some beautiful nativity scenes, but I know how to deck these halls. And my kids love it. And the best part of all was watching

########
Rank: 20
Score: 33.889908
Retrieved Text: What had happened before this particular Christmas.
It had been close to a month since we had seen Megan. Tammy (not me) gets a text message from Christy stating that Megan will be at Jeree's, my sister-in-law's house for Christmas. We are excited. What we didn't know was Christy had instructed Megan to not leave with us. We are excited because we are actually getting to see Megan for Christmas. Little did we know that we wouldn't be opening presents with her until March.
The voice mails are on Christmas Day in the evening. Christy is at work and insisting that we drop Megan off at her work.
We received numerous calls and texts from Christy while she was supposed to be working. Later, her supervisor addressed her using her time at work to harass me.
At the bottom of the page is my nieces Facebook messages to Megan. She asks Megan if she got in trouble for leaving with her dad on Christmas when her mother told her not to.
In the first VM her mother wants to see if Megan is OK. Why wouldn't she be? Its Christmas and she is with her father, Tammy, Tammy's mother and brother who are visiting for the holidays and her 3 sisters.
How did she know we were taking her across state-line? Christy was well aware that we were taking Megan long with the family to Las Vegas to see a show and drop off her uncle Tom at the airport.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 33.693356
Retrieved Text: CHRISTMAS is drawing near and children across the borough are eagerly awaiting a visit from Santa.
Observer reporter Jenny King dropped into Benjamin Hargreaves Primary School in Accrington to see what some of the pupils are hoping to find in their Christmas stockings this year and what they look forward to most about the festive season.
Georgia Lawson, eight, and six-year-old Mason Wallace are both dreaming of a white Christmas so they can build a snowman and play out in the snow.
Soccer fan Poppy Jones, seven, is hoping Father Christmas will bring her a Blackburn Rovers kit so she can support her favourite team. Her favourite part of Christmas is giving and receiving presents and she enjoys making Christmas cards at school.
Five-year-old Jake Gregg&apos;s parents can look forward to an easy Christmas, as he loves helping to put up the decorations. However, it may not be the quietest Christmas for his family if he gets the present he&apos;s hoping for … a drum set.
Another little helper is Victoria Maden, six, who enjoys decorating the Christmas tree.
A Teddy and a Barbie doll are on five-year-old Ella Aymen&apos;s Christmas list, but she has another reason for wanting to open her presents. "I like getting lots of shiny, different-coloured wrapping paper," she says.
For many of the children, Christmas dinner is a tradition they eagerly look forward to each year.
"My favourite part of Christmas is helping my mum make the Christmas dinner," says nine-year-old Charlotte Whittaker.
Lance Muir, eight, who is hoping to get a walkie-talkie headset to talk and play on with

########
Rank: 22
Score: 33.469948
Retrieved Text: I’m going to tell you about my first time putting a Christmas tree up with mom and dad. I really don’t know what to expect but I’m dressed for the occasion and really, does anything else matters?
It started off with dad asking for my help to untangle the xmas lights but I had no idea where it started and where it ended. I some how got all in the middle of them and dad had to hang me by my paws and let the lights fall off of me. I know you are laughing but have you tried to untangle lights before? Anyway to continue with my story.
I’m going to fast forward to when the tree is up and the lights are on the tree and I got to help put ornaments on the tree because you don’t want to see all the mess I got into. I would rather get to the good parts when I put birds and balls and hung them on the tree.. Mom was playing Christmas music and we danced and sang while we were decorating. I purr to all the songs too.
I even played with the decorations while mom and dad were dancing with each other. Shsss… don’t tell them I did that because I’m not suppose to play with the tree.
Oh my gosh,,, What is this? Rudolph? Oh, it’s just me playing under the tree.. ha ha,,, “Remember you can’t climb into the trees.” mom said. Only put presents under them to give to your family. I even have

########
Rank: 23
Score: 33.444542
Retrieved Text: Parker and I were so excited to celebrate our second Christmas as a married couple! We both love buying gifts for each other and got a little carried away, but we scored some great deals and couldn't resist. Since we spend Christmas in Texas with our families, we make sure we celebrate Christmas with our little family of three beforehand. We opened presents December 19th before we headed to Texas the next day.
Here is a picture of our little tree with all of our gifts for our families and each other!
We got each other little stocking stuffers and loved getting things to put in Jenny's stocking.
We opened our stockings and let Jenny check out her little goodies. She didn't really know what to do with multiple toys/bones at one time, so she was really funny to watch.
You know you are officially an adult when you get this excited about a vacuum cleaner. Parker bought it at the NEX and ended up getting $200 off in addition to tax-free, so it was a steal. Couldn't be more excited! He gave me a few other sweet gifts as well and definitely did way more than he should have!
My gift to Parker was a surprise for him. In October, Parker's mom, Leigh was in Orange Beach, so we drove down to see her and ended up going to Shrimpfest. There were a lot of little galleries and art booths, and there was one who specialized in canvas paintings of dogs that we thought was really neat. Parker commented on

########
Rank: 24
Score: 33.405334
Retrieved Text: Today I want to show you how to make a really beautiful stocking holder made from a few items that I picked up from my local home improvement store.
This year my mother in law and her kitty cat moved in with us. My husband and I want to make this year super special for her. We haven’t done stockings in a few years, so we decided that this year we would bring it back.
When I found out that Personal Creations wanted to send our family some personalized stockings, I knew that I was going to need something to hang them on. I don’t have a mantle, but found a cute design idea online, so I set my daughter up with the tools and materials she needed to make it come to life.
Then, you need to decide on the colors you want. We chose red because red is Christmas to me.
Then to make it even more vintage Christmas looking, after the red paint dried, my daughter added a little Old English to it.
Once she did that, the red color deepened and the look was transforming.
Once you let the paint dry, then all you need to do is add your hooks. Be sure to equally space them out before installing them so that everything looks uniform.
This way you do not have extra holes in your wood that you would later have to cover up 🙂 Trust me on this! That is why I let the daughter do all of this.
Then on the back, add your hooks to hang

########
Rank: 25
Score: 32.95561
Retrieved Text: Do not let this sweet face fool you. She is neither sweet nor nice. She is a species of child known as the toddler. Known for tyrannical and tantrum throwing behavior. She is not to be trusted.
Our Christmas morning started out as any other. My angelic-faced daughter saw the illuminated tree and was ready for action. She tore through her gifts and was delighted that Santa brought everything she asked for, right down to the Tyrannosaurus Rex toothbrush.
And then it happened. In zero to 60 gone was the sweet dimples and my child and in came the tyrant. It started out innocently enough. She was gifted a beautiful pink jeep to ride. She squealed with delight as the "engine" roared to life in our living room. She was ready to roll. As I explained that we needed to ride the jeep outside I could see the glow go out of her eyes and the demonic glimmer appear.
She knew what was next and it was not what she wanted to hear. I asked her to.... put on her jacket.
Mind you, we live in Texas. And for the most part are blessed with balmy Christmas weather. But not today. A fierce wind was blowing and it was about 40 degrees. I know, I know. I should have just let her go out and the thing. But she was in satin PJs, no shoes and we are battling cold and flu season something fierce.
The tantrum began. She whined. She cried. And then she melted into a puddle on the

########
Rank: 26
Score: 32.948914
Retrieved Text: Ever since we became a family, we've had basically the same traditions for our Christmas holiday. Besides a couple of Christmases when Mason was just tiny, we've lived very close to our families most of our lives. And those years when we didn't, we were a small enough family that it wasn't all that difficult to pack up and go home for the holidays.
This year, we weren't quite sure what we were going to do for Christmas. This was our first holiday season in our new home. We've been thinking about starting some new traditions, now that our family has grown and our kids are getting older. The thought of packing all 6 of us up, including all our presents, stockings etc, and driving to another state for Christmas, was not all that appealing. And yet, to our children, Idaho still felt like home. It was important to them that we be there for Christmas. So, in spite of the work involved, we decided to go ahead and make the journey. Next year, when the kids aren't missing their Idaho friends and family quite as much, we might stay here in our own home and enjoy the holiday.
A few days before Christmas- we packed up EVERYTHING you can imagine. We played vehicle Tetris and were able to fit all our crap everything in the car. I was thanking the heavens that we bought the Escalade before this trip, since it has so much more cargo room than our Expedition did. There is no way we could

########
Rank: 27
Score: 32.944298
Retrieved Text: I have said on many occasions I am so ready for Christmas. A few weeks ago I was ready to start decorating. I know it was around Halloween when I got the fever. I didn't start decorating but I did start collecting decorations.
Our big family Christmas will be held at my house this year, so I want it to be as festive as possible. A few weeks a go I met with Kim from Happy Everything to begin my Christmas design. She will be making a mantle piece for my fire place and the center piece for my table and more. After meeting with her I couldn't wait to start decorating.
I already have a tree and I have picked up some other decorations but this weekend i got one of the most important pieces of the decor, the stockings.
I am so excited about my stockings! My mom acted like now since the stockings would be hung at my house that I was responsible for them. I politely reminded her, no Santa was still in charge of filling those stalkings!

########
Rank: 28
Score: 32.832783
Retrieved Text: 2018 was Astrid’s 3rd Christmas, but the first one where she really got into the swing of things. She spent most of November saddened that Halloween was over and missing the giant inflatable Frankenstein at the community centre, but once the Christmas decorations went up she was super excited about Frosty the Snowman, singing carols (like Jingle Bells), and Christmas trees.
We tried to get some good Christmas photos this year by doing a professional photo shoot, but it was a bit of a disaster as Astrid was in a foul mood. We still got a few decent shots out of it, so it wasn’t a complete waste.
Astrid had a Christmas party at daycare, featuring a visit from Santa Claus. She was really excited about it, until it was her turn to sit on Santa’s lap. Then it was all tears and acrobatics to try and escape. She wouldn’t even open the present Santa gave her, long after we had left the room. She’s not wrong though – there is something creepy about sitting on a funny looking stranger’s lap.
We’ve decided that as Astrid grows up we’re not going to pretend that Santa is real and that he only gives gifts to well behaved kids. The lying and blackmailing just doesn’t seem worth it. She’ll still get presents and a stocking on Christmas morning, but the presents will be from her family. This year, it wasn’t an issue as she never asked where the presents came from, she was only concerned that they were for her.
On Christmas

########
Rank: 29
Score: 32.71693
Retrieved Text: I loved my childhood. In all honesty it was brilliant. I grew up with a single mother who did an awesome job of making money go a long way. I don’t feel I missed out on much, if anything. I am now 18 years old and have lived in 14 different houses, including my current one. But I don’t mind it, all the moving. I don’t know how much affect it has had on my journey through existence, but time will tell I guess. I might always be a nomad of some kind. But anyway, I want to talk about the awesomeness of my childhood, some of which I have become even more acutely aware recently.
As a kid my favourite shows were Arthur, Babar, Franklin the Turtle, Sesame Street, Bananas in Pyjamas, Playschool and Pingu. I’m talking the 1997-2002 type time frame here. Been watching a bit more ABC Kids lately than is probably normal for an 18 year old, but it is soooo much better than regular day time TV! Anyway, recently seen a few episodes of Babar and Arthur and still find them as entertaining as ever. Playschool seems to have gone on a slide, I miss George, Angela, John, hell even Monica was pretty cool. And of course there was Noni!
Pingu was awesome, but I think the creators were high, or maybe it’s just a foreign language, haha!
Christmas is easily, by far my most favourite time of the year, even to this day. We have some rather set traditions at my house in

================



======= Instance Index 4141 =========
Input Text: Read the following conversation and answer the question.

Passenger: Hey Taxi! Ah great. Thanks for pulling over.

Driver: Where to?

Passenger: Well, I'm going to the National Museum of Art, and ....

Driver: Sure. Hop in. No problem. Hang on!

Passenger: Uh. Excuse me. How long does it take to get there?

Driver: Well, that all depends on the traffic, but it shouldn't take more than twenty minutes for the average driver. [Oh]. And I'm not average. I have driving down to an art, so we should be able to cruise through traffic and get there in less than fifteen minutes.

Passenger: Okay. Uh, sorry for asking [Yeah?], but do you have any idea how much the fare will be?

Driver: Oh, it shouldn't be more than 18 dollars ... not including a ... uh-hum ... a tip of course.

Passenger: Oh, and by the way, do you know what time the museum closes?

Driver: Well, I would guess around 6:00 O'clock.

Passenger: Uh, do you have the time?

Driver: Yeah. It's half past four. [Thanks] Uh, this IS your first time to the city, right?

Passenger: Yeah. How did you know?

Driver: Well, you can tell tourists from a mile away in this city because they walk down the street looking straight up at the skyscrapers.

Passenger: Was it that obvious?

Driver: Well ...

Passenger: Oh, before I forget, can you recommend any good restaurants downtown that offer meals at a reasonable price?

Driver: Umm ... Well, the Mexican restaurant, La Fajita, is fantastic. [Oh] It's not as inexpensive as other places I know, but the decor is very authentic, [Okay] and the portions are larger than most places I've been to.

Passenger: Sounds great! How do I get there from the museum?

Driver: Well, you can catch the subway right outside the museum. There are buses that run that way, but you would have to transfer a couple of times. And there are taxis too, but they don't run by the museum that often.

Passenger: Okay. Thanks.

Question: How much will the fare be for the taxi ride, not including a tip? 

- between five and ten dollars

- between ten and fifteen dollars

- between fifteen and twenty dollars

Target Text: between fifteen and twenty dollars

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 41.315006
Retrieved Text: What's cheaper in your city: Cabs or ride shares?
Taxis come down Second Avenue in New York.
The cost of taking a cab home from a bar late at night depends a lot on where you live.
With the new ride-hailing options available today, the answer is seldom a taxi. Looking at the city-by-city fare formulas published by Uber, Lyft and Sidecar, Uber is the best option in 16 out of 20 major cities, according to an analysis by GOBankingRates.
"People assume that Lyft or Sidecar are cheaper because they're newer," said Casey Bond, editor in chief of GOBankingRates. "In some cases they are, but Uber comes out on top in a lot of cities."
The Big Crunch also took a look at traditional taxi prices in each city—if tip is included, taxis in these cities tend to be more expensive than ride-hailing options, except on nights when each service is boosting costs with fare multipliers or surge pricing. During those periods, the cost of some ride-hailing services can jump by eight times, and the high but controlled cost of a traditional taxi can become the best deal.
"It really varies based on the city they're serving," said Bond. "New York is ridiculously more expensive than Los Angeles, even though they're both very large cities."
Uber and Lyft use identical fare formulas in New York, so they tie as the cheapest option for a 20-minute, 10-mile ride. In New York, that would cost you $32.50, about 56 percent more than the same trip in the second most expensive city, Seattle. That's more than

########
Rank: 1
Score: 39.344856
Retrieved Text: It has become fashionable these days to advertise ridiculously low rate per Km for taxi rides to lure customers. However, these fares are like a tip of the iceberg – they hide more than what they reveal. I had a very interesting conversation with my friend’s daughter who is just 8 years old. She is learning tables and was incidentally focused on table of 6. She told me that her father, i.e. my friend does not know table of 6. I was a bit intrigued and asked her why does she feel the same? She said “we went from our home to her grandmother place that is only 10 kms and if the taxi fare is Rs. 6 per km then it should be only Rs. 60 but her dad paid Rs. 215. She said every time we take taxi, my dad says we will go in a taxi that cost Rs. 6 per km but pays much more. So my dad does not know table of 6.” This is the story of today’s taxi industry, many players claim to be Rs. 6 per km but charge upto Rs. 25 per km. The customer and media and regulators are only talking about surge pricing while the reality is there is much more hidden in the taxi fares. I was wondering when the MBA institutes will start offering a full time course to understand taxi pricing☺. Without waiting for that to happen, let me take a try at it.
It is prudent to take into account some of

########
Rank: 2
Score: 39.148006
Retrieved Text: Taxis are all air-conditioned and bring you from spot A to spot B. They are equipped with a meter, starting with a flag down of 40 pesos. Rate per 300 meters is 3.50 pesos, and another 3.50 pesos for every two minutes of waiting time at traffic lights and so on.
Taxis from the airport start at 70 pesos, and their rates per meter and minute are higher as well. You can also get taxis with fixed prices at the airport. However, these are always considerably more expensive than any metered cabs. If you would like to get a metered taxi, it is best to go up the departure area upon arrival to get to the metered taxi lane. However, one must note that even if you are at a metered taxi lane, some drivers will still be asking for a tip.
Some taxi drivers tend to 'forget' switching on the meters. Just have a look after you enter the taxi and if the driver does not switch it on after 20-30 seconds remind him gently. Saying 'metro po' would be a polite way of doing so.
Depending on the season, the cab company and the driver, you will sometimes be asked to 'add some money' or agree on a 'fixed price'. The usual arguments are 'too much traffic', 'not enough traffic', 'too far', or equally reasonable excuses. It is up to you how to respond to this, but especially during rush hour, it might be easiest to just 'add some money on top' - which basically means giving

########
Rank: 3
Score: 38.93909
Retrieved Text: If you’re visiting Korea or living in here, you are probably afraid of being ripped off by a taxi driver. Naver Maps, though, can help you calculate the actual fare and let you know if you’re being taken for a ride in more ways than one.
Although Naver maps is a commonly used tool by Koreans and foreigners alike, there’s one thing few people ever notice: Naver will tell you the approximate time and fare of your taxi ride. Of course these are not exact, and these do not account for real-time traffic conditions, but this should give you a general idea of how much your Korean taxi ride should cost.
Step 3: Make sure the car icon is selected.
Step 4: Enter your starting point and destination (must be entered in Korean).
Step 5: Click “길찾기 시작” (start search).
You will then have the approximate fare and can use this to show your taxi driver if you think you’re being driven around in circles.
This one is for taxi…how about fare for subway?? how can I estimate or calculate the subway fare from one place to another?? any suggestion??
Nurul, the best place to calculate how much the subway fare is, if you have a smartphone…get the Metroid app. It’s really handy! It shows you a map of the subway system and allows you to type departure and destination stations and even tells you ETA and price. Hope this helps!
As a family of 2 adults and 3 children would it be cheaper to catch a taxi than the subway?
How can this be

########
Rank: 4
Score: 37.22676
Retrieved Text: In about 12 days (on Wednesday 30th) I'll be travelling to New York City and I'll arrive at JFK around 4pm. I will stay in an AirBnB that's located in the Bronx (Neill Avenue), and I'd like to be there by 10pm if possible (but I'd much rather be there by 8pm), as to not inconvenient the hosts. I have no idea how much time I'll lose among possible delays, getting luggage and customs, hence why I'd like a fast solution.
I'll carry a small backpack, my carry-on baggage (i.e. a small suitcase) and a normal suitcase.
What are my options to reach it from JFK?
Public transportation: using Google Maps for public transport tells me it takes about 2 hours with something like 4 changes in between, which means a big chance of losing at least one and hence an even longer trip.
Taxi: Obviously the faster way is probably a taxi, but I have no idea how much it would cost... Probably way more than 100$, which is too much than what I'd like to pay.
Uber/Lyft/similar: no idea how much these cost, since I've never used them before. I feel like it would be a little bit cheaper than a taxi, but I guess for something like a 45/60 minute trip (I guess?) it will still be around 80/100$.
Is there any other option or trick that would save me time and/or money?
I don't know, maybe there are buses that connect JFK to LaGuardia and I may take one of those and then just some other public transport to

########
Rank: 5
Score: 36.708824
Retrieved Text: How much does a taxi cab cost in Namibia?
This is an estimated fare in Namibia. The actual fare might differ due to time of the day, tolls, works (available routes), different car companies in Namibia, error in collecting prices and other human or software error.
How much does a taxi cab cost in Namibia ?
The price of races of Namibia taxis is regulated according to the schedule, the kilometers traveled and the time spent.
All Estimated Taxi prices of Namibia does not constitute any price commitment on the part our website Taxi Allo .
The price of a taxi ride in Namibia will always be determined by the price displayed on the horokilometric meter installed in the taxi vehicle that transports you in Namibia .
This estimate does not take into account traffic conditions in Namibia and unforeseen road conditions, the actual route chosen by the taxi driver, and the approach costs related to the booking in Namibia.
Taxi Allo Calculator is not taxi fake Namibia calculator , it give you approximate taxi fare in Namibia .

########
Rank: 6
Score: 36.702007
Retrieved Text: How much does a taxi cab cost in Togo?
This is an estimated fare in Togo. The actual fare might differ due to time of the day, tolls, works (available routes), different car companies in Togo, error in collecting prices and other human or software error.
How much does a taxi cab cost in Togo ?
The price of races of Togo taxis is regulated according to the schedule, the kilometers traveled and the time spent.
All Estimated Taxi prices of Togo does not constitute any price commitment on the part our website Taxi Allo .
The price of a taxi ride in Togo will always be determined by the price displayed on the horokilometric meter installed in the taxi vehicle that transports you in Togo .
This estimate does not take into account traffic conditions in Togo and unforeseen road conditions, the actual route chosen by the taxi driver, and the approach costs related to the booking in Togo.
Taxi Allo Calculator is not taxi fake Togo calculator , it give you approximate taxi fare in Togo .

########
Rank: 7
Score: 36.6311
Retrieved Text: How much does a taxi cab cost in Romania?
This is an estimated fare in Romania. The actual fare might differ due to time of the day, tolls, works (available routes), different car companies in Romania, error in collecting prices and other human or software error.
How much does a taxi cab cost in Romania ?
The price of races of Romania taxis is regulated according to the schedule, the kilometers traveled and the time spent.
All Estimated Taxi prices of Romania does not constitute any price commitment on the part our website Taxi Allo .
The price of a taxi ride in Romania will always be determined by the price displayed on the horokilometric meter installed in the taxi vehicle that transports you in Romania .
This estimate does not take into account traffic conditions in Romania and unforeseen road conditions, the actual route chosen by the taxi driver, and the approach costs related to the booking in Romania.
Taxi Allo Calculator is not taxi fake Romania calculator , it give you approximate taxi fare in Romania .

########
Rank: 8
Score: 36.6114
Retrieved Text: How much does a taxi cab cost in Armenia?
This is an estimated fare in Armenia. The actual fare might differ due to time of the day, tolls, works (available routes), different car companies in Armenia, error in collecting prices and other human or software error.
How much does a taxi cab cost in Armenia ?
The price of races of Armenia taxis is regulated according to the schedule, the kilometers traveled and the time spent.
All Estimated Taxi prices of Armenia does not constitute any price commitment on the part our website Taxi Allo .
The price of a taxi ride in Armenia will always be determined by the price displayed on the horokilometric meter installed in the taxi vehicle that transports you in Armenia .
This estimate does not take into account traffic conditions in Armenia and unforeseen road conditions, the actual route chosen by the taxi driver, and the approach costs related to the booking in Armenia.
Taxi Allo Calculator is not taxi fake Armenia calculator , it give you approximate taxi fare in Armenia .

########
Rank: 9
Score: 36.553055
Retrieved Text: How much does a taxi cab cost in Jordan?
This is an estimated fare in Jordan. The actual fare might differ due to time of the day, tolls, works (available routes), different car companies in Jordan, error in collecting prices and other human or software error.
How much does a taxi cab cost in Jordan ?
The price of races of Jordan taxis is regulated according to the schedule, the kilometers traveled and the time spent.
All Estimated Taxi prices of Jordan does not constitute any price commitment on the part our website Taxi Allo .
The price of a taxi ride in Jordan will always be determined by the price displayed on the horokilometric meter installed in the taxi vehicle that transports you in Jordan .
This estimate does not take into account traffic conditions in Jordan and unforeseen road conditions, the actual route chosen by the taxi driver, and the approach costs related to the booking in Jordan.
Taxi Allo Calculator is not taxi fake Jordan calculator , it give you approximate taxi fare in Jordan .

########
Rank: 10
Score: 36.27021
Retrieved Text: How much does a taxi cab cost in Dominican Republic?
This is an estimated fare in Dominican Republic. The actual fare might differ due to time of the day, tolls, works (available routes), different car companies in Dominican Republic, error in collecting prices and other human or software error.
How much does a taxi cab cost in Dominican Republic ?
The price of races of Dominican Republic taxis is regulated according to the schedule, the kilometers traveled and the time spent.
All Estimated Taxi prices of Dominican Republic does not constitute any price commitment on the part our website Taxi Allo .
The price of a taxi ride in Dominican Republic will always be determined by the price displayed on the horokilometric meter installed in the taxi vehicle that transports you in Dominican Republic .
This estimate does not take into account traffic conditions in Dominican Republic and unforeseen road conditions, the actual route chosen by the taxi driver, and the approach costs related to the booking in Dominican Republic.
Taxi Allo Calculator is not taxi fake Dominican Republic calculator , it give you approximate taxi fare in Dominican Republic .

########
Rank: 11
Score: 35.997105
Retrieved Text: How much does Uber charge passengers for a share. $8 share on. 00 base + $4 . 90 per mile + $1 metromile and uber have developed a seamless personal/commercial per-mile car insurance plan for uber drivers that uses a. 25 idle minute = Uber fare with its pay-per-mile. How much do you get paid for each ride as an Uber driver? How much do Uber drivers make and How much do Uber drivers make in 2017?? . Then uber takes 20% off that $1 per mile (a low-cost ride which seats up to six passengers) 3. Uber says the driver earned $36 per minute: $0. 90 per 15 per mile: $0. How Much Does Uber Rides Cost? 9 cancellation fee: $5. payment of Uber Ride is handled exclusively via Uber and not personally with the driver how to become an uber driver in orange county: $800 for a 20-mile ride? 7 most outrageous uber rip. a base price and up to $5 per mile he and his friend negotiated with the driver for a ride that would cost between. First, the IRS uses $0 which charge more per mile. 57 per mile for the cost of operating a car drive with uber. Note that the average tax cab driver charges $1 ready to become an uber driver. 75-$2 cost per minute – how. 50/mile cost per mile – how much you’re charged for each mile of the ride; uberx, the. Uber and Lyft charge $0 uber driver training guide;. 75 do you know how much

########
Rank: 12
Score: 35.988693
Retrieved Text: And most people do tip their Tempe, AZ taxi driver. If you add a tip of 20% to the Tempe, AZ cab fares, Uber looks like an even better deal and beats out other Tempe, AZ taxis’ prices.
Find 3 listings related to Cab Fares in Tempe on YP.com. See reviews, photos, directions, phone numbers and more for Cab Fares locations in Tempe, AZ.
How much does a taxi cost in Mesa, AZ? Estimate your taxicab fare & rates. Taxi fare, phone numbers, local rates, & suggested trip routes. iphone app too!
Welcome to the Tempe Taxi Fare Finder. This page will calculate your cab fare using Phoenix, AZ taxi rates. To begin, enter your travel information in the fields below the map. All results are estimates and may vary depending on external factors such as traffic and weather.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 35.826893
Retrieved Text: Welcome to the Mondo Ride Standard - Nairobi Taxi Fare Finder. This page will calculate your cab fare using Mondo Ride Standard - Nairobi taxi rates. To begin, enter your travel information in the fields below the map.
How much is Mondo Ride in Nairobi?

########
Rank: 14
Score: 35.326473
Retrieved Text: RidesharingServices.com: Uber client, "How can I tip you?"
Uber client, "How can I tip you?"
Another Uber client requested to tip their Uber driver. This client asked whether this tip can be applied to their fare cost on the Uber app. However, the Uber driver informed this client that no tipping feature is available on the ride app.
Uber is the top ride platform in the world. No other ride app company can compete against mega Uber. Nevertheless, Lyft and Sidecar riders are permitted to tip their drivers via the ride apps. But for the most part, UberX/UberPool drivers can only receive cash tips. There is no no in-app tipping feature to reward Uber drivers. It is very rare that Uber clients offer their drivers cash tips.
How much money are Uber drivers losing out on without this tipping feature? We're sure airport riders and tourists would definitely give Uber drivers good tips. Lyft drivers brag and gloat whenever clients tip them. These Pink mustache drivers don't work nearly as hard as Uber drivers.
Perhaps, Uber may release an in-app tipping feature via their ride app. Until then, Uber drivers must keep delivering the best service possible to maintain their clientele. Despire, taxi drivers maintain the same business and give half the service as ridesharing drivers to make 20% or greater in cash and credit card tips.
Speaking on behalf of ridesharing drivers, mostly Uber drivers, they appreciate riders requesting them to take trips. Whenever tips are given out, these drivers appreciate this kind gesture.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 34.831596
Retrieved Text: How much does a taxi cab cost in Rwanda?
How much does a taxi cab cost in Rwanda ?
The price of races of Rwanda taxis is regulated according to the schedule, the kilometers traveled and the time spent.
All Estimated Taxi prices of Rwanda does not constitute any price commitment on the part our website Taxi Allo .
The price of a taxi ride in Rwanda will always be determined by the price displayed on the horokilometric meter installed in the taxi vehicle that transports you in Rwanda .
This estimate does not take into account traffic conditions in Rwanda and unforeseen road conditions, the actual route chosen by the taxi driver, and the approach costs related to the booking in Rwanda.
Taxi Allo Calculator is not taxi fake Rwanda calculator , it give you approximate taxi fare in Rwanda .

########
Rank: 16
Score: 34.826603
Retrieved Text: How much does a taxi cab cost in Honduras?
How much does a taxi cab cost in Honduras ?
The price of races of Honduras taxis is regulated according to the schedule, the kilometers traveled and the time spent.
All Estimated Taxi prices of Honduras does not constitute any price commitment on the part our website Taxi Allo .
The price of a taxi ride in Honduras will always be determined by the price displayed on the horokilometric meter installed in the taxi vehicle that transports you in Honduras .
This estimate does not take into account traffic conditions in Honduras and unforeseen road conditions, the actual route chosen by the taxi driver, and the approach costs related to the booking in Honduras.
Taxi Allo Calculator is not taxi fake Honduras calculator , it give you approximate taxi fare in Honduras .

########
Rank: 17
Score: 34.78172
Retrieved Text: How much does a taxi cab cost in Malta?
How much does a taxi cab cost in Malta ?
The price of races of Malta taxis is regulated according to the schedule, the kilometers traveled and the time spent.
All Estimated Taxi prices of Malta does not constitute any price commitment on the part our website Taxi Allo .
The price of a taxi ride in Malta will always be determined by the price displayed on the horokilometric meter installed in the taxi vehicle that transports you in Malta .
This estimate does not take into account traffic conditions in Malta and unforeseen road conditions, the actual route chosen by the taxi driver, and the approach costs related to the booking in Malta.
Taxi Allo Calculator is not taxi fake Malta calculator , it give you approximate taxi fare in Malta .

########
Rank: 18
Score: 34.705044
Retrieved Text: How much does a taxi cab cost in Bahamas?
How much does a taxi cab cost in Bahamas ?
The price of races of Bahamas taxis is regulated according to the schedule, the kilometers traveled and the time spent.
All Estimated Taxi prices of Bahamas does not constitute any price commitment on the part our website Taxi Allo .
The price of a taxi ride in Bahamas will always be determined by the price displayed on the horokilometric meter installed in the taxi vehicle that transports you in Bahamas .
This estimate does not take into account traffic conditions in Bahamas and unforeseen road conditions, the actual route chosen by the taxi driver, and the approach costs related to the booking in Bahamas.
Taxi Allo Calculator is not taxi fake Bahamas calculator , it give you approximate taxi fare in Bahamas .

########
Rank: 19
Score: 34.56982
Retrieved Text: Don't accept a ride from a driver who approaches you in the airport.
When you arrive in Paris, you may be approached by guys in the airport asking if you need a taxi; these guys aren't licensed taxi drivers and you should NOT go with them. They may even tell you there's a taxi strike so you think you have no choice; this is almost always a lie (more on this scam here). Simply looks for the signs for taxis and follow them. When you get to the legit taxi area, you'll wait in line and an airport employee will assign you a taxi.
Your driver may not speak English at all, so it's a good idea to have your hotel address printed out and ready to show him or her.
If it turns out there really is a taxi strike, or if you want to save some money, the RER (regional train) is another way to get into Paris from the airport.
Finally! After many years of me being mad about this, proper licensed taxis in Paris now accept credit cards.
There's no flat fee from CDG airport to Paris; your driver will turn on the meter and you'll pay based on how long your trip is. I usually stay in Montmartre, in the north of Paris, and as of this writing (2015), a taxi ride from CDG airport (which is to the north-east of Paris) costs from 50-60 euros depending on traffic. A ride from CDG to the center or south or west of Paris would take longer and

########
Rank: 20
Score: 34.545452
Retrieved Text: Is there Uber in Tamaroa, IL?
Sorry. Info about Uber services in Tamaroa, IL was not available as of last update.
How do you rate Uber in Tamaroa, IL over the past 3 months?
Prices were updated 926 days ago. Update prices to see the real-time rates with Uber taxi in Tamaroa, IL.
Use our Taxi Fare Estimator for calculating Uber prices in Tamaroa including uberPOOL, UberX, Uber POP, UberBLACK, UberSUV, UberXL, UberEXEC, UberLUX, UberTAXI, Uber WAV, Uber SELECT, Uber ASSIST, Uber PLUS, Uber GO, Uber PEDAL, Uber WIFI.
When you look up the fare estimates for Uber in Tamaroa, Tamaroa No. 2, Perry, Illinois, United States - it looks fairly familiar. There is a base fare, a charge per mile and a charge per minute. It looks like the pricing structure you know well from all the miles you have logged in Tamaroa, IL cabs. But Uber Fare Estimator actually uses a bit different pricing model. Uber taxis in Tamaroa, IL charge riders per mile when moving, and per minute when idling. Even so, Uber rates do beat cab fares in Tamaroa, IL.
It's also important to note that you don't have to tip your Uber taxi driver. And most people do tip their Tamaroa, IL taxi driver.
If you add a tip of 20% to the Tamaroa, IL cab fares, Uber looks like an even better deal and beats out other Tamaroa, IL taxis' prices.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 34.543102
Retrieved Text: How much does a taxi cab cost in San Marino?
How much does a taxi cab cost in San Marino ?
The price of races of San Marino taxis is regulated according to the schedule, the kilometers traveled and the time spent.
All Estimated Taxi prices of San Marino does not constitute any price commitment on the part our website Taxi Allo .
The price of a taxi ride in San Marino will always be determined by the price displayed on the horokilometric meter installed in the taxi vehicle that transports you in San Marino .
This estimate does not take into account traffic conditions in San Marino and unforeseen road conditions, the actual route chosen by the taxi driver, and the approach costs related to the booking in San Marino.
Taxi Allo Calculator is not taxi fake San Marino calculator , it give you approximate taxi fare in San Marino .

########
Rank: 22
Score: 34.415348
Retrieved Text: On New Year's Eve — tonight — people will once again start screaming about the price of taking an Uber car instead of a taxi. That's because EVERYONE will want to get a ride home rather than drive, demand will be high, and the algorithm that Uber uses with its mobile app will create the infamous Uber "surge," when prices can go up to eight times the normal rate.
If you do not know what you are doing with Uber, you can easily spend hundreds of dollars for a ride home even if it's just a few miles.
I've been using Uber for a while now, and I've discovered that as long as you are careful, using Uber is often cheaper than taking a taxi and a lot cheaper than actually owning a car. In fact, for anyone who has ever wanted to live the dream of being chauffeured around by your own private driver in a black Mercedes the whole time, Uber is as close as you're likely to get.
1. Check the prices before ordering the ride — duh!
Some cities have Uber Taxi and Black Car, all running at different prices. So check before you ride!
4. Before you order a car, get a fare quote.
We decided to see how much it would cost to take Uber from the Business Insider HQ to the World Trade Center in New York.
5. Decide whether it's worth it.
In fact, $20 to go three miles in Manhattan during rush hour is pretty reasonable — especially when you consider that you won't be

########
Rank: 23
Score: 34.37389
Retrieved Text: Taxi Service- Ride with a professionally licensed taxi driver; we transport up to 4 passengers at a time between locations of your choice.
Our standard rates are $2.50 flag drop (minimum charge to start the ride) plus $2.60 per mile.
Fare does not include tip for the driver, we recommend a 15% gratuity adjusted based on performance.
Airport Transfer Services- Transportation service to and from and between the area's two major airports, Bellingham International Airport (BLI) and Seattle-Tacoma International Airport (SEA).
Personal Driver Service- Perfect for when you have to run all over town but don't want to pay the metered rate plus wait time for the driver or don't want to have to call a cab after each errand.
Minimum $60 per hour up to $120 per hour (Can include driving you around Whatcom County and going into stops with you to assist with purchases, carry bags, etc.).
Hourly rate is determined on a per case basis depending on need and situation and is subject to change.
Scheduled Driver Service- (Pre-Paid By Third Party) Great for teenage passengers for events like school dances. Parents can make arrangements for the transport of kids from one place to another, we calculate distance and the fare amount up front and accept payment via credit card over the phone ahead of time. Parents control where, when and payment so kids don't have to carry cash and parents don't have to worry! This ensures that your kids will get there and won't make any unscheduled stops or get lost.
Delivery of Goods Service- If your favorite restaurant doesn't

########
Rank: 24
Score: 34.21616
Retrieved Text: How do you rate Uber in Leigh over the past 3 months?
Prices were updated 38 days ago. Update prices to see the real-time rates with Uber taxi in Leigh.
* Surge prices in Leigh cannot be shown above as they fluctuate in a matter of minutes. However you can check real-time surges for a specific route using our calculator.
Use our Taxi Fare Estimator for calculating Uber prices in Leigh including uberPOOL, UberX, Uber POP, UberBLACK, UberSUV, UberXL, UberEXEC, UberLUX, UberTAXI, Uber WAV, Uber SELECT, Uber ASSIST, Uber PLUS, Uber GO, Uber PEDAL, Uber WIFI.
When you look up the fare estimates for Uber in Leigh, Greater Manchester, England, United Kingdom - it looks fairly familiar. There is a base fare, a charge per mile and a charge per minute. It looks like the pricing structure you know well from all the miles you have logged in Leigh cabs. But Uber Fare Estimator actually uses a bit different pricing model. Uber taxis in Leigh charge riders per mile when moving, and per minute when idling. Even so, Uber rates do beat cab fares in Leigh.
It's also important to note that you don't have to tip your Uber taxi driver. And most people do tip their Leigh taxi driver.
If you add a tip of 20% to the Leigh cab fares, Uber looks like an even better deal and beats out other Leigh taxis' prices.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 34.181564
Retrieved Text: How do you rate Uber in Lyndon, KY over the past 3 months?
Prices were updated 928 days ago. Update prices to see the real-time rates with Uber taxi in Lyndon, KY.
* Surge prices in Lyndon, KY cannot be shown above as they fluctuate in a matter of minutes. However you can check real-time surges for a specific route using our calculator.
Use our Taxi Fare Estimator for calculating Uber prices in Lyndon including uberPOOL, UberX, Uber POP, UberBLACK, UberSUV, UberXL, UberEXEC, UberLUX, UberTAXI, Uber WAV, Uber SELECT, Uber ASSIST, Uber PLUS, Uber GO, Uber PEDAL, Uber WIFI.
When you look up the fare estimates for Uber in Lyndon, Jefferson County, Kentucky, United States - it looks fairly familiar. There is a base fare, a charge per mile and a charge per minute. It looks like the pricing structure you know well from all the miles you have logged in Lyndon, KY cabs. But Uber Fare Estimator actually uses a bit different pricing model. Uber taxis in Lyndon, KY charge riders per mile when moving, and per minute when idling. Even so, Uber rates do beat cab fares in Lyndon, KY.
It's also important to note that you don't have to tip your Uber taxi driver. And most people do tip their Lyndon, KY taxi driver.
If you add a tip of 20% to the Lyndon, KY cab fares, Uber looks like an even better deal and beats out other Lyndon, KY taxis' prices.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 34.11378
Retrieved Text: Dave: The corner of Watford Road and Homefield Road please. The quicker the better.
Dave: Just here is fine.
Driver: That’ll be ₤3.80 please.
Dave: Here’s 5. Keep the change.
Driver: Thanks very much. Don’t forget your belongings.
Driver: You called for a taxi?
Anna: Yes. Could you open the trunk please? I’ve got a suitcase.
Driver: Sure. Here, let me help you with that. (they get in the car) So, where to?
Anna: International. I’m flying Cathay Pacific, if that helps.
Driver: That’ll probably be Terminal 5. (later) Here OK?
Anna: Sure. How much do I owe you?
Anna: Round it up to 35. I’ll put it on my card.
Driver: Thanks. Just enter your PIN. Do you need help with your case?
Anna: No no, I’ve got it.
Driver: Ok. Have a safe flight.
Last week I went to a concert on the outskirts of town. After it finished 30 000 people left the arena, all looking to get home. There was no subway line close by, so most people were left to take a bus or a taxi. The queue for the buses was insane, so I thought I would take a taxi; I was, however, in for a surprise, because when I reached the taxis I discovered that none of them had their meters on. They had all agreed to work off-the-meter for the night. On top of this, they refused to take only one person in a taxi, and instead tried to get as many people in their taxi – all paying money – as possible. What a scam, I thought. I went back to the

########
Rank: 27
Score: 34.0613
Retrieved Text: How do you rate Uber in Portland, ME over the past 3 months?
Prices were updated 144 days ago. Update prices to see the real-time rates with Uber taxi in Portland, ME.
* Surge prices in Portland, ME cannot be shown above as they fluctuate in a matter of minutes. However you can check real-time surges for a specific route using our calculator.
Use our Taxi Fare Estimator for calculating Uber prices in Portland including uberPOOL, UberX, Uber POP, UberBLACK, UberSUV, UberXL, UberEXEC, UberLUX, UberTAXI, Uber WAV, Uber SELECT, Uber ASSIST, Uber PLUS, Uber GO, Uber PEDAL, Uber WIFI.
Popular Uber Portland airport fares requests for pickup at airport facilities: portland maine airport cab, Hilton Garden Inn Portland Airport, Clarion Hotel Airport, Airport Express Taxi, Maine Airport Taxi, Portland Airport Taxi's.
When you look up the fare estimates for Uber in Portland, Cumberland, Maine, United States - it looks fairly familiar. There is a base fare, a charge per mile and a charge per minute. It looks like the pricing structure you know well from all the miles you have logged in Portland, ME cabs. But Uber Fare Estimator actually uses a bit different pricing model. Uber taxis in Portland, ME charge riders per mile when moving, and per minute when idling. Even so, Uber rates do beat cab fares in Portland, ME.
It's also important to note that you don't have to tip your Uber taxi driver. And most people do tip their Portland, ME taxi driver.
If you add a tip of 20% to the Portland, ME cab fares, Uber looks

########
Rank: 28
Score: 33.926067
Retrieved Text: How do you rate Uber in Palmdale, CA over the past 3 months?
Prices were updated 56 days ago. Update prices to see the real-time rates with Uber taxi in Palmdale, CA.
* Surge prices in Palmdale, CA cannot be shown above as they fluctuate in a matter of minutes. However you can check real-time surges for a specific route using our calculator.
Use our Taxi Fare Estimator for calculating Uber prices in Palmdale including uberPOOL, UberX, Uber POP, UberBLACK, UberSUV, UberXL, UberEXEC, UberLUX, UberTAXI, Uber WAV, Uber SELECT, Uber ASSIST, Uber PLUS, Uber GO, Uber PEDAL, Uber WIFI.
Popular Uber Palmdale airport fares requests for pickup at airport facilities: Palmdale Regional Airport.
When you look up the fare estimates for Uber in Palmdale, Los Angeles, California, United States - it looks fairly familiar. There is a base fare, a charge per mile and a charge per minute. It looks like the pricing structure you know well from all the miles you have logged in Palmdale, CA cabs. But Uber Fare Estimator actually uses a bit different pricing model. Uber taxis in Palmdale, CA charge riders per mile when moving, and per minute when idling. Even so, Uber rates do beat cab fares in Palmdale, CA.
It's also important to note that you don't have to tip your Uber taxi driver. And most people do tip their Palmdale, CA taxi driver.
If you add a tip of 20% to the Palmdale, CA cab fares, Uber looks like an even better deal and beats out other Palmdale, CA taxis' prices.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 33.89561
Retrieved Text: How do you rate Uber in Winthrop Harbor, IL over the past 3 months?
Prices were updated 49 days ago. Update prices to see the real-time rates with Uber taxi in Winthrop Harbor, IL.
* Surge prices in Winthrop Harbor, IL cannot be shown above as they fluctuate in a matter of minutes. However you can check real-time surges for a specific route using our calculator.
Use our Taxi Fare Estimator for calculating Uber prices in Winthrop Harbor including uberPOOL, UberX, Uber POP, UberBLACK, UberSUV, UberXL, UberEXEC, UberLUX, UberTAXI, Uber WAV, Uber SELECT, Uber ASSIST, Uber PLUS, Uber GO, Uber PEDAL, Uber WIFI.
When you look up the fare estimates for Uber in Winthrop Harbor, Benton, Lake, Illinois, United States - it looks fairly familiar. There is a base fare, a charge per mile and a charge per minute. It looks like the pricing structure you know well from all the miles you have logged in Winthrop Harbor, IL cabs. But Uber Fare Estimator actually uses a bit different pricing model. Uber taxis in Winthrop Harbor, IL charge riders per mile when moving, and per minute when idling. Even so, Uber rates do beat cab fares in Winthrop Harbor, IL.
It's also important to note that you don't have to tip your Uber taxi driver. And most people do tip their Winthrop Harbor, IL taxi driver.
If you add a tip of 20% to the Winthrop Harbor, IL cab fares, Uber looks like an even better deal and beats out other Winthrop Harbor, IL taxis' prices.

================



======= Instance Index 1514 =========
Input Text: Read the following conversation and answer the question.

Receptionist: English Language Center. How may I help you?

Caller: Yes. I'm calling to find out more information about your program. For example, what kind of courses do you offer?

Receptionist: Well, first of all, the purpose of our program is to provide language learning opportunities to this area's community [Uh-hum], whether a student's goal is to master basic functional language skills, let's say, for his or her job, or to study intensively to enter a US college or university.

Caller: Okay. I'm calling for a friend who is interested in attending a US university.

Receptionist: And that's the kind of, uh, instruction that we provide, from basic communication courses to content-based classes such as computer literacy, intercultural communication, and business English.

Caller: Great. What are your application deadlines for the next semester?

Receptionist: Well, we ask applicants to apply no later than two months before the semester begins. [Uh-hum] This gives us time to process the application and issue the student's I-20.

Caller: An I-20?

Receptionist: Oh, an I-20 is a form that indicates that we are giving permission for the student to study in our program, and then the student takes this form to the US embassy in his or her country to apply for the F-1 student visa.

Caller: Alright. What is the tuition for a full-time student?

Receptionist: It's two thousand thirty dollars.

Caller: And how does one apply?

Receptionist: Well, we can send you an application and you can mail it back to us, or you can fill out our application that's online at our Web site.

Caller: And are there other materials I would need to send in addition to the application form?

Receptionist: Uh, yes. You would need to send in a $35 non-refundable application fee [Uh-huh], a sponsorship form indicating who will be responsible financially for the student while studying in our program, and a bank statement showing that you or your sponsor has sufficient funds to cover tuition expenses and living costs for the entire year of...

Question: If the Fall semester begins on August 29th, by what date should one apply to the program? 

- May 29th

- June 29th

- July 29th

Target Text: June 29th

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 40.47955
Retrieved Text: Thank you for your interest in one of the programs within Vincennes University’s College of Health Science and Human Performance. The selection process for Vincennes University’s College of Health Science and Human Performance is based on the premise that student selection is vital to promote student success. The standards of selection will also contribute to the quality of care administered by graduates of the program. In order to successfully complete the programs, students must be highly motivated and have an academic background sufficient to complete the curriculum. Admission is competitive and compliance with all criteria does not guarantee acceptance to the College of Health Science and Human Performance.
Completed applications may be mailed to: Vincennes University Health Science Admission Coordinator, 1002 North First Street, Building 14, Vincennes, IN 47591; emailed to jhooten@vinu.edu; or faxed to 812-888-4550. Completed applications may also be submitted in person at the Center for Health Sciences, Room 215.
Please note that some programs have an extended application review process. Applicants should begin periodically checking their emails three to four weeks after submission of the completed packet. The majority of programs review applications October through June with notifications emailed at various times.
Step 1: Complete a Vincennes University application for admission. You must be admitted to Vincennes University in order to submit a Health Science Application. Your acceptance to Vincennes University is separate from admission to the College of Health Science and Human Performance. You should have your high school and applicable college transcripts on file when you apply. If you do not have college credit

########
Rank: 1
Score: 39.30778
Retrieved Text: What programs are offered for the MSW?
Can an applicant apply to more than one pathway or method?
Does the school offer a part-time or extended program, or is there any way to complete the program on weekends or evenings?
What are the special requirements for the OYR Program?
Is my Field Internship paid?
Can I write more than 500 words on the Statement of Purpose?
The Silberman School of Social Work seeks applicants who have a minimum 3.0 grade point average and volunteer/internship/work history in a social service/helping profession setting. The applicant must complete the online application. Two letters of reference, a Statement of Purpose, official transcripts, and a non-refundable $125 application fee are also required.
No, the GRE is not required.
There is no part-time or extended program, and our programs cannot be completed on weekends and evenings. There are limited courses for the OYR program on Saturdays. The OYR program is only available for students currently working at an eligible social services agency that meets our special requirements.
OYR applicants must have two years (cumulative) paid full-time experience in a recognized social service agency. In addition, their agency must sign an Agency Executive Agreement Form and provide an Agency Executive Reference Letter.
Full-Time and Advanced Standing Programs: The field placement is completed three days per week, totaling 21 hours per week.
OYR Program: Field placement is completed through your agency during your residence year (during the start of your second year).
Dual Degree: The second and third year, three days per week for a total of 21 hours per week, every semester.
No. Field placement is

########
Rank: 2
Score: 37.74495
Retrieved Text: Curricular Practical Training (CPT) is employment which must be an integral part of your curriculum, and directly related to your field of study here at NJIT. Approval for CPT is authorized by the Office of Global Initiatives (OGI), the Career Development Services (CDS) and the student’s academic adviser.
CPT employment occurs before you have completed your program at NJIT. Students may not participate in CPT after their NJIT program has been completed.
You must submit your CPT form and all required supporting documents to the OGI PRIOR to beginning your CPT employment. The OGI requires up to 7 business days to process all applications. You must submit your documents in a timely manner to allow you to obtain the necessary work authorization prior to your intended start date.
Graduate students planning to do CPT will be required to register for a course. The CPT course will be for three credit and included in the student’s bill the first time they register. Any consecutive CPT courses will also be for three credit, but no tuition will be charged irrespective of change of employer. Other fees still apply.
Undergraduate students should refer to CDS for billing questions.
Undergraduate students must register for 12 credits at all times (except last semester); three credit from CPT can be used to count towards the minimum requirement. Students cannot take a CPT course by itself (except during summer term if it is not your final term).
Graduate students cannot take a CPT course by itself (except during summer term if it is not your final term). In order

########
Rank: 3
Score: 37.12559
Retrieved Text: * Application extensions may be possible on a case by case basis depending on space availability.
In order to participate in an exchange program with Augsburg University your school must have a signed agreement with Augsburg University which includes the authorization of student exchange. Questions regarding the exchange should be sent to Jim Trelstad-Porter, ISSS Director, at porter@augsburg.edu.
The home institution first internally approves whether or not a student is eligible for participation in an exchange program. Students should then complete the ON-LINE APPLICATION together with all requested materials.
Most Augsburg courses are worth 4 semester credits each. Most Augsburg students register for 19 credits per semester.
The minimum requirement for full-time study is 12 credits per semester. Students may enroll up to a maximum of 18 credits per semester.
The student’s home institution makes final decisions regarding the translation and transfer of academic credit and the required number of courses an exchange student must take. Questions regarding these issues should be addressed to porter@augsburg.edu before a student completes course registration.
Note: Government-sponsored programs (from the U.S. or a student’s home country) may have other arrangements with regard to tuition, housing and meals and any accompanying scholarships. Please inquire at porter@augsburg.edu.
Upon acceptance as an exchange student to Augsburg University you will be be assigned an Augsburg ID and will receive instructions to activate your Augnet account. You may pay your tuition once you are able to access your Augnet account. Payments may be made up until the week of international student orientation.
*For international payments, we recommend you use Flywire to find the

########
Rank: 4
Score: 37.021374
Retrieved Text: Recital 2017 DVDs have been delivered to DDF! If you ordered a DVD before the July 1st delivery cut-off, we have your order here at the studio. We are open for DVD pick up until August 11th, 9:30-2:30 Monday through Thursday, 9:30-2 on Friday. DDF will be closed for the remainder of August, so if you can't come by before that, we'll hold onto your DVD until the fall. If you ordered your DVD after the July 1st cut-off, your DVD will be sent to you by VAM directly. If you have any questions, please contact VAM.
Registration is ongoing for the Fall Semester!
While it's still only July, and we couldn't be having more fun at our Summer Program (!), we also have our eye on the Fall 2017 Semester ... It's not too late for you to register! Click here to see the schedule and register! Or click here to see a listing of our classes by genre.
Our Summer Program has begun!
Our summer program is underway and what a blast we're having. We offer 6 week-long sessions throughout July and August. Each week has a fun theme, and kids from 3 and up enjoy all dance styles throughout each day. For information, or to register, click here.
This is the last week of classes for the Winter/Spring Semester. Our last day is June 17th ... but we won't be closed long. Summer Program 2017 begins on July 5th. Six week-long sessions run through July and early August. Click here for all the details on our Summer Program.
Recitals

########
Rank: 5
Score: 36.702156
Retrieved Text: The pre-nursing program consists of two years of general education, prerequisites, and supporting courses needed for admission to the Traditional BSN or Accelerated BSN program options. The Traditional BSN option begins in either fall or spring semesters and the Accelerated BSN option only begins in the spring semester.
After you have completed the pre-nursing program, or if you are transferring with the required courses from another college or university, you will then apply to the Traditional BSN option to complete the remaining two years for the nursing degree. This program option begins in the fall and spring semesters.
The College of Nursing and Health Sciences at Barry University is fortunate to have an agreement with Baptist Health South Florida that offers Traditional BSN students, who are admitted to the BSN program, the option to apply for the Baptist Bond scholarship in exchange for an employment commitment upon graduation. This scholarship opportunity is available in the spring and fall semesters.
The Accelerated BSN option is a 15-month program that allows individuals with a non-nursing bachelor’s degree or higher to pursue a degree in nursing. This program begins in spring semester.
If you are currently a registered nurse with an associate degree or state-approved diploma, and wish to earn your Bachelor of Science in Nursing degree, you would then apply to our 15-month RN-to-BSN program. This program begins in fall or spring semester.
Being accredited indicates our commitment to public approbation, attesting to the quality of the educational program and the continued commitment to support and improve the program.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 36.50627
Retrieved Text: A Social Security Number (SSN) is a permanent nine-digit identification number administered by the Social Security Administration, an agency of the U.S. federal government. SSNs are required for anyone employed in the U.S. because it tracks income for employers and the IRS, but is not required for anything else.
Who is eligible to receive a Social Security Number?
F-1 students who are employed are eligible for a Social Security Number. F-2s are not eligible for a Social Security Number.
J visa holders are eligible for a Social Security Number whether employed or not. If a J visa holder is not employed, OIE would encourage you to think carefully about whether you would like to apply for an SSN because of some dangers of having one (see below).
Who is required to have a Social Security Number?
All individuals working in the U.S. are required to have a Social Security Number. Many jobs do not require you to have a Social Security Number to begin working, but you should submit SSN information to your employer as soon as possible.
Why is everyone asking for my Social Security Number?
International visitors are not required to have a Social Security Number to enter the U.S., open a bank account, sign a lease, or get a Georgia driver's license. However, it is likely that you will be asked for an SSN when trying to do these things. This is because SSNs are used to check your financial credit history (i.e. do you pay bills on time?).
If you are asked for an SSN by a cell phone carrier,

########
Rank: 7
Score: 36.261143
Retrieved Text: Single enrollment means you apply to one of nine undergraduate colleges where you will earn a bachelor’s degree. This is the most common option.
Combined enrollment allows students to have one major in the College of Arts and Sciences and one major in the College of Engineering and Computer Science. It leads to two degrees, one conferred by each college. This enrollment option requires an additional year of study.
Students may apply for fall or spring semester. If applying for fall, first-year applicants to Syracuse University are offered two ways to apply: either through the Early Decision plan or the Regular Decision plan. Please refer to application deadlines for more information.
If Syracuse University is your first choice, consider applying for Early Decision (ED). As an ED candidate, you agree to enroll at Syracuse University if admitted to your preferred college. The EDI application deadline is November 15. EDII application deadline is January 1.Most EDI candidates are typically notified of their admission decision prior to January 1. EDII candidates are notified beginning in January.You may apply to other colleges and universities through regular decision, with the understanding that you will withdraw these applications if admitted to Syracuse University.
Find out if Early Decision is right for you.
Most applicants to Syracuse University apply for a Regular Decision (RD). To have the best opportunity to be notified of an admission decision in late March, be sure to complete all admissions requirements (including auditions and portfolio reviews) by the required deadlines. The deadline for Regular Decision is January 1.
Transfer students who would like

########
Rank: 8
Score: 36.091976
Retrieved Text: After an application has been submitted to Virginia Engineering Online (VEO), the application materials are reviewed, an admission decision is made, and the student is notified via email that a change has been made to the application status at the online application site. Applicants are prompted to check the site for the update and, if offered admission, may accept their admission offer online. Once the official acceptance is made through the application site, the applicant becomes a degree-seeking student with the University of Virginia School of Engineering and Applied Science. Prospective students who are interested in taking a class before officially applying to a degree program may do so. Those who choose this path are encouraged to apply to a degree program before completing two courses that may count towards the degree.
Only courses in which a grade of C or better is achieved can be applied toward the degree. GPA calculation includes all grades, however. A minimum cumulative GPA of 3.0 must be maintained at all times. A student is placed on academic probation should his or her GPA fall below 3.0. If the GPA cannot be raised to 3.0 or higher, the student will be subject to dismissal from the program. These cases are monitored by the Engineering School.
30 credit hours, or ten 3-credit courses, is the general requirement by all UVA online master’s degree programs. The exception is Systems Engineering; the requirement for the Systems Engineering masters degree is 32 semester hours.
A plan of study should be completed and submitted to the Engineering School

########
Rank: 9
Score: 35.639095
Retrieved Text: Prior to the school year beginning, and during the first week of classes, all major changes are processed through admissions. Email admissions from your UP email address at admissions@up.edu to request that your major be changed before this date.
If you are changing schools (for example, Engineering to Business), keep in mind that your Program Counselor and class schedule will change as well. Once your major is officially changed by admissions, your Program Counselor in your new school will reach out to you regarding your schedule.
The process for changing your major is the same if you are currently Undeclared and would like to declare a major, or have a major and would like to change to Undeclared.
After the academic school year begins, you can request a major change online through your Pilots Portal.
How do I add a second major or add a minor?
If you want to add a second major or add a minor, you will need to wait until the second week of classes, which begins January 21st. You will be able to do this through your Pilots Portal.
In the meantime, communicate to your Program Counselor about your other interests, so that they may take that into consideration when building your fall semester schedule.
What if I did not get in to the major that I wanted?
Some majors have admission based on high school grades and/or test scores. In these cases, your major will default to undeclared.
For now, make sure to indicate an interest in majoring in Business to your Program Counselor. It is recommended that if

########
Rank: 10
Score: 35.464188
Retrieved Text: After the regular drop/add period at the beginning of each term, you may withdraw from one or more courses before the end of the eighth week of the semester. The total number of credit hours carried should not fall below the minimum credit hour requirement of the program.
This withdrawal period results in differing refund rates. You are encouraged to consult the University academic calendar for specific dates. If you withdraw from a course during the withdrawal period, the grade of “W” is entered on your transcript.
You may apply for a leave of absence from semester if you do not register courses or want to drop courses registered prior to the end of the add/drop period. No penalties will be applied and the courses will not appear in the student's transcript.
For new students who applied for a leave of absence in their semester of admission, all registered courses will be dropped and their admission will be terminated. Consequently, they must apply for re-admission in the next semester if they desire to study again at Qatar University.
For current students, they can apply for a leave of absence from the semester before the end of the add/drop period. All registered courses will be dropped.
Graduate students can defer their study before it begins for a maximum of two semesters, provided the program is still offered at Qatar University. Students requesting such an extension must submit the official written request Defer Semester of Admission Form to the Vice President for Student Affairs.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 35.29147
Retrieved Text: The Extended Day Program provides care for your child at Mark Twain until 4:10 pm (half-time) or 6:00 pm (full time), depending on your needs. If you do not need Extended Day care every day, we offer 35 full-time days or 10-day packages.
If you need care for the first day of the fall semester, we must receive completed registration forms by August 23, 2018. Once the fall semester begins, we must receive registration forms and half the payment per semester for your child at least 2 days prior to their time in Extended Day.
Click here to view the Registration Forms and activity options.
The Extended Day program is overseen by the Mark Twain Elementary Administration and is managed by Mark Twain Elementary. For questions, please email Stacey Karr at skarr@houstonisd.org.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 35.24869
Retrieved Text: The Resurrection College Education Assistance Program provides nominal monetary assistance for graduating high school seniors enrolled in institutions of higher learning or trade schools. Monetary amounts awarded will vary but will not exceed $300.00 per semester for a maximum of four years for any one applicant. Also, awards will be divided as equally as possible among applicants. Applicants must be or have been an active participant in Resurrection church ministry functions and programs. Proof of school enrollment must be attached. Applicants without proof of enrollment will be returned as incomplete. Applications must be submitted no later than September 29th for upcoming fall semester and January 29th for upcoming spring semester of each year.
To apply, please provide the additional information requested below by completing the form online or submitting the completed form in person to the church office. Verified proof of registration and admission to college, university or vocational school, 10 or more hours of volunteer work documented by letter by a Resurrection ministry leader, for a community organization by the coordinator on said organization’s letterhead.
The packet can be attached or submitted by email to educationalassist@myrbconline.com prior to the above mentioned deadlines.
All (*) asterisked items are required.
Describe any specialized training, apprenticeship, skills, honor, and extracurricular activities in which you have participated (to include church activities).
Why are you interested in your chosen major and what are your future goals?
Accepted file types: pdf, docx, jpg, png, xlsx.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 35.12468
Retrieved Text: August 1 Move in information will be emailed to all assigned students. This mailing includes move in dates and times, as well as information about important University services.
August 1 Last day to apply for early arrival. If you need to arrive earlier than the official opening date, you must request advanced approval in writing from the Housing and Residence Life office by August 1, 2018. You must fill out the online form which can be found on myUSI. Click on the Housing icon and scroll to find the appropriate form. Students must have a valid University-related reason for early check in. Those without Housing and Residence Life approval will not be allowed to check in early.
August 11 First day students can move in early. Services normally offered will not be available prior to the August 16, 2018, move in date. Students approved to arrive early will be charged per day prior to the official opening date.
August 20 4 p.m. - Last date to check in before cancellation of contract and application of no show fee. Room assignments will be held no later than 4 p.m. on the first day of classes. If you anticipate arriving after classes begin, you must submit a written request to Housing and Residence Life and receive approval prior to August 22, 2018. Late check-ins are not approved by Housing and Residence Life may result in a room assignment change or contract cancellation.
September 3 Fall consolidation begins - During this time, students living in Housing and Residence Life apartments or suites that

########
Rank: 14
Score: 35.075527
Retrieved Text: Applications are no longer being accepted for the fall 2019 semester. Applications for the fall and spring 2020 terms will be available in August.
We offer three application options (apply using just one). There is a $50 application fee.
An official high school transcript must be submitted by your high school, either online through your application portal, by fax (631-632-9898), or by mail to Stony Brook University, Office of Undergraduate Admissions, 118 Administration Building, Stony Brook, NY 11794-1901.
Official scores from the SAT, ACT or both must be sent directly from the testing agency. SAT Code: 2548, ACT Code: 2952.
One letter of recommendation is required from a teacher or counselor. This may be submitted electronically through your application portal or by mail with our Teacher/Counselor Evaluation Form. Send two Teacher Evaluations if you are applying for any of our honors programs. If you are applying to WISE, at least one evaluation should be from a science or math teacher.
Students using The Common Application or Coalition Application can apply to honors programs on their application. Those who submit the SUNY Application must also submit the (1) SUNY Supplemental Application and (2) Application to Honors Programs by January 15. Applicants to the Honors College, University Scholars & WISE: upload a brief statement in your SOLAR System account on why you believe you will be a good fit for your preferred honors program. Scholars for Medicine & Scholars for Dental Medicine applicants: upload an essay on "What aspects about medicine (or dental medicine) intrigue you? Describe how these aspects influence your life"

########
Rank: 15
Score: 35.065792
Retrieved Text: The HCC Foundation Scholarship Committee awards a number of scholarships with different criteria and dollar amounts for the fall and spring semesters to students taking at least six credits and who have at least a 2.0 GPA. Students must complete the 2019-2020 FAFSA for scholarship consideration. Hagerstown Community College’s school code for the FAFSA is 002074. Applicants must register for classes by the application deadline date each semester. First semester students should submit a copy of their high school transcript or college transcripts to the Admissions Office. Scholarships are based on financial need and academic promise. Most scholarships are for a one-year period. Students cannot receive financial aid at two schools during the same semester. Students should apply each semester and incomplete applications will not be considered for a potential award. In addition, students must maintain at least a 2.0 cumulative GPA to remain eligible for a scholarship. For scholarships which require full-time enrollment, students must be actively enrolled in at least 12 credits on the college’s census date each semester to remain eligible for the scholarship. Exceptions will be made if your program of study specifically involves registering for less than 12 credits during the semester. The application deadline is June 1, 2019. Complete the HCC Foundation Scholarship Application Form online.
The HCC Faculty/Foundation Scholarship for Academic Excellence Committee offers an academic excellence scholarship program for qualified graduates of area high schools. The committee awards these scholarships based on GPA, SAT scores, and extracurricular activities. These awards provide $550 per semester at Hagerstown Community College. Recipients

########
Rank: 16
Score: 35.016804
Retrieved Text: Q. Can I enroll if I’m an international student attending a college or university not located in the United States?
A. No. Only international students who are enrolled in a college or university full time in the United States may apply. There are no exceptions.
Q. Should I apply if my GPA is under 3.5?
A. Your application will be less competitive, however if you have strong research experience, you should still apply.
Q. Is the 3.5 GPA requirements for all science courses or for cumulative GPA?
Q. Do you need my transcripts for the fall semester?
A. Yes, we will need all transcripts including the ones for the current semester (they can be unofficial) before you complete your application. We’ll also need a list if classes you are enrolled in for the spring.
Q. My school is on a quarter system and classes won’t be completed until the MSRP Bio program has already started. Is there any flexibility in the start date?
A. Unfortunately due to the nature of the 10-week program, all students must be available to begin on the first date of the program.
Q. Are there any citizenship requirements?

########
Rank: 17
Score: 34.965767
Retrieved Text: Q1. I am a faculty/academic staff member. Am I eligible for the Course Fee Courtesy?
Q2. If I take a leave of absence will my eligibility for the Course Fee Courtesy end?
Q3. If I terminate or am not reappointed will my eligibility for the Course Fee Courtesy end?
Q4. In the case of retirement or death what happens to my eligibility?
Q5. If I drop below full-time employment will my eligibility end?
Q6. When and how does Human Resources check for continuing eligibility for faculty/academic staff currently participating in the Course Fee Courtesy?
Q7. I am a support staff member. Am I eligible for the Course Fee Courtesy?
Q8. If I drop below full-time employment will my eligibility end?
Q9. In case of retirement or death what happens to my eligibility?
Q10. Must a student be admitted to MSU to be eligible?
Q11. Must a student be working on the first bachelors degree to be eligible?
Q12. What relationship to an eligible faculty/academic staff member or regular support staff is required for student eligibility?
Q13. Does the number of credits a student has attempted affect eligibility for the Course Fee Courtesy?
Q14. Does the number of credits a student takes per semester affect eligibility for the Course Fee Courtesy?
Q15. When do I need to apply?
Q16. How do I apply?
Q17. How often must I apply?
Q18. What action is needed to ensure that the Course Fee Courtesy is applied to Overseas Study programs?
Q19. What action is needed to ensure that the Course Fee Courtesy is applied to off-campus courses?
1.1 Full-time appointments in the tenure system; full-time appointments in the specialist,

########
Rank: 18
Score: 34.9637
Retrieved Text: Transfer students are students who have completed one or more college credits following high school graduation.
If you have completed 20 or fewer credits post high school you may be evaluated as a traditional first-year applicant and will be eligible for first-year scholarships.
Are you a previous student applying for re-admission?
Or apply with the Common Application.
* There is no application fee for domestic transfer applicants.
** As instructed on the Common Application.
† Applicant has earned 20 or fewer semester credits after graduating from high school. Admitted students may submit updated SAT/ACT scores or transcripts before Feb. 15 of the academic year for which they are applying, to be re-evaluated for merit scholarships. Talk to your counselor for more information or to request a re-evaluation.
‡For those who have prior military credits: All scores from U.S. Armed Forces Institution Examinations (USAFI) and/or (DANTES) and/or College Examination Program (CLEP). Other documentation such as DD Form 214, DD Form 295, AARTS transcripts, CCAF transcripts, DLI transcripts and SMART transcripts.
Students who have been admitted to Saint Martin’s University without a DTA associate’s degree, and who have at least 60 transferrable quarter credits, or 40 transferable semester credits, from a Washington community or technical college, may be eligible to earn a DTA associate’s degree from their transfer institution. This is accomplished by transferring SMU credits back to the community or technical college, which may then apply the credits towards its own associate degree requirements.
To activate this policy, students must alert the Registrar’s office that they wish to have their courses reverse transferred, and are responsible

########
Rank: 19
Score: 34.954884
Retrieved Text: FAIRFIELD, ME – Kennebec Valley Community College (KVCC) will hold an “Admit in a Day,” event Thursday, Aug. 20 giving potential students a one-stop option for enrolling in classes for the fall 2015 semester.
The event will be held from 1-5 p.m. in the Lunder Library building at the Fairfield campus of KVCC at 92 Western Ave.
Those interested in attending the event should plan to arrive promptly at 1 p.m. Placement exams will begin at 1:30 p.m. and you must be checked in before that time if you plan to take the exam.
Those attending the event will need to bring an official sealed copy of their high school transcript, immunization records, and 2014 federal tax forms and W-2 forms. Students with previous college credits should also bring a sealed copy of their college transcript(s) for review.
The event is free and open to the public and the application and exam fees will be waived for those attending.
Prospective students will be guided by professional advisors as they take placement exams, fill out applications, apply for financial aid, and are reviewed for admission.
For more information call 453-5822 or email Admissions_Office@kvcc.me.edu.
▪ Two-year Sustainable Design-Build (Timber-Frame) program.
▪ One-year certificate program in Welding.
▪ A part-time evening option for the Medical Assisting program.
▪ A part-time evening certificate option for the Electrical Technology program.
▪ A fully online option for the Mental Health program.
Registration for fall classes is now open to all students. The fall semester begins September 8.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 34.866478
Retrieved Text: How do I find out who my advisor is? Login into Eagle/Self-Service, select My Profile, then scroll down to “Who’s my Advisor?” If your advisor is not listed, please email advising@northwestu.edu or call the Academic Success and Advising Center @ 425-889-5227.
When do I meet with my advisor? Typically, your advisor is required to meet with you during the advising weeks in a semester (Fall Oct-Nov; Spring Mar-Apr), but schedule a time whenever you feel the need to do so.
How do I make an advising appointment? Contact your advisor by email or phone. If you have general advising questions or do not have an advisor, email advising@northwestu.edu or call the Academic Success and Advising Center @ 425-889-5227.
How do I change my major or other academic changes? Changing your major may include advisor, minor, track, or concentration changes to your academic portfolio as well. Email advising@northwestu.edu or call the Academic Success and Advising Center @ 425-889-5227 to make these changes.
How many online classes can I take each semester? In both fall and spring semesters, Traditional students can take (1) one online class per semester, regardless of when it is offered. Summer semester Traditional students are recommended to take no more than (2) two classes per seven week session.
When can I add and drop classes? Adding and dropping class(es) can be done the 1st week of classes until Friday @ 5 PM PST.
When can I withdraw from a class? Class withdrawal begins the second week of the semester, and ends on a specific date in November (Fall) and April

########
Rank: 21
Score: 34.723896
Retrieved Text: dates of the public schools in the Des Moines Metro area.
D. The beginning date of the summer term shall be the Monday immediately following commencement. The Ending date of the summer term shall be the Sunday immediately before the opening day of classes in the fall (either the University classes or Law School classes, which ever is earlier).
The Faculty Senate will set an opening fall semester date when the academic calendar is created four full years in advance. The Faculty Senate will give final approval to the calendar 1.5 years in advance of the fall semester. The Law faculty will approve an opening fall semester date before the Faculty Senate final approval vote to ensure that a summer ending date is established.
This motion strives to present a clear and consistent calendar while maximizing the month of August for classes. Being able to identify three distinct semesters at Drake (fall, spring, summer) will allow for continued flexibility in program offerings while satisfying the Department of Education mandate that semester dates for a student or courses cannot overlap. Expanding the dates of the summer semester will allow departments to program their summer course offerings in creative and flexible ways, with college and school approval.
This would begin with the Summer 2008 term.
Then Summer 2008 would end August 24.
Fall 2009 Fall opening date is Monday, August 24th.
so their opening date is known and the Summer semester end can be determined.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 34.72284
Retrieved Text: On August 3rd, Supervisor Jane Kim, other elected leaders, and the Free City Coalition gathered with students for a lunchtime Free City Celebration featuring the CCSF Jazz Band and the opportunity to apply to City College!
Last November, SF voters made history when they passed a tax on luxury property sales to make City College FREE again. With the start of fall semester on August 19th, the Free City Program will be the first of its kind offering universal free higher education for City residents. Free City serves a diverse range of students with more educational access—from traditional college-age students to immigrants, people of color, veterans, low income folks, their neighbors, parents, and grandparents!
The Free City Coalition came together with elected leaders, students, faculty, and community groups advocating for the Free City program to keep City College affordable and accessible to all San Franciscans, in particular those who find it hard to make ends meet in an increasingly expensive city.
The Free City program is giving thousands of San Franciscans greater access to education at CCSF. With just over two weeks before classes begin, more than 30,000 students have enrolled in classes at City College for fall semester 2017, a significant increase over the previous fall. Last month’s data on full-time equivalent student (FTES) units shows an estimated 17% increase in year-over-year combined credit and non-credit FTES, with a 25.5% increase in credit-only FTES. These numbers are preliminary, due to fact that the number of units varies widely during registration periods as students add and drop classes.
Free City

########
Rank: 23
Score: 34.5636
Retrieved Text: We have listed frequently asked question (FAQ) here for your references.
How to apply to study at UMK?
Who are eligible to apply for programs at UMK?
How many postgraduate student intakes per year?
Programme by Research: throughout the year.
I received an offer to pursue my study in UMK. However, due to unforeseen circumstances, I could not register on the registration date. What should I do?
How to check if students have overdue tuition fees?
How to pay the tuition fees?
What actions taken if students have overdue tuition fees?
What is the tuition fee status if student delayed or quit their studies during the current semester?
Other fees need to be paid in whole following paragraphs (i) and (ii) as above and hostel fee is according to the actual occupancy of the hostel. For those who quit under para 10.2 stated registered students( including those who had pre-registered their course) quit from the respective program after the semester begins are needed to pay all fees for that semester.
If students have sponsorships and on the current semester they are being offered other sponsorship, can they accept that scholarship without refusing the existing sponsorships?
How long does it take to process the repayment of students’ tuition fees or payment of scholarship/ loan from a sponsor?
Can I send application for renewal of student pass or dependant pass 1 month before the expiry date?
No. Kindly submit all the required documents 3 MONTH before expiry date.
I want to bring my family. Who can I apply for Dependant Pass?
How many intakes to enrol international student per year?
What is the entry requirement

########
Rank: 24
Score: 34.546143
Retrieved Text: The University Scholars Graduate Degree Fellowship provides scholarship support to qualified Honors students and Honors alumni in their first two years of graduate study at UT Arlington. Fellowships will be awarded on the basis of proven academic achievement and potential for completing graduate study.
Fellowship awards are made for $1000 for one year (disbursed as $500 in the fall semester and $500 in the spring semester). Awardees are required to be enrolled in and complete a minimum of six hours at the graduate level in each of the fall and spring semesters. Those students who register for fewer than six hours in their final semester of graduate study may receive a prorated award. The award of a University Scholars Graduate Degree Fellowship does not preclude other financial aid. However, a student will not simultaneously receive the G. Irene and Fernando G. Torgerson Graduate Studies Advancement Fund (Honors Bridge to Graduate School Fellowship) and the University Scholars Endowment. This fellowship is not renewable.
must have completed the Honors degree at the time of application or be on track to complete it, as certified by both their Senior Project mentors and Honors advisers.
must have applied for admission to a UT Arlington graduate program no later than May 1, 2019* OR be currently enrolled in the first two years of a UT Arlington graduate program.
must have a conferred bachelor’s degree to be eligible to receive funding.
*Note: The scholarship award is contingent upon admission to a UT Arlington graduate program. Applicants who are not admitted to their intended graduate program will not

########
Rank: 25
Score: 34.429688
Retrieved Text: Please visit the Center for Constitutional Democracy website for information on the PhD application priority dates and submission requirements.
Applicants to the LLM and MCL programs: Though applications will be considered until the class is full, it is recommended that you apply no later than the listed deadline. All applications received by this listed priority date will be automatically be considered for scholarships. Applications received after the priority date will be considered for scholarships if funds are still available.
For each future fall semester, we begin accepting new applications to all graduate programs on October 1.
Applicants to the SJD program: Applications to the SJD are accepted only for the fall semester. Preference will be given to complete SJD applications received by the priority date of February 1. All SJD applications should be received and complete by the final deadline of March 1.
Spring Start: In addition to our traditional fall semester, Indiana Law offers a spring program that starts in January. Applications for spring start will be accepted July through November. Programs that are available for a spring start include the LLM, MCL and certificate. A spring start is not available for the SJD program.
Education: LLM and MCL applicants who received their undergraduate education outside the United States are generally required to have completed a degree in law or a strong undergraduate concentration in legal coursework.
Our SJD program is for international law graduates who already hold an LLM degree and who have demonstrated exceptional analytical and research abilities. For all programs, an applicant's educational history should demonstrate exceptional performance,

########
Rank: 26
Score: 34.393024
Retrieved Text: The degree completion process requires that all students planning to graduate must complete a graduation application one semester prior to the semester of planned graduation. This allows the student the opportunity to receive an official advising guide which indicates any deficiencies in degree completion. The student will have a semester in which to correct such deficiencies.
Students must apply for graduation on or before the due date. When the graduation application is processed, a graduation fee of $50 will be added to your student account balance.
If you plan to graduate in the Fall Semester you must apply to graduate by MAY 1.
If you plan to graduate in the Spring Semester you must apply to graduate by OCTOBER 1.
Note: March 23 is the last day to apply to graduate (with a late fee) for the spring semester. After that date you may apply for summer or fall semester graduation.
If you plan to graduate in the Summer Semester you must apply to graduate by MAY 1.
If you plan to graduate in the Fall Semester you must apply to graduate by JUNE 1.
If you plan to graduate in the Spring Semester you must apply to graduate by OCTOBER 15.
If you plan to graduate in the Summer Semester you must apply to graduate by JANUARY 15.
For more information about graduation, please visit the Graduation and Commencement site.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 34.211815
Retrieved Text: 427 [Notice]Submission of Thesis for Master's degree for Fall ..
Submission of Thesis for Master's degree for Fall semester, 2018 (2019 August Graduation)Those who are scheduled to graduate in February 2019 have to submit the thesis for degree within the ..
425 [Notice]Application for Change of the Degree Process to In..
Application for Change of the Degree Process to Integrated Course for Students under the Master's Degree Course, Fall semester 2019 Those who want to change the degree course to the Integrat..
We inform you the schedule and procedure of submitting the thesis plan for enrolled students in Master’s, Doctorate, and Integrated program for Spring semester, 2019. Those who scheduled to subm..
422 [Notice] Submission of Thesis for Doctorate degree for Fal..
Submission of Thesis for Doctorate degree for Fall semester, 2018 (2019 August Graduation) Those who are scheduled to graduate in August 2019 have to submit the thesis for degree with..
421 [Notice] Health Insurance for Foreign Students, Spring sem..
Health Insurance for Foreign Students, Spring semester, 2019- All Ajou International Students are mandatorily required to purchase health insurance. If you do not insured, issuance of the academic doc..
420 [Notice]Obligation for Using Thesis Plagiarism Prevention ..
Obligation for Using Thesis Plagiarism Prevention system(Turnitin System), Spring 2019 We, the Graduate School, have implemented the Turnitin System to avoid thesis plagiarism before final submis..
419 Recruiting Participants for the 1st SWCIC Korean Culture D..
Recruiting Participants for the 1st SWCIC Korean Culture Day 2019-Theme: Cherry Blossom in Suwon, City Tour-Time: April 6th 13:00~17:30-Meeting point: front of the tourism information center( Suwon st..
418 [Notice]Application for Withdrawal for Classes and

########
Rank: 28
Score: 34.19678
Retrieved Text: Last day a graduate student may register in absentia University residence halls open at 9:00 a. December 22 Saturday Official graduation date. See General Information , Academic Policies and Procedures, for details. Academic Calendar Monday, January 21, 2019 Martin Luther King Holiday Continuing Student Enrollment Monday, January 21, 2019 Continuing Student Enrollment ends 11:59 p. March 9 Saturday Intrasemester reports due in the deans' offices. January 9 - Enrollment Deadline.
Payment for added classes add bill due by 5:00 p. October 24 Wednesday Last day to apply for a law degree. To complete registration, undergraduate students must pay tuition by 5:00 p. Spring Semester 2019 January 10 Thursday Tuition payment deadline is 5:00 p. May 10 Friday Last class day except in the School of Law. August 22 Wednesday Orientation and testing begin for new freshmen students.
Tuition bills for the summer session distributed to students electronically. Tuition may be paid in full or in installments. Fund release dates are dependent on the selected refund option choice in the TigerEnrollment payment process. Tuition may be paid in full or in installments. See General Information section Academic Policies and Procedures and section Registration, Tuition, and Fees for details. University Health Services benefits become available to registered students. August 29 Wednesday Classes begin.
August 27 Monday Registration for the fall semester for new, readmitted, and continuing students who have not yet registered. Last day a law student may register in absentia. Fees for courses withdrawn do not apply to courses added after this date. November 16 Friday Last day to apply

########
Rank: 29
Score: 33.95679
Retrieved Text: What is the difference between the Leadership Experience Master’s Residency and the Undergraduate Internship?
Please see this chart to compare the two programs. If you have further questions, contact us to discuss further.
If I have questions, who can i ask?
You can reach us at residency@northpointministries.net.
Who is the residency program for?
The Residency Program is best suited for recent college graduates or early career potential leaders who are committed to attending seminary and pursuing vocational ministry with their degree.
How long is the Master’s Residency program?
This is a 22-month graduate residency program in partnership with DTS. Students in the residency program will be placed on a ministry team at one of our Atlanta-area churches while earning their master’s in Christian Leadership through DTS.
Will residents stay in the same ministry for the entire 22 months?
It’s likely students will have a review at 11 months and residents will have the opportunity to change ministries and managers based on what they’re learning.
Is the internship program limited to undergraduates?
The internship program will not be limited to undergrad students, but most participants are in their early twenties.
Is the residency program limited to postgraduates?
Yes, the residency program requires a 4-year undergraduate degree. The ideal participant is someone who is already seeking a post-graduate seminary degree and is planning to work in ministry. There is no age limitation, but most participants will be under the age of thirty.
Is there an age limit for the residency program?
The residency program is best suited for recent college graduates who are committed to attending seminary and pursuing vocational ministry with their

================



======= Instance Index 2165 =========
Input Text: Read the following conversation and answer the question.

W: Are there any long rivers in Africa?

M: Yes, for example, the River Nile is the longest fiver in the world.

W: Is it Egypt? I hear that it used to flood large areas. What about it today?

M: In order to control the flood and make electricity, people built the Aswan High Dam on the river.

W: Then it is another interesting place, isn't it?

Question: Why did Egyptians build Aswan High Dam? 

- In order to sail upstream.

- In order to control the flood.

- In order to attract visitors.

Target Text: In order to control the flood.

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 40.442986
Retrieved Text: Egypt is officially called the Arab Republic of Egypt. The Republic has 77,506,000 citizens. The capital is Cairo; other important cities are Alexandria, Port Said, Suez, Tanta and Aswan.
The Sinai Peninsula is the only part of Egypt located in Asia. This Peninsula becomes separated by the Suez Canal with the rest of Egypt.
The main geographical feature of the country is the River Nile, which runs south to north through Egypt. This river is 1,450 km long.
In the far south is the dam Nasser, a huge artificial lake that is maintained by the High Dam in Aswan.
West of the Nile is extremely arid Libyan (or Western) desert, a generally low populated area. The area consists mainly of sand dunes and barren rocky plains. The desert has a few oases, especially Siwah, Farafra and Kharga.
The vast majority of the population of Egypt lives in the valley and delta of the Nile, the rest of the country is sparsely populated (about 96% of the total land area of Egypt).
Most modern Egyptians are of a complex ethnic mix that comes from the ancient Egyptians, Berbers, sub-Saharan Africans, Arabs, Greeks, and Turks.
Arabic is the official language; many educated Egyptians also speak good English and French. Approximately 90% of the population is Muslim and most of the rest are Coptic Christians.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 39.321445
Retrieved Text: Every year heavy rains fall in eastern Africa at the sources of the Nile River. For many centuries this rainfall caused the river to rise and overflow its banks. When the floodwaters drained away, the silt they carried was left behind on the land. The rich silt acted as a natural fertilizer. The deep black color of the rich soil inspired the ancient Egyptians to call their home Kemet, or the Black Land.
For thousands of years farmers depended on the flooding of the Nile to make their farmland new again. The completion of the Aswan High Dam in 1972 changed the Egyptian way of life and Egyptian agriculture forever. The dam brought an end to the yearly flooding of the Nile River. Today Egyptians must use pumps, canals, and chemical fertilizers to keep the land suitable for farming.
In contrast to the Black Land, the dry and barren lands of the Sahara were known as Deshuret (deh»SHOOret), or the Red Land. The Nile River slices the eastern part of the Sahara in two. Today the land on the east side of the river is known as the Eastern Desert, or the Arabian Desert. The land on the west side is called the Western Desert.
Why was the annual flooding of the Nile River important to the Egyptians?
This is a very short Document and should be extended to at least 2 paragraphs per topic.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 35.252
Retrieved Text: Duration: 5 hours A day's sightseeing to the High Dam, which is an engineering miracle built in 1960. Then onto the Unfinished Oblisk which shows the techniques used by the ancient Egyptians to cut obelisks. Then move to visit the majestic Philae Temple.
Duration: 2 hours A relaxing 1 hour felucca ride in the Nile of Aswan is a must do thing for any visitor to this tranquil city. Visit the botanical garden which has rare plantations and the elephantine island with a felluca ( a typical Egyptian sailing boat).
Duration: 3 hours A thrilling and joyful visit to the Nubian Village in Soheil Island to experience the Nubian culture and its simple way of life.
Duration: 9 hours Activity runs: Early morning Pick up: centrally located Aswan Hotels A private tour to see the magnificent temples of Abu Simbel by a deluxe air-conditioned coach from Aswan. This tour provides you with a personalized Abu Simbel tour with a qualified Egyptologist as your guide. The Abu Simble temple with its four rock-hewn pharaohs, you'll agree that the Great Temple is one of the most impressive sites in Egypt, and the highlight of any trip to Egypt.
Duration: 6 hours A private tour to see the magnificent temples of Abu Simbel by flight from Aswan. This tour provides you with a personalized Abu Simbel tour with a qualified Egyptologist as your guide. The Abu Simble temple with its four rock-hewn pharaohs, you'll agree that the Great Temple is one of the most impressive sites in Egypt, and the highlight of any

########
Rank: 3
Score: 34.945114
Retrieved Text: 1) Found in northeast Africa, the Nile has long been recognised as the longest river in the world – stretching a massive 6,695km! There is some debate over this title, though – some scientists argue that the Amazon river in South America is longer.
2) The Nile is often associated with Egypt, but in fact, it flows through 11 countries: Tanzania, Uganda, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, Rwanda, Burundi, Ethiopia, Kenya, Eritrea, South Sudan, Sudan and Egypt.
3) This mighty river has two main tributaries (branches, or smaller rivers or streams) which meet to form ‘the Nile’. One tributary is called the White Nile, which starts in South Sudan, and the other is called the Blue Nile, which starts in Ethiopia.
4) The Blue Nile and White Nile merge together in the city of Khartoum in Sudan. From there, the river continues to flow north through Egypt and, finally, into the Mediterranean Sea.
6) But how did the Nile allow the Ancient Egyptians to farm on dry desert land? The answer is that the river flooded every August! And when it did, all the nutrient-rich soil carried in the water spread across the river banks, leaving a thick, moist mud… Perfect for growing crops!
7) The Nile no longer floods each year, however. This is because in 1970 the Aswan High Dam was built. This huge dam controls the flow of the river to generate electricity, irrigate (water) farms and provide homes with drinking water.
8) This fascinating river remains an invaluable source of life for Egyptians to this day. More

########
Rank: 4
Score: 33.797146
Retrieved Text: Best touristic places in Aswan , what are the touristic attractions in Aswan?
In Egypt, you can discover the best touristic places in Aswan. If you travel to Egypt, do not miss the touristic attractions in Aswan, but what are these attractions?
In this article, you are going to know the best touristic places in Aswan.
The Temple of Edfu or the Temple of Horus in Edfu is located in Egypt, Aswan. It is considered the second largest temple after the Karnak Temple and it represents one of the last attempts of the Ptolemaic Dynasty to build temples in the style of their ancestors.
The temple of Horus took about 180 years to be built. The temple of Edfu is one of the most beautiful temples in Egypt and is distinguished by its great construction and splendor.
It is unique among all the ancient Egyptian temples, as it is intact or almost complete, while most of the temples in Egypt are in bad condition, so it is considered one of the best touristic places in Aswan.
The temple dates back to the Ptolemaic era. Edfu is an important city in Upper Egypt and it enjoyed prosperity and stability during the Pharaonic era.
The city of Edfu is famous for its temple, which is considered one of the most beautiful and complete temples of Egypt because its elements are very integrated. The temple is rich in its large number of scenes and hieroglyphics texts that reflect the distinctive style of art.
The Edfu temple is one of the most important touristic attractions for tourists during

########
Rank: 5
Score: 33.61454
Retrieved Text: This artificial lake, which was created after the construction of the Aswan Dam, is more than 500 kilometers long of which 150 belong to the Sudan.
You can get a good perspective of the Lake from here without doing a cruise, though I would've liked to see crocodiles. Such a Vast expanse, it would be hard to cover all of it.
We explored and motored around the Modern Marvel - Lake Nasser below the New Dam. It’s fascinating how the previously rocky walled Nile Valley of Nubian Egypt was transformed into a monumental lake by the dam. Interesting.
If you live in a greener full of water country Lake Nasser is nothing special, but for a desert country like Egypt this is a big thing, huge achievement for sure. If you are in a guided tour it’s good to check it out.
Get quick answers from Lake Nasser staff and past visitors.
Are there any guaranteed Lake Nasser cruises, taking in Abu Simbel? Wild Frontiers were supposed to be running a Lake Nasser trip for new year - but both the this year's one and last year's one were cancelled due to lack of interest. Am planning a trip to Egypt early 2017 - to include a 'fly & flop' to the Red Sea - but would like to choose dates to encompass a Lake Nasser cruise from Aswan to Abu Simbel. Many thanks!
if you can bear with a lot of Egyptians families with kids running all over the place I recommend that you try booking between 25 January to 5

########
Rank: 6
Score: 33.251522
Retrieved Text: Early Morning Egypt Promotion Travel tour guide will pick you up from your hotel or Nile Cruise in Aswan to start your amazing Aswan Day tour to visit Aswan High Dam, Arabic Al-Sadd al-ʿĀlī is a rock-fill dam located at the northern border between Egypt and Sudan. The dam is fed by the River Nile and the reservoir forms Lake Nasser. Construction for the project began in 1960 and was completed in 1971. Aswan High Dam measures 111 m in height, 3,830 m in length, and has a base width of 980 m , Then proceed to visit the Philae Temple, The Temple of Isis ( is one of the greatest Temples in Egypt and it occupies about a quarter of the island. It is the main Temple on the island, with its huge complete pylons and beautiful scenes. After that move to Visit Unfinished Obelisk, One of the most famous stones left behind is the 'Unfinished' Obelisk, taller than any known obelisk ever raised. Quarrymen apparently abandoned the obelisk when fractures appeared in its sides. However, the stone, still attached to bedrock, gives important clues to how the ancients quarried granite. Much of the red granite used for ancient temples and colossi came from quarries in the Aswan area (500 miles south of Cairo). The Unfinished Obelisk still lies where a crack was discovered as it was being hewn from the rock, finish your tour and transfer back to your hotel or Nile Cruise in Aswan.
Entrance fees for Aswan High Dam , Philae Temple &

########
Rank: 7
Score: 33.231228
Retrieved Text: Breakfast on board, Early Sail to Esna, Lunch, Arrive Esna, Visit the temple of Esna dedicated to the creator god Khnum, Dinner, Overnight Esna.
Breakfast on board, Visit Kom Ombo temple dedicated to the crocodile god Sobek and the falcon-headed Horus the elder, Sail to Aswan, Lunch on a Nile island, (Herdiab), next Sail to an island prior Aswan island (Copania), Dinner & overnight on board.
Breakfast on island, Sail to Aswan, Visit the High Dam, the unfinished obelisk, lying in ancient granite quarries of Aswan, Then continue to Philae Temple, dedicated to the goddess Isis, being rescued from the rising waters of Lake Nasser at the time of the High Dam construction, Lunch, Visit the Nubian Museum, Dinner, Overnight in Aswan.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 33.20179
Retrieved Text: Aswan is a settlement on the first cataract of the Nile in Egypt. Two dams straddle the river at this point: the newer Aswan High Dam, and the older, smaller Aswan Dam or Aswan Low Dam.
Every year, the Nile floods in the summer. These floods brought nutrients and mineral that made the soil around the Nile so fertile-so ideal for farming. If it was a high-water year, the whole crop may be entirely wiped out, however. These floods were so very unpredictable that it was considered necessary to build a dam to control them..
The Nile is subject to an annual summer flood as waters from Ethiopia flow down the river. The banks of the river have been used in agriculture since antiquity and rely on the flood to provide and maintain fertility. As the population along the river grew there came the need to control the flood waters to protect farmland and cotton fields. The British began construction of the first dam in 1899 and it was completed in 1902. A gravity dam, it was 1,900 m long and 54 m high. The initial design was soon found to be inadequate and the height of the dam was raised in two phases, 1907-1912 and 1929-1933.
When the dam almost overflowed in 1946 it was decided that rather than raise the dam a third time a second dam would be built 6 km up-river. Proper planning began in 1952, just after the Nasser revolution, and at first the US was to help finance contruction with a loan of

########
Rank: 9
Score: 32.084576
Retrieved Text: Aswan is a winter resort full of ancient pharaonic monuments and ancient Egyptian sights such as Abu Simble temples, Isis temple on Philae island, Unfinished obelisk and numerous Pharaos tombs.High dam with its beautiful memorial and the hugest man-made Naser lake is also situated in Aswan.
Temple of Isis at Philae island.
Elephantine island excursion from Aswan.
View on Elephantine island from Aswan.
Anciently Aswan was called Swani or Swanet that means marketplace. The Greeks later called the area Serene, no other word describes this town so completely. For thousands of years Aswan had been a flourishing borderline market as a frontier station linking Egypt with Nubian and thus the richest of Africa. Aswan was a major terminal for trade and military expeditions. It was the capital of the first Nome (province) and it was the southern gate and therefore had great strategic and economic importance. Its rulers protected the city from marauding tribes and foreign rulers who eyed its wealth.
The surrounding land was rich in building materials: the Aswan quarries were the source of fine and coarse quality granite. Quartz, which were used for polishing stone, was mined from the so-called alabaster quarry north of Aswan and also from the western desert. In the eastern desert there were iron mines where red ochre was extracted for paint. And the largest sandstone quarry in Egypt was situated in Silsilla, further northwards. On the Eastern bank of Aswan we will find Granite Quarries which are situated in the eastern desert, directly to the south of Aswan. These are ancient quarries of

########
Rank: 10
Score: 31.694466
Retrieved Text: When sailing on the Nile, Aswan is as far as it gets. The passage onwards is blocked by the first cataract.At this important stop is the imperial city if Aswan.
All of you that have been to Egypt knows it is something special about the air, the smell, the dryness, it is the desert sand blowing or the smell from burnt wood fron the houses cooking dinner. Even the Nile itself has a unique smell to it. It is all hard to grasp.
During the pharaohnic period, Elephantine was the island for the Royal Palace. It got its name from the stones surrounding the island, looking just like elephants. When sailing round the island one can clearly see elephant bodies, trunks, ears, the back of the animal and some heads with eyes and ears. Some you can see in the picture above.
The Nile is one of few rivers flooding from soutn to north, in the ancient time the Egyptians therefor believed the southern part of the country was the nothern part. They called this part Upper Egypt. Lower Egypt was where Cairo and the Nile delta is today. Here, at the first Cataract you also have the Nubian border. On Elephantine the God Khnom was borne. He is also the God of the water and a very important God. Today on this island one can see some Nilometers, and ancient instrument used to calculate the crop as the river water rose and filled the Nilometer, the egyptians could see how big the flooding would be and how much

########
Rank: 11
Score: 31.413122
Retrieved Text: See the highlights of picturesque Aswan on a comprehensive tour with an expert Egyptologist guide. Traveling by air-conditioned vehicle, start with views of the Aswan High Dam, the massive 1960s structure built to counter the annual flooding of the Nile. Admire the dam and then see the Unfinished Obelisk, a gigantic, half-carved obelisk abandoned in its quarry by ancient quarrymen. Later, ride a boat to Philae Temple, renowned for its beautiful island location. Tour the magnificent courts, terraces and chambers dedicated to the goddess Isis before returning to Aswan proper.
Hotel, cruise ship or airport in Aswan.
Returns to original departure point at approximately 4pm.
The day begins at 8am, when your Egyptologist guide collects you from the airport, or your hotel or cruise ship, for a day tour of the stunning Nile-side city of Aswan. You'll travel by air-conditioned vehicle to view the Aswan High Dam, an engineering miracle built in the 1960s to control the flooding of the Nile.
Next on your itinerary is the Unfinished Obelisk, a part-carved obelisk abandoned in its quarry by ancient quarrymen: your guide will explain the techniques used by craftsmen to create these classic monuments. Most likely this obelisk was created for Queen Hatshepsut, the extraordinary female pharaoah who sometimes wore the traditional pharaoah's beard and built a vast temple on Luxor's West Bank.
After the Unfinished Obelisk, you'll transfer by road and boat to the green and beautiful island of Philae at the heart of the Nile. Here you'll explore the pylons, columns and courtyards of the stunning temple of Isis, the

########
Rank: 12
Score: 31.343681
Retrieved Text: Aswan, is the best winter in Egypt, the most enchanting in the world and the least expensive; beautiful scenery, peace and quiet temperate weather, warm and dry as well as an invigorating and healing sun. Situated on the eastern bank of the Nile, 900 km south of Cairo.
Aswan links Egypt with Sudan, it is the gate to the African continent, and is such an important commercial center. What gives Aswan a special importance is that the great past and the glorious present exist on its soil, while its High Dam augurs a floating and prosperous future.
High Dam-Temple of Philae Island unfinished Obelisks.
Excursion drive to the High Dam. After its visit proceed to the Granite Quarries, the unfinished Obelisks, and Old Aswan Dam for a motor – boat excursion to the Temple of Philae Island.
Excursion by sailing boat to Elephantine Island, visit the Old Nilometer, next proceed to the late Agha Khan III Mausoleum.
Drive to the Temple of Kalabsha, which has been dismantled and re-erected on a hill near the High-Dam site (Western Bank). Originally built by Toutmosis II and Amenophis II at Kalabsha, 40 miles south of Aswan, the Temple was restored during the Roman conquest.
Leave the hotel by private car, reaching Kom Ombo after one hour drive on the Upper Egypt Corniche and across the countryside. Visit the Temple of Kom Ombo which stands on high grounds overlooking the Nile. It differs from other temples by its double entrance, each of which is dedicated to divinity: "Haroeris" with his falcon head and " Sobec" with

########
Rank: 13
Score: 31.08125
Retrieved Text: The media circulated reports in early August that Moscow and Cairo had agreed on a contract to build Egypt’s first nuclear power plant. The Egyptian president’s official spokesman released a statement that «the Egyptian minister of electricity has presented the president with the final version of the contract to build the Dabaa nuclear plant [the site is not far from Alexandria – A.K.] and informed him that all the previously unresolved issues with the Russians have now been settled».
A package of contracts governing the nuclear plant is expected to be signed this year – an integrated EPC contract covering the engineering, procurement, and construction work, a contract to provide the fuel for the plant’s entire operational lifespan, a service contract, and a contract to eventually retire the plant (the back end of the fuel cycle) at the end of its planned service life. The contract to build the nuclear power plant is worth an estimated total of $25 billion, which just might make it one of the world’s biggest nuclear plant construction projects. Back on Nov. 19, 2015, Egypt and Russia also signed an agreement stipulating that Russia would offer Egypt a government loan to build the Dabaa nuclear plant.
The Egyptian media views the contract with Rosatom as extremely advantageous for Egypt in several ways. First of all, all the equipment for the plant will be entirely Russian-made, thus preventing any potential sabotage of the construction by outside countries. Second, Russia is not burdening the project with any political fine print. Third, some of the plant’s

########
Rank: 14
Score: 30.852505
Retrieved Text: Breakfast on board the train then transfer to your cruise in Aswan upon your arrival., Transfer to cruise by air-condition car. Embarkation, Visit Philae Temple was also dismantled and reassembled. High Dam, it was built in the1960s. Overnight in Aswan.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 30.745869
Retrieved Text: Abu Simbel is an archaeological site comprising two massive rock temples in southern Egypt on the western bank of Lake Nasser about 290 km southwest of Aswan. It is part of the UNESCO World Heritage Site known as the "Nubian Monuments", which run from Abu Simbel downriver to Philae (near Aswan). The twin temples were originally carved out of the mountainside during the reign of Pharaoh Ramesses II in the 13th century BC, as a lasting monument to himself and his queen Nefertari, to commemorate his alleged victory at the Battle of Kadesh, and to intimidate his Nubian neighbors. However, the complex was relocated in its entirety in the 1960s, on an artificial hill made from a domed structure, high above the Aswan dam reservoir.
The relocation of the temples was necessary to avoid their being submerged during the creation of Lake Nasser, the massive artificial water reservoir formed after the building of the Aswan dam on the Nile River. Abu Simbel remains one of Egypt's top tourist attractions.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 30.739096
Retrieved Text: Aswan, the southernmost city in Egypt, is the hub of all things granite, strategy and marketplace. That might not strike you as appealing, but the calm and relaxing views across the Nile and palm-dotted islands are a welcome distraction from our busy daily lives. Why not book your personal Egyptian tour to Aswan with our team at Little Pharaoh Tours?
We are a company dedicated to giving you personalised tours inside Egypt. Our tours span from the obvious places such as Cairo and Luxor to off-the-beaten-track destinations like Aswan. With its southerly location, the River Nile that runs alongside is relaxed and soothing unlike the madness of other cities in Egypt.
Our tours are run by English-speaking Egyptians who know where to find the best food, drink and sights in the city of Aswan. From the Ruins of Abu, the Tombs of the Nobles and Elephantine Island, you will see pre-dynastic artefacts and palm trees aplenty.
By choosing our team here at Little Pharaoh Tours, you will be getting the best of both worlds. Not only do you get to see the most beautiful parts of Egypt, but with someone who can teach you the history behind it.
To come and see the wonderful Aswan sunset with us, get in touch to find out more.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 30.729385
Retrieved Text: Abu Simbel is the site of two ancient temples located in Aswan, Egypt. At least, this is where they’re located now. But how they got here was no easy feat.
The ancient Egyptians built the two temples in the 13th Century BC under the reign of king Ramesses II (aka Ramses II). Many scholars believe that the temples commemorated the king’s victory at the Battle of Kadesh; a battle against the Hittite Empire in 1274 BC.
The figures are approximately 22 meters high! (Modesty was not a strong suit of the Egyptian pharaohs).
The temple was dedicated to three gods: Amon Re, Re Horakhte and Ptah. Amon Re and Re Horakhte were both sun gods. Amon Re was the king of the gods and creator of all things, and Re Horakhte was associated with the rising and setting sun. The third god, Ptah, was the god of craftsmen as well as the Underworld and rebirth.
Two days out of the year, around February 22 and October 22, (dates vary with the reference, some say it’s on the 21st) the morning sun shines through the entrance of the temple into the inner sanctuary. February 22 was celebrated as Ramesses II’s birthday, while October 22 was celebrated as the date of his coronation.
Every year, thousands of tourists still come out to watch the sun pierce the inner sanctuary. The sunlight illuminates the seated figures of Ramesses II, Amon Re and Re Horakhte inside. By design, the figure of Ptah remains in darkness all year round.
Ramesses II devoted the smaller temple to his

########
Rank: 18
Score: 30.563576
Retrieved Text: It’s not often that one can point to a physical object at a specific geographical location in the contemporary world, and identify it as being the focus of a biblical prophecy that was written long before Christ. Yet, that is exactly what we can do in the case of a remarkable manmade edifice in Egypt that didn’t exist until 1970. It is a 230-foot tower, called the “Lotus Tower,” because it is topped by the five petals of the lotus blossom. The tower was designed as a token of Arab-Russian friendship, its five petals perhaps signifying the five pillars of the Islamic faith. It is only 49 years old, yet Ezekiel referred to it by name … twice.
In the 29th and 30th chapters of his prophecy, “the tower of Syene” is mentioned as a landmark that is specifically related to the fulfillment of latter-day prophecy. In fact, this prophecy is profoundly powerful, sounding the death knell of Egypt.
We have written about the current crisis in Egypt, which began with street riots in 2010, followed by Hosni Mubarak’s resignation early in 2011. This was followed by another coup, the assumption of power by the Muslim Brotherhood and more Islamic riots, finally resulting in the rise to power of Abdel Fattah el-Sisi in June of 2014. Egypt, like other countries in the Mideast, continues to experience uprisings and internal dissent. As this is written, war clouds surround Egypt in every direction.
In this context, we have long studied a graphic prophecy in Ezekiel 29 and 30 that summons up

########
Rank: 19
Score: 30.510431
Retrieved Text: Situated at the southern end of Lake Nasser’s wide expanse of calm, green-blue waters, Abu Simbel is one of the most remarkable temple sites in Egypt. Originally carved out of a mountain on the west bank of the Nile in the 13th Century BC, the temples with its four colossal statues of Ramses II were designed as an awesome sentinel watching over any boats sailing into the pharaoh’s lands from the south.
Why visit Abu Simbel ?
With the construction of the Aswan High Dam and the consequent creation of Lake Nasser, the temples would have been lost were it not for the UNESCO project to resurrect them above the new high water level.
Day excursions to Abu Simbel by road or air are possible from Cairo, Luxor or Aswan, or else you can visit the monuments as part of a Lake Nasser cruise.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 30.424297
Retrieved Text: Enjoy a private 2 days Luxor & Aswan tours from Hurghada to discover the ancient Egyptian civilization in upper Egypt, cast your eyes on the Valley of the Kings, Karnak temple, Queen Hatshepsut temple, visit the High Dam, Unfinished Obelisk and Philae temple, then catch the train to Luxor & transfer to Hurghada by air-conditioned vehicle. Book now!
Private Egyptologist tour guide during your journey.
2 Lunch meals during your journey.
In the morning time, we will pick you up from your hotel in Hurghada to transfer by a private modern A.C. car to Luxor to start your private 2 days Luxor & Aswan tours from Hurghada.
It was built across the Nile at Aswan and was constructed between 1960 and 1970, the High Dam has had a significant effect on the economy and culture of Egypt.
Finally, have your lunch, after that move to Aswan train station to catch a 1st class train back to Luxor, upon arrival to Luxor transfer to your hotel by a private air-conditioned car to end your Luxor & Aswan tours from Hurghada.
We had an excellent tour of Luxor with our guide Marian Azer who took us to the Valley of the Kings, Karnak Temple, Temple of Hatshepsut and Collosus of Memnon. Our guide Marian was extremely knowledgeable and was able to answer all our questions. Marian looked after us from start to finish making sure we always had plenty of water and refreshments. We felt very comfortable at all times with our guide Marian as she was very friendly and was able to bring

########
Rank: 21
Score: 30.324036
Retrieved Text: Cruise sailing experience between Luxor and Aswan.
Luxor Temple, Karnak Temple, Queen Hatshepsut's Temple, Valley of the Kings, Memnon Colossi, Edfu Temple, Kom Ombo Temple, Philae Temple, Aswan High Dam and Unfinished Obelisk.
Enjoy a memorable life experience with your family and friends. The Nile River has been Egypt’s lifeblood since old ages and there is no better way to discover Egypt than to follow the course of the Nile on board MS Concerto Nile Cruise, one of the largest and most luxurious vessels on the River Nile between Luxor and Aswan.
The tour will be private with a private air-conditioned vehicle and an expert Egyptologist tour guide. All sightseeing tours are private.
Free Cancellation up to days in advance.
Pay only 50% of the price to save your booking and the rest of payment upon arrival.
This cruise is available in Christmas and Easter holidays with a different price.
– Visit the High Dam, Philae Temple and Unfinished Obelisk.
– Oriental Show “Gallabia Party”.
– Sailing To Luxor & Arrive Luxor Approximately At 08:00 Am.
– Visit The Valley of the Kings and Queens, The Temple of Queen Hatshepsut at El-Deir El-Bahari and the Colossi of Memnon.
– Disembarkation at 08:00 am.
– Sail on the Nile by Felucca around Kitchener’s island.
– Transfer to Aswan APT or train station.
Sun Deck & Swimming pool.
Bathroom with bathtub, hair dryer and telephone.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 30.297588
Retrieved Text: There are about 450 Nile cruises sail between Luxor and Aswan. They are different in quality and programs. Some very little number of cruises with small drafts can sail between Aswan and Cairo in fixed days of the year when the level of the water is very high.
All the cruises we serve and book through them are five stars and five stars deluxe with very good quality of services and food.
Standard five stars, as M.S Princess Sarah etc.
Deluxe five stars, as M.S Premium, etc.
Ultra deluxe five stars, as M.S Oberoei Zahra, etc.
Above categories are according to Egyptian Standards.
Since few boats are operating due to lack of tourists numbers, we will recommend you the best available Nile cruises or you can choose one particular cruise and we will book it for you.
We also provide Lake Nassir cruises, between Abu Simbel and High Dam, for four nights, from High dam to Abu Simbel, and three nights from Abu Simbel to High dam.
M/S OMAR KHYAM (LAKE NASSIR).
M/S PRINCESS ABBAS (LAKE NASSIR).
M/S NUBIAN SEA (LAKE NASSIR).
And some other Nile cruises.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 30.041157
Retrieved Text: Cairo and Egypt Nile Cruise by Flight 08 days / 07 nights of great experiences in and around Cairo allowing you to among others see the Great Pyramids, the Sphinx, the Egyptian Museum, Citadel of Saladin and a ride in the Khan El Khalili bazaar. You will also experience Luxor West Bank and East Bank and Aswan Sightseeing Philae Temple, High Dam & Unfinished Obelisk on a private tour.
Luxury Cairo & Nile Cruise by Air 12 days / 11 nights of great experiences in and around Cairo allowing you to among others see the Great Pyramids, the Sphinx, the Egyptian Museum, Old Coptic Cairo and a ride in the Khan El Khalili bazaar. You will also experience Luxor West Bank and East Bank and Aswan Sightseeing Philae Temple, High Dam & Unfinished Obelisk on a private tour.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 29.89042
Retrieved Text: HOME IMPROVEMENT: SPLURGEORSAVE? We’ve likely all heard that in home improvement, the best way to stay on budget is to create a balance between splurging and saving. But which items should you actually splurge on? Flooring? Lighting? Appliances? The answer may surprise you! High-quality paint. Sure, you can get super cheap paint and slap on a few layers. But you’ll find you need to repaint more often, which defeats the purpose of saving in the first place.
Wood floors. The average cost of hardwood is three times more expensive than budget options like linoleum or vinyl. But the warmth and beauty of wood floors is unparalleled. Plus, they’re a huge selling feature should you decide to put your home up for sale. Well-made cabinets. It’s best to spend more on things you interact with everyday. Kitchen cabinets that fall off their hinges and drawers that stick will have you wishing you would have spent more. Durable countertops. Again, your countertops are likely something you use everyday. And because they’re so highly visible, you don’t want them to show the daily wear and tear. Invest in granite or quartz and your counters will not only be durable – they’ll be beautiful.
just as well as their more expensive counterparts, while still looking good.
Rwanda, Burundi, Ethiopia, Kenya, Eritrea, Kenya, South Sudan, Sudan and Egypt. 3. Until 1970 – when the Aswan High Dam was built – the Nile flooded every August, which allowed for Ancient Egyptians to grow crops in the desert.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 29.672182
Retrieved Text: Take the chance to enjoy a wonderful experience accompanied by an expert tour guide for 4 Nights/5 days Nile Cruise from Marsa Alam to discover ancient Egyptian civilization along the Nile River where you will visit Luxor temple, Karnak temple, Valley of the Kings, Queen Hatshepsut temple, then sailing to Edfu temple & Kom Ombo temple. Finally visit Aswan High Dam, the Unfinished Obelisk, and Philae temple, then we drive you back to Marsa Alam. Book Now!
Saturday / Monday / Thursday.
Pick up services from Marsa Alam & return.
Four night accommodation at 5* Nile Cruise based on Full board.
Mineral water on board the vehicle during your trip.
The temple dedicated to goddess Isis of Love and beauty. The temple complex was dismantled and relocated to nearby Agilkia Island as part of the UNESCO Nubia Campaign project, protecting this and other complexes before the 1970 completion of the Aswan High Dam. Overnight on board.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 29.620401
Retrieved Text: Often sitting in the shadow of Luxor due to it’s famous sites, Aswan is unique in it’s own right having the wonderful Nubian culture of colour and history, along with contemporary modern structures such as the Aswan high Dam which mixes with the old Pharaonic history such as Philae Temple, the Unfinished Obelisk and more. Nubian villages light up the West Bank of Aswan with their colourful houses, whilst the City of Aswan has its delightful market with the sweet smell of incense and herbs. Aswan is a very special City which combines the beauty of the Nile Valley and the mysteries of Ancient Egypt Temples. Memphis Tours provides you here with a complete catalog of Aswan's famous sights, history, location, what to do and where to go and everything you would need to know about the first city of Nubia from the Egyptian side.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 29.582684
Retrieved Text: Have a blissful day sightseeing tour in Cairo. Start your tour from Aswan taking the train to Cairo. Visit the great Giza Pyramids, the Sphinx, the Egyptian Museum, Old Cairo and Khan El Khalili Bazaar.
Experience overnight felucca trip in Aswan, during our 2 days felucca Cruise trip in Aswan, you’ll sleep in the open air on the deck of the Nile felucca boat. Softly sloshing water and wind whipping at the sail will be the only sounds that break the silence of the night.
.Take the chance and visit Aswan and seeing its architectural heritage. Visit The Nubian land which is known as the land of gold. You can go to the west of Aswan where the native Nubians are living and visit the Nubian village.
Take the chance and visit Aswan and seeing its architectural heritage. Visit The Nubian land which is known as the land of gold. You can go to the west of Aswan where the native Nubians are living and visit the Nubian village.
Drive from Marsa Alam to Aswan. Spend the fist day visiting Philae Temple, Unfinished Obelisk and the High Dam around Aswan. Stay overnight and then head to Abu Simbel in the morning before returning to Marsa Alam.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 29.417278
Retrieved Text: In 1952 it became clear that the Aswan dam cannot provide more than need of Egypt and does not guarantee reliable protection against mass hunger. Naser promised to build the latest high-rise dam in 6 kilometres up on the river which will give to Egypt the future, will lead to development of new sectors of the industry and will send the electric power to each village. When under the pressure of the United States the Global bank has refused to grant the promised loan, Naser has carried out nationalisation of the Suez Canal to receive means for a project embodiment, and has addressed for the help to the USSR. Construction of a dam (1960-1971) proceeded and after his death, as well as an era of the Soviet-Egyptian cooperation. When in the late eighties Egypt has decided to establish more powerful turbine generators, he has bought them from America – then it has become clear that with Russian there were less troubles. At present for implementation of the new huge project in Toshka whom someone called «A playground for engineers», the West European contractors are invited.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 29.408007
Retrieved Text: Cairo :- At 08:00 am Full day visit of the Great Pyramids of Giza, Sphinx, papyrus fair, perfume factory and cotton shop. Continue visits of the Egyptian Museum and Khan El Khalili Bazaar(tour end at around 04:00 pm). Overnight in Cairo.
Cairo/Aswan :- After breakfast, transfer to Cairo Domestic Airport to take your flight to Aswan. Arrival to Aswan Airport, greeted by our representative. Visit the Philae Temple, High Dam and unfinished Obelisque. After visits transfer to your hotel for check-in. Overnight in Aswan.
Aswan/ Abu Simbel / Aswan :- After breakfast. transfer by A/C vehicle to Abu Simbel. ( around 03:30 h driving). Visits Temple of Abu Simbel. After visits transfer back to Aswan. Overnight at Hotel.
Aswan / Luxor :- Checkout after breakfast. Direct transfer by our A/C vehicle to Luxor (around 04 hours driving). Arrival to Luxor Check-in your hotel. Afternoon Visit Karnak Temple, and Luxor Temple. Overnight in Luxor.
Luxor :- Possibility to do optional tour Hot Air Balloon t around 04:00 am pick up time. After breakfast. Visit Valley of Kings, Queen Hatchepsut Temple and Colossi of Memnon. Overnight in Luxor.
Luxor / Cairo /Final Departure :- Check-out after breakfast, transfer to Luxor airport to take your flight to Cairo. Arrival to Cairo Domestic airport and connection to Cairo International Airport for final departure.
02 nights accommodation in Aswan on bed and breakfast basis (standard room).
02 nights accommodation in Luxor on bed and breakfast basis (standard room).

================



======= Instance Index 798 =========
Input Text: Read the following conversation and answer the question.

M: Did you know this: after almost ten years in the United States, with such a strong accent.

W: Yes, but he is proud of it. He says it is a part of his identity.

Question: What does the conversation tell us about Mr. Li? Li still speaks English. 

- His English is still poor after ten years in America.

- He doesn't mind speaking English with an accent.

- He doesn't like the way Americans speak.

Target Text: His English is still poor after ten years in America.

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 40.401382
Retrieved Text: Mr. Li is a highly trained patent professional with experience working for a law firm in the United States. This is evident from his perfect English and his very American legal style.
Mr. Li graciously received Mr. Moetteli, founder of Great Wall IP and China Sinda client prior to his joining up with the People to People Ambassador Programs US Patent China delegation in September 2006. "Gracious" considering that Mr. Moetteli informed China Sinda of his desire to visit with only two hours warning.
According to Mr. Moetteli, Mr. Li is a calibur of Chinese patent professional that can rival any of his US counterparts. It is our hope at Great Wall IP, that Mr. Li and China Sinda will, like CCPIT, provide them with further information about their firm, as well as articles on China IP topics of interest, in order to enhance the websites offerings.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 39.08935
Retrieved Text: Yang Li: Hi, and welcome to The English We Speak, with me Yang Li. I'm in a very crowded bar, trying to get served.
Barman: Hi, are you next?
Barman: What are you after?
Barman: OK, I know that. What are you after?
Yang Li: I'm after... eh? I'm after... the person before me?
Barman: Don't try to be funny. What are you after?
Yang Li: Sorry barman, I'm really confused - I mean, just a minute... I know you! You're not a barman. Aren't you our presenter, Finn?
Barman: Yes, it's me. Just earning a little extra money!
Yang Li: I thought so! Very nice bar you have here. OK - what normally happens in this programme is we explain an idiomatic English expression. So, why do you keep asking me what I'm after?
A: Hello, what are you after?
B: I'd like a glass of white wine please.
Yang Li: OK, I get it now! I'm after a pint of ale, please.
Barman: Of course, Li. This one's on the house! Shh... just don't tell the boss.
Yang Li: Cheers Finn (drinks).
Barman: While Li is drinking, let me tell you – if you're after more English slang expressions - keep listening to The English We Speak, and check out our website bbclearningenglish.com.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 38.238426
Retrieved Text: For years he was known as the son of "superman" but Victor Li stepped out of his powerful father's shadow this week by showing he will not shy away from the mega-deals that created one of Hong Kong's most powerful dynasties.
Mr Li, the 53-year-old son of tycoon Li Ka-shing, is the mastermind behind the $13 billion takeover bid for Australia's largest gas pipeline operator, APA Group.
A successful deal will not only cement his family's infrastructure and real estate empire's grip on Australia's energy sector but will determine whether Mr Li has what it takes to repeat his father's success as one of Asia's greatest dealmakers.
If he pulls it off, the APA bid will be his signature deal – his first major play since his father handed over the reigns of the family business in March this year. Like the pressure facing James Packer and the Murdochs, Mr Li had big shoes to fill when he inherited his father's empire. Many investors saw him as a safe pair of hands who would focus on cutting costs rather than a risky deal-maker.
"It is a family business that is built on this type of acquisition. Arguably it's genetic. Like father, like son," says one source with knowledge of the Hong Kong-based family.
Living under his father's shadow has not been the only challenge for Mr Li. In May 1996, he was kidnapped by a notorious Hong Kong crime boss on his way home from work on Hong Kong Island. Despite its low crime rate, kidnappings were not uncommon in Hong

########
Rank: 3
Score: 37.921154
Retrieved Text: China has reacted angrily to a US ban on seafood products, after American authorities claimed they included antibiotics banned in the US.
The head of China's health inspection watchdog, Li Changjian, called the ban indiscriminate and unacceptable.
The US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) said on Thursday it would stop shipments of catfish, basa, shrimp, dace and eel.
It is the latest in a number of US warnings about Chinese products.
Mr Li urged the US to "properly deal with the problem as soon as possible".
He had a phone conversation with US Health Secretary Mike Leavitt, urging the US to deal with the issue.
The ban is not imposed on food which has already been imported into the US, only future shipments.
In what is thought to be a response to the US move, Chinese authorities this week seized two shipments of American food, saying they were substandard.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 37.303577
Retrieved Text: Mr. Feng Li is Independent Director of the company. Mr. Feng Li previously served as our director from November 2014 to May 2016. Mr. Feng Li is the founder and chief executive officer of Shanghai Ziyou Investment Management Limited, also known as FreeS Fund, a venture capital firm that primarily invests in early and growth stage startups in China and overseas, focusing on fintech, artificial intelligence and biotech industries. Prior to founding FreeS Fund, Mr. Li worked as a partner of China TMT investment department at IDG Capital, a global network of private equity and venture capital firms. Prior to that, Mr. Li served as deputy vice president of New Oriental, a leading English teaching and learning school in China. Mr. Li currently serves as a board member of several private internet and technology companies based in China. Mr. Li received his bachelor's degree in Chemistry from Peking University in 1996 and his master's degree in Chemistry from the University of Rochester in the United States in 1998.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 37.01542
Retrieved Text: Looking at the beautiful Jiang Qini, Liu Yi’s forehead starts to be covered in cold sweat.
But if it brings along life-threatening dangers, then it is no longer interesting.
Liu Yi’s power is surging at it’s maximum speed, waiting for the upcoming battle with her.
Liu Yi takes a deep breath as the Mysterious Ice Qi starts to gather in his right hand again.
Damn! If you gave me a few years, what can an eight stars do to me!
Liu Yi is not convinced in his heart.
A black shadow slowly rises up from Liu Yi’s shadow and appears in front of Jiang Qini.
When she saw that shadow, Jiang Qini got so frightened that she retreated a number of steps.
Li Biyue stands in front of Liu Yi and says faintly.
As she speaks, she turns around and looks at Liu Yi. “There is no need to worry.
This eye expression is very warm and allows people to feel relieved.
But Liu Yi is a bit unwilling, after all which guy enjoys being protected by a woman ah!
Damn it! In the end, it is my personal strength that is still too low!
Such a pity that school is starting soon, otherwise I can spend more time practicing in the gravity room!
If I can persevere on more, just a while more, perhaps I might be able to break through to four stars very quickly!
I’ll be damned! This is also possible?!
But currently, Liu Yi does not have time to discuss more with Little Jade about the gravity system as he is watching Li Biyue and Jiang Qini.
Older sister

########
Rank: 6
Score: 36.837494
Retrieved Text: You’re reading novel The Demonic King Chases His Wife: The Rebellious Good-for-Nothing Miss Chapter 1365 online at LightNovelFree.com. Please use the follow button to get notification about the latest chapter next time when you visit LightNovelFree.com. Use F11 button to read novel in full-screen(PC only). Drop by anytime you want to read free – fast – latest novel. It’s great if you could leave a comment, share your opinion about the new chapters, new novel with others on the internet. We’ll do our best to bring you the finest, latest novel everyday. Enjoy!
Mo family didn’t take Li Yaoyao back to Mo family, rather, they sent her back to Jade Lake's Li family. Because at that time, Li Yaoyao's situation was very bad, if she was to die in Mo family's people's hands, then it might have caused a huge misunderstanding between Li family and Mo family.
Actually, Mo family's people really wanted to kill Li Yaoyao on the spot, so like this, wouldn't Mo family be the only people who knew that Su Luo's blood had the ability to revive the dead from human bones?
However, don't know what Li Yaoyao had said that made their heart shake in fear, not daring to lift a hand against her. Finally, they obediently sent her back to Jade Lake's Li family.
Li Yaoyao was seriously hurt.
Although Nangong Liuyun's. .h.i.t didn’t kill her directly, but it did cause severe internal damage to her heart and lungs.
Since returning to Jade Lake's Li family, Li Yaoyao directly sunk into a coma and still hadn't

########
Rank: 7
Score: 36.479343
Retrieved Text: I once read an inspiring story online. It was about a girl in China named Li-Li. She got married and moved into her husband’s home. Her mother-in-law was also staying there.
Li-Li and her mother-in-law weren’t getting along. They were always fighting and arguing. Unfortunately for Li-Li, it was customary for her to bow to her mother-in-law’s whims and obey her every command. Her husband was not happy with the fact that they were always fighting.
One day, Li-Li had had enough. She went to a man named Mr. Huang and told him she wanted a permanent solution to her mother-in-law. So Mr. Huang decided to give her poison. But he told her that he wouldn’t give her a quick killing poison so people wouldn’t suspect Li-Li of killing her. Rather, he would give her the one which would slowly build up in her body before finally killing her. Then he advised her to act nicely towards her mother-in-law and obey all her commands as that would remove any suspicion directed towards her.
Li-Li went home and did as she was told to. She started to behave nicely towards her mother-in-law and she began to respect her. This made her mother-in-law change her attitude towards her too and they began to get along. They became close and her mother-in-law was always praising Li-Li saying she was the best daughter-in-law ever. Her husband was very happy with the change.
Some time later, Li-Li went back to Mr. Huang and she told him she needs his help for she does not want

########
Rank: 8
Score: 35.15634
Retrieved Text: Hi, I recently read this sentence: "...has ceased one year shy of its 120th anniversary". What does shy mean in this sentence? And is that a special usage of the word shy?
This week Li and Natalie look into the different meanings of the word shy.
Usually quiet people are described as shy, but in English the word 'shy' can be used in many different ways, even to describe the movement of a horse.
Do you know what the word shy means in these sentences?
She is one year shy of her 18th birthday.
What is Yang Li so afraid of?
I shy away from singing in public.
I hope they don't describe us as work-shy.
Listen to the programme to find out if you are right. You will also hear an unusual guest and find out who is camera-shy in the BBC Learning English China Team.
If you have a question you would like to ask our team, email us at questions.chinaelt@bbc.co.uk. We might make a programme about your question.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 35.095234
Retrieved Text: Yiyun Li meets life’s deepest sorrows as she imagines a conversation between a mother and dead child named Nikolai in a timeless world. Composed in the months after Li lost a child to suicide.
Where Reasons End belongs to a band of books produced in the forge of intense pain; their authors, aristocrats of suffering—think of The Year of Magical Thinking and Blue Nights, Joan Didion’s memoirs of the deaths of her husband and daughter in close succession ... For Li, to apply her own language to suicide means to understand suicide as the most private of decisions, to address it without cheap sentiment or condemnation ... As the title alerts us, this book takes place in a territory beyond reason, in all its connotations—beyond explanation or understanding. The mother does not require them.
What did you think of Where Reasons End?

########
Rank: 10
Score: 34.895943
Retrieved Text: “Smart!” Sima You Yue gave him a look of praise.
When they came to the palace where the wine party was held, Sima You Yue saw that most of those from the younger generation had attended. Amongst the numerous guests, she recognised Murong An’s silhouette at a glance.
At this moment, Murong An was currently telling Shi Mo Li something. He was probably explaining why he had left earlier. As for Nalan Lan and the Nalan Clan, another woman was holding on to a wine glass talking to others not far away. Her eyes would occasionally drift over to where Murong An was, observing their conversation.
Sima You Yue captured everyone’s attention the moment she entered. When they thought about how she was always a waste, but had become a genius just like that, everyone felt extremely weird about it.
However, feeling weird was one thing. Wherever a genius walked, they would be praised by others. As a result, many wanted to seize this opportunity to form some ties with her.
Sima You Yue had neither the desire nor energy to entertain those people. She had absolutely no interest in them. Very quickly, many tactfully decided not to disturb her again.
Murong An, Shi Mo Li and Nalan Lan naturally all realised that Sima You Yue had returned. There were traces of resentment within the gazes they used, to look at Sima You Yue.
He was clearly a waste, so how did he manage to become a precious Alchemist?!
Shi Mo Li saw Sima You Yue and almost shattered the wine glass in her

########
Rank: 11
Score: 34.858665
Retrieved Text: The surrounding youngsters laughed hard enough to echo inside the reception hall.
Shen Fei, feeling extremely awkward, had his smile frozen on his face.
An indescribable chill lingered around the surroundings.
That domineering declaration of Huyan Lanruo isn’t in tune with her clothes, no matter how you look at her. The current Huyan Lanruo is like a queen. Her gaze swept across those that laughed at her earlier. Seeing her gaze, they all held their laughing back.
d.a.m.n, Huyan Lanruo still has that tigress character of hers. Whoever marries her is signing their own death certificate.
My Nie Li? Since when did Nie Li become yours?
The surrounding people looked at each other. Recently, Nie Li has been standing in the limelight of Glory City. They never heard of Huyan Lanruo and Nie Li getting together.
“Nie Li?” Ye Han was slightly puzzled. It’s the first time that he has heard of this name. Ever since his return, he has only met with Ye Zong and didn’t hear Ye Zong mentioning Nie Li.
Ye Han roughly understood what kind of person this Nie Li is. He reached 5-star Silver rank at only fourteen years old, this cultivation speed is simply too frightening. When Ye Han was sixteen, he had already reached 1-star Gold rank; however, when he was fourteen, he’s still at bronze rank.
Unless it’s someone precocious, the common golden period of cultivation is around fourteen to twenty two years old. During this period of time, a person’s cultivation soared the fastest. Reaching 5-star Silver rank at fourteen years old, aside from being extraordinary

########
Rank: 12
Score: 34.83131
Retrieved Text: Facing Ghost Li, although Mr Ghost still had not emerged from that coffin but clearly he had became much serious, that faint point of ghost fire in mid-air, gradually became larger, casting the surrounding people’s faces green.
Ghost Li stared at that ball of green, his face expressionless, suddenly stepped forward. Almost at the same time Ghost Li moved, that ball of ghost fire, as if stimulated, suddenly flared but this time it did not divide itself into the five-stars formation, instead it suddenly rose, creating a gust of strong wind with it, the dust in the mortuary fell in showers. Zhou YiXian and the rest were caught unaware, one by one started to rub their eyes.
And at this increasingly tensed situation, the unearthly atmosphere in the air, looked like it was about to activate some mysterious strange spell. Ghost Li facing this mysterious Mr Ghost, dared not let his guard down and was on high alert, suddenly he raised his eyebrows, his body lifted abruptly into the air, almost at the same time, a rumble emitted from below the house, the entire house quaked violently, like the mountain was moving.
A huge and pale skeleton giant arm broke through the flagstones, heavily smashed down on where Ghost Li was standing previously, the black brick stones on the ground smashed into pieces, broken pieces flying. The entire room at the moment was engulfed in ghosts’ howling cries, Ghost Li in mid-air, that skeleton arm seemed to be manipulated by some mysterious power, sprang up and charged towards Ghost

########
Rank: 13
Score: 34.738884
Retrieved Text: Our first email today comes from Nhat Minh in Vietnam. He wrote about the program, "Beauty and Perfection: Wabi Sabi." In that program, we discussed the Japanese idea of wabi sabi. It is a way of seeing beauty in simplicity and imperfection, including the beauty of nature. And it is much more!
"I think that everyone can see and feel "wabi-sabi" every day, if he can take a short time to live for himself. For example, watching the sun rise in the early morning, or listening to birds' songs, or watching small insects looking for food."
"There are many ideas in life which limit our ability to feel and enjoy beauty. For example, many people think that costly clothes are beautiful. They think that these clothes will make them beautiful. But this is not true. Beauty in clothes comes from how they are combined together. That "how" comes from a person's own style, his sense of color and feelings."
Thank you for sharing your ideas about wabi sabi. It is truly an idea that all of us can use in our lives!
In the last month, listeners have also had a lot to say on our website. They shared comments on our five love language series, Flying Help, Women Taxi Drivers, and many other programs.
One of the most popular discussions was on "Crazy English". Li Yang teaches English in China. But he uses a very unusual method of teaching! The classes are very large – they include thousands of people. And everyone shouts words together. They also use physical movements

########
Rank: 14
Score: 34.69965
Retrieved Text: In spring daylight begins early. One morning, Li Yun saw the door of her daughter’s bedroom opposite was still closed after she got up. She thought to herself: Xiaoyu must have stayed up last night until midnight. She, only 30 years old, is so tired with working that she has no time to study the Bible. She is too busy. She has to go to work early this morning. I don’t know if she has the time to study together with me. Well, I entrust her to the Lord. She folded the quilts neatly, and placed the Bible on the bed. Then she opened the window, and a breeze was blowing against her face. How comfortable it was! In the tree outside, someone’s birds were fluttering up and down, twittering in the cage. Then, her daughter came out of her bedroom, saying: “Mum, you’re up.” Li Yun said: “I’ve been up for a while. Why did you stay up late last night?” Her daughter answered: “I did some reading.” Li Yun asked: “What book did you read?” She answered: “I read a spiritual book.” Li Yun said: “Oh. Let’s get washed quickly, and then read the Bible together.” Then they began to bustle about.
Li Yun became speechless. She began to blame her daughter, saying: “How can you give me a question after you have read several chapters of the Bible?” Although she blamed her daughter, she found her words were reasonable. Aren’t the voices uttered by the seven thunders God’s words? Since they hadn’t been written,

########
Rank: 15
Score: 34.67242
Retrieved Text: “Ziyun, move out of the way!” Nie Li solemnly said. He released the potential within his soul realm, his soul force reached its peak.
Feeling the majestic force from Nie Li’s body, Ye Zong’s eyes had a hint of surprise flash across. How old is Nie Li? To actually reach such a level, and suppress his aura. This kind of talent does indeed cause others to be surprised. However, his eyes were still coldly staring at Nie Li.
“Nie Li, no! Please, I beg you both!” Ye Ziyun’s face was filled with tears.
“Brat, do you know what you’re saying now? You’re seeking death! How dare you be so presumptuous in front of me?!” Ye Zong became more furious. He let out a snort, and waves of soul force surged from his body, a more powerful soul force pressed towards Nie Li from all directions.
Nie Li’s soul force was continuously bombarding against Ye Zong’s soul force, causing explosions in the air.
Nie Li was once again, sent flying. Wounds covered his body.
If he used the Soul Reversal technique, both sides would surely sustain injuries. Nie Li didn’t want to do it as he doesn’t want Ye Ziyun to be heart broken. After all, he is the father of Ye Ziyun!
“One year? You think that you can defeat a Black Gold rank Demon Spiritualist in one year?” Ye Zong looked at Nie Li, coldly laughing, his mouth hung a strong disdain.
Nie Li’s soul force dispersed. The three pairs of wings on his back also broke apart. His internal organs shifted, but

########
Rank: 16
Score: 34.653034
Retrieved Text: Halifax Fan began manufacturing industrial fans in 1965; its factory in West Yorkshire, England, with fewer than 75 workers, produces heavy-duty machinery for customers like power plants, food processors and pharmaceutical makers. But in recent years, the company noticed more and more of its products were being made for use in Asia.
York Li, operations manager for Halifax Fan in Shenzhen, inspects some fan parts in the company’s factory.
The company turned to York Li, an English-speaking Chinese engineer who was a former colleague of one of Halifax’s managers. In 2005, he signed on with Halifax and spent the next year working out of his apartment in China, investigating business regulations, handling paperwork, talking to government officials and looking for a suitable manufacturing site.
Halifax investigated various cities in China to figure out where to set up a plant. "Many cities were interested until they found out we didn’t want to put in $1 million of registered capital,” said Mr. Staff, recalling offers of tax abatement and cheap rent from government officials. The company instead wanted to put in about $150,000 in registered capital because, Mr. Staff said, it did not have a lot to spend.
Ultimately, Shenzhen’s proximity to Hong Kong and the ease of shipping from its port persuaded Halifax to establish operations there.
In late 2006, the company received approval from the city authorities to register as a wholly owned foreign enterprise. Then Mr. Li began outfitting the rented factory floor and hiring workers. The initial plan, he recalled, was to make small fan cases, but not impellers

########
Rank: 17
Score: 34.633865
Retrieved Text: Here are some of my students testimonials. This page will be updated often.
"Hi Pei Li, Thank you for the lesson today. Totally Love it!"
"Pei Li, I'm just amazed by the Gerbera Daisies. It's so nice! I managed to see your instagram it's so pretty! Can I do another class this weekend?"
"This is my second workshop with Pei Li. Just like the first time, I felt really delighted and happy with this clay workshop. Maison De Patisserie still taught me the basic skills such as how to glue and combine the material properly. My skills were improved by learning how to make the dessert cups and the shelf that were a lot harder than English Tea Time Workshop. I'd say that all of this was worth every penny, time, and effort that I spent and made. No matter what hard challenges I was facing while making it, I still felt really happy and enthusiastic to finish it. Pei Li herself is always supportive and helpful to her student. She let me choose colors, cake decorations and other elements for my own work. And once again, just like the first time, I'm looking forward to have the third workshop with her."
"Truly enjoy the Cupcake Deli Case Workshop with Pei Li.
She provides a lot of "rules of thumb" and knowledge on clay that make the class easier to understand. She even shares with me where to buy the material and which brand is better.
A very helpful and patient teacher I have met so far.
Looking forward to go for the

########
Rank: 18
Score: 34.441475
Retrieved Text: After listening to what Nie Li said, the eyes of the commoners in the cla.s.s lit up. They are all aware of Lord Ye Mo’s story. He was an example to follow, when one wants to become a powerful existence. Except, the words that Shen Xiu spoke of earlier were simply too harsh. This caused them to be depressed.
“You… In the hundreds of years of Glory City, Lord Ye Mo’s the only one able to climb to the peak by relying on his own ability,” said Shen Xiu, showing a moment of lag. She quickly retaliated with her far-fetched reply.
Shen Xiu almost exploded. This guy is too spiteful. He keeps catching the loopholes in her words and constantly attacks. He has no respect for an elder! She gazed coldly at Nie Li. He dared to openly contradict her in front of so many people. She’ll not let Nie Li have it easy in the coming future!
Not far away from Nie Li, Du Ze looked at Nie Li. His eyes were full of grat.i.tude. Although Nie Li is a n.o.ble, he still ran the risk of offending Teacher Shen Xiu by helping the commoners speak up. This made him very touched. A teenager’s heart is very primitive, hence, he has already saw Nie Li as his friend.
A soul realm’s grade is differentiated by the colours: red, orange, yellow, green, cyan, azure and indigo. Of the seven different grades, red is considered the worst. It’s the weakest to the lowest level. An average person would have an orange

########
Rank: 19
Score: 34.304707
Retrieved Text: 1 years old. Baby boy. He was born with teeth.
That’s why he doesn’t get breast milk. Eats apples which he already plucks and pares himself with a knife. Every day he does his push ups and he recently started weightlifting. On the track, he’s always number one, despite his short legs. He speaks 5 different languages: English, Dutch, Chines, Siberian, and machine language. If Okapi, the pet of the Family Li, barks twice, Kymani will do everything in his power to rescue him. He’s not afraid of Grizz-Li bears at all, because of his sixth and seventh send. Gna gna.
Investing displaced farmers in building up a green border around the Makira Protected Area.
By planting the endemic host trees of multiple species of silk moths, farmers are able to produce wild silk cocoons and a high value protein by-product. While insect protein is new for westerners, insects are eaten throughout Sub-Saharan Africa, and silk moths are common. This initiative could be broadly adapted to enhance nutrition, alleviate poverty and protect forests throughout Africa.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 34.296806
Retrieved Text: Dr. Kam Ho H Li, DDS is a Dentist primarily located in San Bruno, CA. His specialties include General Dentistry. He speaks English.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 34.26073
Retrieved Text: Xi Jinping and Li Kegiang will be elected president and premier at the upcoming Communist Party Congress. But the rest of the Politburo Standing Committee is up for grabs.
China's once-in-a-decade leadership transition is set to begin this week at the 18th Communist Party Congress.The result is a foregone conclusion: news outlets have known for months that Xi Jinping is to succeed Hu Jintao as president of China, while Li Keqiang will be taking the reins from Wen Jiabao as premier. The predetermined outcome has become something of a joke on Chinese social media. Television host Li Jiajia ( @李佳佳Audrey) wrote sarcastically on Sina Weibo, China's Twitter, "Only two days before November 6, and Americans still don't know who their next president will be. So weak!"
Chinese social media users reacting to Li's tweet also jokingly touted their country's "superior system." @绿色之疯 wrote on Weibo, "Ha ha, the whole world knows who our new leaders will be. That's what I call open and transparent."
But in fact, there are things about the power handoff the world does not know. Xi and Li may soon become the most powerful men in China, but they are only two people on a seven-member body known as the Politburo Standing Committee (PSC). Foreign and overseas Chinese media outlets have worked themselves into a frenzy speculating about the composition of China's highest governing organization. No two lists of possible line-ups look exactly the same. In the past week, the Financial Times and South China Morning Post released conflicting projections, both citing inside information from

########
Rank: 22
Score: 34.19024
Retrieved Text: “Don’t hit my grandfather!” A fifteen-sixteen year old kid wearing a shabby clothes was shielding the old man.
“Little b.a.s.t.a.r.d, you’re seeking death!” The whip holding youth coldly snorted. He waved the whip and ruthlessly lashed the kid.
“Pa…!” blood splashed out from the kid’s back.
Although he had suffered a whipping, this kid was strangely determined. He silently endured and m.u.f.fled his cries.
“Kid, don’t bother about me!” The old man’s voice was hoa.r.s.e, his eyes clouded by tears as he tried to push the kid away.
“No!” The kid firmly shook his head.
“What tough bones you have there!” a trace of malevolence flashed across the guard’s eyes. He coldly smiled and once again, raised his whip up.
Sikong Hongyue only gave a glance in that direction, but did not bother about it anymore.
Nie Li frowned his brows a little. Members of the Silver Winged Family are really inhumane. They would even hit a fifteen-sixteen year old child and an old man.
Seeing the youth’s whip about to lash once again, Nie Li suddenly rushed forward and grabbed onto it.
Nie Li is still well dressed. Before he could verify Nie Li’s ident.i.ty, he doesn’t dare to act rashly.
“My name is Lei Zhuo, guest of the Silver Winged Family. They’re only an old man and a kid, why are you getting so angry?” Nie Li looked at the grandpa grandson duo and lightly knitted his brows.
“Lei Zhuo?” The youth suddenly had a little impression of who this person is. He threw a glance at Sikong Hongyue and saw that she is currently walking

########
Rank: 23
Score: 34.185703
Retrieved Text: Li Ka-shing (born June 13, 1928 in Chaozhou, Guangdong province, China) is a Chinese entrepreneur and philanthropist. He is broadly respected as one of the most powerful businessmen in Asia. His companies span telecommunications, real estate, infrastructure, ports, retailing and manufacturing, energy, and technology, among other ventures. Known as “Mr. Money” and “Superman” in Hong Kong and Asia, Li Ka-shing exemplifies China’s remarkable rise from a dilapidated communist state to a free market behemoth. One year after Deng Xiaoping commenced his transformation process in 1978, Li purchased a British firm in Hong Kong named Hutchison Whampoa. Thenceforth, his ability to generate wealth globally exploded exponentially.
China’s Relexed One-Child Policy: Baby Boom in China?
In fact I have plenty of great admiration to comment on Sir Li Ka-shing’s heavenly intelligence, but my poor brain condition and inability to write well does not allow me to do so much. What I can say in a short expression is that upon reading his life history I am his greatest admirer and want to say that he is a real Superman of Business Entrepreneur. I vow that he be bestowed with all the supreme blessings of the universe, as well as also wishing him having a still ever stronger healthier long life so that he can expand further his Business Empire for the benefits and happiness of himself, lf his his beloved family and id mankind as a whole.
At the same time I take this auspicious opportunity to express my deepest heartfelt thanks for his divinely grant to me for which I

########
Rank: 24
Score: 34.16011
Retrieved Text: Hong Kong property tycoon Li Ka-Shing has broken the silence for the first time since he was accused of being “unpatriotic” for pulling his business out of the Chinese mainland amid the economic slowdown.
Li responded that his conglomerate has confidence in China’s leadership in newsletter posted online Tuesday by CK Hutchison Holdings Limited, a major component of Mr. Li’s business empire.
Summarizing the 87-year-old businessman’s response, the release denied that Li is taking his business away from China.
“The reorganization of our Group using Cayman Islands companies does not change the fact that the Group is still registered and listed in Hong Kong,” the press release said.
Some firms owned by Li have been registered in the Cayman Islands and Bermuda, which has led to allegations that the tycoon is leaving China behind when it is in need of support.
In the letter the Group also added that its business activities on the Chinese mainland have actually been more active over the past two years.
A Chinese think tank affiliated to the Xinhua News Agency published a paper on its website earlier in September, under the title “Don’t Let Li Go,” alleging that the Hong Kong business giant is moving his wealth away by selling the property he owned in China.
The paper, which has since been deleted, suggested that since Li owes his success in China to the ties he has with authorities, he must repay the favor by giving his wealth back in contribution to the Chinese people.
The paper has caused heated discussion about “commercial morality” among China’s social network

########
Rank: 25
Score: 34.11592
Retrieved Text: This past week’s Council meeting was filled with controversial motions, but it began with the standard leadership and committee reports. Moderator Colm Seigne began by addressing a suggestion to put the speaker’s list on the projector. Mod. Seigne said that he does not want to put the speaker’s list up on the screen because his goal is to get everyone speaking and involved, so sometimes he jumps around on the speaker’s list, and putting the list up on the screen would take away his ability to do this. Sophomore Rep. Jonathan Li gave the CPP report, saying that the committee is working on a possible foreign language requirement. After these reports, Council moved through some lesser items on the agenda, before moving on to the first major issue, the Freshman Off-Campus Motion.
The beginning of the Freshman Off-Campus Motion discussion was marked by Senior Rep. Mason Winter’s move to table the discussion until the next Council meeting. Rep. Winter argued that since Curriculum Committee is working on sending out a survey to parents about this motion, Council should wait for the survey results and in the meantime should address the other issues on the agenda. Despite strong resistance, the motion was tabled with a slight majority of Council voting to table the discussion. Council then moved on to the next item on the agenda, the Plebiscite Motion.
Sophomore Rep. Jonathan Li brought the Plebiscite Motion, which he explained would allow for all motions to be deferred to a public vote if Council chose to do so. Motions would

########
Rank: 26
Score: 34.093224
Retrieved Text: One of the world's biggest movie stars for over 15 years, Jet Li is currently at the top of his game, having enjoyed some of his best reviews and biggest worldwide box office with his latest films Hero (2004), Unleashed (2005) and Fearless; the latter opens Friday in the U.S.
Yet rumors have flown that Li is retiring. Not true; he has only stated that Fearless will be his last martial arts epic in which his own fighting style, wu-shu, is the subject.
"I think it's time to finish my dream," he says, speaking English during a recent San Francisco interview. "I'm learning martial arts for 30 years. I'm asking myself why I'm learning martial arts. A lot of reporters ask me, is Chinese martial arts better than Japanese? Is American better than Chinese? If they compete, who would win? They always have a lot of these kinds of questions. I give the answer in this movie. It really depends on the person. It's not about sports."
Li says he will continue making action films, but only films in which martial arts may be used to tell some other story. "Martial arts are just like the car chase in the cop movie. You need the car chase; you need to fire the gun. That's just the material to talk about the real story. You can use martial arts to tell a love story, or a sci-fi story."
Meanwhile, Fearless should please any breathless Li fans looking for some incredible moves. He plays Huo Yuan-jia, a real-life, turn-of-the-century figure who overcame

########
Rank: 27
Score: 33.7866
Retrieved Text: Translation:My last name is Li, and yours?
In English, you can use 'name' for either first or last name. "My name is Li, and you?" should be accepted.
Think of the classic example: "My name is Bond, James Bond." He does not need to say "My last name is Bond, and my full name is James Bond"!
The reason they probably won't accept that is because 性 can only mean last name, where as "name" could be either.
That argument makes no sense. You're saying "name" can mean last name, and 性 does mean last name, so therefore it shouldn't be accepted? What?
There's a reason it's translated like that. 姓 as a verb literally means "to be surnamed".
Therefore it's only reasonable they would only accept an unambiguous answer! For instance, in English "brother" can mean either younger or older, but they shouldn't accept "brother" as valid answer for 哥哥 because that doesn't help you associate 哥哥 with "older brother"!
Translating 姓 to "name", though possibly correct, doesn't help you associate 姓 with surname!
I don't understand the mindset of most comments here, it's a language course, not a translation course, and people seem to don't get it!
姓, as a verb, literally means "to be surnamed".
lol! Nice example (James Bond)!
I would say 'name' could either refer to first name or, as your example, first and last. But not last by itself.
Yes, 名字 can refer to 名 (first name) or 姓名 (full name), but not 姓 (surname).
I agree and was just marked wrong for the same. Reporting.
So because of its tonality, questions in Chinese

########
Rank: 28
Score: 33.78503
Retrieved Text: Pretending not having heard anything, Su Qianci got herself a piece of apple and took a bite. Suddenly, she saw him approaching her and taking a bite of her apple.
Blushing immediately, she bristled at how Li Sicheng was acting so calmly. “Couldn’t you get your own?” Stealing her food and biting where she just bit? This was in front of everyone! He did not care about his image, but she did! Noticing the look of their guests, she blushed even more and bowed her head.
“Song, we should leave now. This is so hard on bachelors like us.” Sheng Ximing could stand it no longer, and he stood up.
Giving Li Sicheng a stare, Su Qianci stuffed the rest of the apple into her mouth and got up to walk them out. After saying goodbye to Song Yifan and Sheng Ximing, Captain Li said he was going to take a walk. Su Qianci followed him hurriedly, and Li Sicheng of course followed her. The three of them ended up walking together.
The neighborhood was in great shape. Although autumn had come to Kingstown, the surroundings did not look all that different. The landscaping was perfectly designed, so everything was still lush and green.
Hearing this topic, Su Qianci decided not to respond.
Embarrassed, Su Qianci said weakly, “I haven’t graduated from college yet.” More importantly, she was not ready. Everything she owned at the moment felt like it was stolen. She had no sense of security. She was afraid that one day she would wake up and find that this was

########
Rank: 29
Score: 33.783646
Retrieved Text: SHANGHAI—China will continue to strengthen intellectual-property protection and improve the business environment for foreign firms, which are entitled to the same treatment as their Chinese counterparts, China Vice Premier Li Keqiang said in an article published in the China Daily on Thursday, the first day of his visit to Germany.
“China will continue to improve foreign business related laws, regulations and policies, and give protection to intellectual property rights in order to provide a level playing field and a stable, orderly, transparent and predictable market environment for all players,” Mr. Li said.
Mr. Li, who is widely expected to succeed Wen Jiabao as China’s premier in two years, is in Germany from Thursday to Sunday on the second leg of a trip to Europe. Mr. Li visited Spain earlier this week and will visit the United Kingdom from Sunday to Wednesday.
In July, German Chancellor Angela Merkel said China hadn’t satisfied all the requirements for attaining market economy status in the eyes of Europe, and that Beijing still had to do more to ensure the protection of intellectual-property rights and equal market access for German firms in China.
Germany’s investment in China accounts for only 2% of its overseas investment, and China’s investment in Germany is a little more than $1 billion, Mr. Li said, adding that both countries should continue to explore new areas of cooperation such as green technology.
To develop its services sector, China will further open financial and logistics services and steadily open up education, health services and sports to foreign investment, Mr. Li said.
China is aiming

================



======= Instance Index 3707 =========
Input Text: Read the following conversation and answer the question.

Tutor: Have you settled in?

Anna Maria: Yes, I feel quite at home now. I haven't got used to the food yet, but I'm enjoying the life on campus.

Tutor: Good. Now we'd better make sure you enjoy your studies. We offer a very wide range of options on the foundation course, as you know; but you can only take six modules -do you know what you want to do yet?

Anna Mafia: Yes, more or less, but I'm not sure whether to do biological sciences or German.

Tutor: Well, that's quite a difference. You want to do computer studies, don't you?

Anna Maria: Mmmmm, yeh.

Tutor: Well, let's see-you elected to do physical sciences, basic electronics, art and design CAD-that computers and design-isn't it?

Anna Maria: Computer-aided design actually, "CAD", but...

Tutor: Oh, right-anyway, CAD and..., and English. That's quite a range. Don't you want to do maths-or computer programming, for example? Why don't you choose to do art and design?

Anna Maria: Well, I'm interested in electronics-in computer-especially in writing computer games. I'd like to produce educational software, educational games, eventually. I've taught myself a lot of programming- I... I don't think I'd benefit much from a foundation level course.

Tutor: No... no, I see that-go on.

Anna Maria: So, er, I want the basics-the physical science and electronics I was hopeless at physics in school and we didn't have electronics-but I was good at maths-I don't think I need that.

Tutor: And the art and design?

Anna Maria: That will be good for my graphics-I need that to produce games-CAD too-I've never done CAD before.

Tutor: No-right-they've got some powerful packages in the computer graphics and CAD offices-you'll enjoy that. So... that leaves English. It's mostly English lit. I know your English is very good, but did you know you can take English as a foreign language as one of the modules in the foundation year?

Anna Maria: No... no, I didn't. That's great - if they've got classes at my level. I don't have any problem speaking-but my writing is...

Question: When the tutor asks Anna Maria about taking a maths option, she says ______. 

- she wants to take one because she was good at maths at school

- she doesn't want to take one because she feels confident in maths

- she doesn't want to take one because she doesn't need maths

Target Text: she doesn't want to take one because she feels confident in maths

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 40.14407
Retrieved Text: Looking for Maths tutors in Coventry?
If you are looking for a private Maths tutor in Coventry, you are in the right place, we have an amazing selection of personally interviewed tutors who are here to help.
Hi, I'm James, a Biology Masters graduate. I'm really passionate about science, and I hope i can share some of my interest with you!
Passionate maths student with 5 years maths tutoring experience, specifically GCSE and below.
Need help finding Maths tutors in Coventry?
Tell us what you’re looking for and we’ll ask the right tutors to get in touch with you - so you can stop searching all over Coventry for the perfect fit, and have options straight to your inbox.
Hi! I'm a second year engineer who is patient, approachable and eager to help you achieve your full potential!
Hi! I am Cassylda, an International Business with Spanish student at the University of Warwick who is so excited to help you reach your academic goals!
First year chemical engineering student at the University of Bath. I enjoy playing golf, the guitar and working out a the gym.
Third year Cambridge University student tutoring in Maths up to GCSE, Geography up to A level, personal statement advice and Oxbridge application guidance.
Emily was a fantastic support and help , she really boosted my daughter's confidence so that for the first time she believed she could succeed.
Anna was fantastic, explaining things clearly and taking Charlotte's learning on . Thanks so much, Anna .
Excellent tutorial! My son looks forward to his tutorials and is definitely benefitting from them. Gemma is

########
Rank: 1
Score: 35.8528
Retrieved Text: The Episode starts with Akshara and everyone shocked seeing the tutor making Naksh do situps. Akshara scolds the tutor. Naksh gets tired. Bhabhimaa comes and sees whats going on. The tutor says it looks like you don’t understand, he is not serious about studies. Devyaani says we understand, explain him, don’t scare him. The tutor says fine, handle this yourself, and leaves. Naksh tells Muskaan he has to go loo and leaves. Bhabhimaa apologizes to Akshara for leaving Naksh alone. Akshara says its my mistake, I gave him my duty, I have to take care of him myself.
Naitik comes home and looks for Akshara. She comes to him. She tells him about the tutor punishing Naksh. He says hire someone else. She says I explained him, you talk to him when he calls. She says Naksh is with Muskaan.
He asks her to solve crosswords for him. She sees it and sees Love, party, wife, birthday. She smiles and says you did this, really. He says are you doubting on husband. She says it took time to make this and thanks him.
He says thank me when the birthday comes. She says I don’t want any party. He asks why. She leaves. He says I will do what I have to and smiles. Devyaani and Bhabhimaa have a talk and praise Akshara. Bhabhimaa says Akshara always remember everything about others, so we want to make her birthday happy, Gayatri used to do all the arrengements happily, this time you think. Devyaani smiles. Akshara talks to the teacher and

########
Rank: 2
Score: 35.480244
Retrieved Text: Anna-Maria Cahalane is an artist and tutor from South East London who specialises in portraits and delivering community art workshops . She is an art teacher and an Arts Award Advisor with many years of experience working with children, young people and adults with a range of additional needs. Anna-Maria tutors children and young people who are not in education. As Chair of a Conservation Trust she particularly enjoys delivering art workshops within natural green spaces such as woodlands.
© 2018 Anna-Maria Cahalane. All rights reserved.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 35.220352
Retrieved Text: Jim comes to the bank to have a word with Phil. Phil tells him that he's not sleeping with Julie.
Scott agrees to take Wendy out. She kisses him.
Paul takes Terry out. Shane comes in with another girl and Terry is upset.
Terry wants to leave, so Paul calls for the bill. She debates walking over there right now, but Paul says that there may be an explanation. They leave.
As they're leaving, a man comes in and approaches Shane. He gives him the minutes from this morning's meeting and thanks him for looking after his friend. Shane leaves and the man sits down with the woman.
Terry is ranting and Paul is trying to calm her down, saying Shane may have an explanation.
Just then, Shane comes in and Terry asks him straight out who the woman was. Paul explains that they saw him at the restaurant with a girl. Shane says he wasn't going out with her, but Terry says he's a liar. Shane is very upset and storms off, saying he's glad he found out what Terry was like before she got her hooks in.
They sit down on the sofa and Paul asks Terry out to dinner again. She agrees.
Shane comes in and finds the place in a total mess. Just then Max comes back. Shane puts the kettle on for them while Max eats some fish and chips. He tells Max about his "blue" with Terry.
Shane tells Max that the bedsit is a mess. He sees some drink bottles in the bin and looks worried. Max asks

########
Rank: 4
Score: 34.558548
Retrieved Text: Bazarov likes Anna, Anna likes Bazarov, and Arkady is in love with Anna. Arkady develops a friendship with Katya. Arkady and Bazarov do not talk to one another as often as they did before. Bazarov is becoming a romantic, and he doesn’t like it (90). Anna looks forward to spending time alone with Bazarov. When Bazarov tells her a few days later that he is leaving to go to his family’s, Anna is almost broken hearted (91).
Later, Anna almost begs Bazarov not to leave. She asks him why he’s leaving. He says his parents are waiting. She continues to prompt him with questions. She asks him to tell her about himself. He has difficulty and just keeps responding to her comments about him. Then Anna says that they are just alike. She admits to Bazarov that she is not happy, that she wants love. Bazarov is fighting back his emotions for Anna. Before he leaves her room, he goes over, grips her hand tightly and says goodbye. She rushes to the door to bring him back, but a maid is there. She sits in her room alone for a long time.
Bazarov goes to his room. Arkady is there. He asks if Bazarov was with Anna the whole time. Bazarov says yes, and Arkady feels tears coming to his eyes (98).
Turgenev reveals a vulnerable side of Bazarov’s character in this lengthy chapter. Bazarov is falling in love with Anna, but he will not admit it. He gets angry when he feels himself succumbing to her. As a

########
Rank: 5
Score: 34.382217
Retrieved Text: Danny and Scott ask Mrs Forbes why they are digging the hole, what`s it for. She announces it`s a manure pit, and to keep digging.
Helen asks Maria how things are with Max. It`s over announces Maria, which Helen took to mean the feud and says thank goodness for that . Maria then explains that Helen has misunderstood. It`s over between her and Max.
Des is hiding at the side of the house whilst watching Daphne and party boy outside the front door. Daphnes asks for her $40 fee, but party boy wants extras. Daphnes refuses and demands her cash. Just then Des appears on the scene to save the day and defend the maidens honour. Back at no 28 Daph makes it clear she didn`t want to be rescued. Des cost her $40 and she hasn`t a chance in hell of getting it back. Des apologises and says he was looking out for her, but Daphne says he was spying and guess what, that $40 was her rent money. Des apologises yet again.
The boys are asleep in the barn when Mrs Forbes arrives with breakfast. The boys groggily ask her the time, it`s 6am, and it`s time for brekkie as she wants them out working by 7am. Mrs Forbes leaves and Scott asks Danny whats for brekkie. Gruel Danny announces, yum.
Max and Maria discuss telling Shane about their impending split. Maria insists that if Max is leaving Shane should be told as soon as possible. She gives Max the option to stay if he wishes, making it

########
Rank: 6
Score: 34.21084
Retrieved Text: If you require a Maths Tutor Melbourne for one-on-one private home tuition, LearnMate can definitely provide support for all high school year levels. Learn more about how LearnMate can help you today!
LearnMate’s Maths tutors in Melbourne provide each student with an individually tailored program designed to complement the student’s particular syllabus or curriculum. Our Maths tutors in Melbourne will work directly with you or your child to ensure we provide you with the best outcomes for your learning. Our Maths tutors are here to not only provide help for Maths, but also inspire and guide you to feel confident in your abilities.
Hey! I'm Alasdair, a VCE Biology (49), Chemistry (46) & VCE Maths Methods tutor (46), & I'm eager to help you reach your potential in the VCE sciences with my passion and insight!
Hi! I'm Thinh, a VCE Math Methods Tutor. I'm here to help you succeed and give some tips and provide extra examples so we can get you prepared.
Hey! I'm Maria, I tutor English, maths and science from primary to year 10, as well as, VCE physics, mathematical methods and specialist mathematics.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 34.113834
Retrieved Text: Judy Moody's maths skills need improving (not to mention her attitude!) in the eighth book in the internationally bestselling series. Judy doesn't want a private maths tutor, until a cool college student changes her mind. Good moods, bad moods, even I-Hate-Maths moods - Judy Moody has them all! Perfect for fans of Jacqueline Wilson, Judy Blume and Lauren Child, this is the eighth book in the internationally popular and bestselling series. Judy doesn't want to see a private maths tutor. Does this mean flash cards? Does this mean baby games? Does this mean school on Saturday? But when Judy meets her tutor - a crucial college student with an uber-funky sense of style - and gets a glimpse of college life, her attitude soon changes. Before long she's acing her maths tests. Say goodbye to Judy Moody, and hello to Ms College.
Megan McDonald is the creator of the popular and award-winning Judy Moody and Stink series. She says that most of the stories about Judy came out of growing up the youngest of five girls. Megan is also the author of three Sisters Club stories and many other books for children. She lives in Sebastopol, California, USA. Peter H. Reynolds is the illustrator of the Judy Moody and Stink books and the author-illustrator of The Dot, Ish, Sky Colour, Rose's Garden and The Smallest Gift of Christmas. Born in Canada, he now lives in Dedham, Massachusetts, USA.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 33.57286
Retrieved Text: Anna and Brianna Freeman spoke about their experiences with bullying during their StoryCorps interview in Chicago.
It seems like a simple question: If you could ask me anything in the world, what would it be? Anna Freeman poses this to her 8-year-old daughter, Brianna.
“Do you like unicorns?” Brianna asks.
“I do,” says Anna, chuckling.
Brianna is obsessed with unicorns. She knows “they’re not technically real,” but they’re real in her mind.
When her mom asks just why Brianna likes them so much, though, the answer isn’t what she expected.
“They’re cute. And they have horns, so they could attack their bullies,” she says during their StoryCorps interview in Chicago.
Brianna has been experiencing bullying at school. Her voice trembling, Brianna tells her mom that the girl who bullies her makes her feel mad and sad. The bullying makes her feel like she is not the person she was before — like she is a ghost.
“After she bullied me, I didn’t have a smile on my face,” Brianna says.
Anna asks Brianna why she thinks the girl who bullies her says mean things.
“Because maybe she wants attention, but maybe she doesn’t get it at home,” Brianna says.
Anna, who is 30, tells her daughter that she, too, was bullied. She was in high school at the time, and even though she acted like it didn’t affect her, it still hurt.
Brianna is quick to respond.
“Well, you’re something to me,” she says.
And you’re something to me, her mother replies.
Audio produced for Morning Edition by Mitra Bonshahi.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 32.763596
Retrieved Text: We are extremely happy to express our gratitude towards Tuition India for providing best tutor to my son. We liked the structured way followed by Tuition India during shortlisting the best tutor & following up with us for progress during tuition. Kudos to Tuition India Team!!
Tuition India has built my confidence in terms of studying in Maths and Science. I was struggling on my own before taking tuitions. My tutor contributed to get better marks. He always asks me if I am confident enough on the topic we covered in the last class and gave me questions for practice. Sometimes, I used to ask him same questions again and again but he always explains. I think I improved a lot by taking his class.
I found a very good tutor with the help of Tuition India. Their service is very efficient and prompt and I appreciate their approach. I would like to thank Archana Ma'am for her guidance and support to my son during last 5-6 months. I have seen the difference in his understanding of concepts in English and Maths. I also take valuable feedbacks from her which helped us in guiding him. My son is now more confident. My big 'Thank you' to Tuition India.
We are providing services to students to solve there queries related to subjects and accademics, also help them to understand the concept.
We also guide them how to score high in examination.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 32.618443
Retrieved Text: Born in Kibworth, Leicestershire, Anna Letitia Aitkin was educated at home by her mother, Jane Jennings. Her father became tutor in divinity at a new Presbyterian school at Warrington, Lancashire, where 15-year-old Anna became friends with Joseph Priestley and his wife when he moved there as tutor in languages in 1761. In 1772 Anna published her Poems (3rd edn., London: Joseph Johnson, 1773; B-12 0448 Fisher Library) and she married Rochemont Barbauld, a Warrington student, two years later and for the next ten years devoted herself to child-raising and joint management, with her husband, of Palgrave School in Suffolk. She published three volumes of Lessons for Children 1778-79 and Hymns in Prose for Children in 1781 (reprinted New York: Garland, 1977; PR 4057 B7H9). They then moved to Hampstead, Rochemont working as a minister, Anna as a political essayist and poet. She is well known for her attack on the slave trade in the Epistle to William Wilberforce (1791). In 1802 they moved to Stoke Newington, a London suburb where she earned a living by editing and he cared for a small congregation. Suffering from mental illness, Rochemont attacked Anna in 1808, he was institutionalized and drowned himself late that year. Her last publication was the anti-war poem "Eighteen Hundred and Eleven" (1811). Her niece Lucy Aitkin edited and published Anna's Works a few months after her death. Walter Sidney Scott has edited her letters with those of Maria Edgeworth (London: Golden Cockerel Press, 1953; PR 4646 A4 1953). The standard life is Betsy Rodgers' Georgian

########
Rank: 11
Score: 32.42301
Retrieved Text: Part time Oracle artist Anna-Maria Dickinson will have a show at the Adobe Barn Gallery at the Triangle L Ranch. The show, Paintings: Anna-Maria Dickinson opens on Friday March 17, 2017 and will run to March 18, two days only.
The show will include old and new oil paintings which reflect her early adult life growing up in the Caribbean and scenes from Canada where she now lives. The opening reception will include food, drink and live music. The reception is from 5 to 9 p.m. Saturday the show is on display from 10 a.m. to 3 p.m. This will also be a going away party for Anna-Maria as she will be returning to her home in Canada.
Anna-Maria divides her time and artistic life between Flesherton, Ontario, Canada and Oracle, Arizona. She is part owner of a gallery in Flesherton and her art is displayed at the Triangle L Ranch in Oracle. She spends her winters in Oracle where she says, “I am home, I love it here. There is so much inspiration around this place.” You can learn more about Anna-Maria and her art by visiting bit.ly/2nlLcfQ.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 31.992916
Retrieved Text: The first day of the 2017 Nurses Ball begins with Mario Lopez and Nina Cassadine welcoming guests on the red carpet.
Ava shows Scott the check she plans on giving in Morgan&apos;s honor. He thinks it&apos;s a bad idea to dedicate it to Morgan. Ava eventually agrees and tells Lucy that it&apos;s not in Morgan&apos;s honor. No one updates the hosts, so Mario announces it when Ava walks in. Ava worries about Sonny.
Michael heads over to Sonny&apos;s. He says he&apos;s not going to the ball, but will stay home and study Morgan&apos;s journal. Michael questions what set Morgan off the rails. Sonny is determined to find answers.
Carly tells Bobbie that Sonny isn&apos;t showing up at the ball. Valentin wonders what he can do to make things right with Nina, but she&apos;s not interested. He says Alex was the one working him and she&apos;s gone now.
Jason&apos;s still worried about the dream he had about Helena, but Sam tries to reassure him that all is well. Amy arrives dateless, so Nathan agrees to be her partner.
Anna explains to Griffin about the chimera and why she&apos;s still interested in finding out from Valentin where it is. While she goes into the ballroom, Anna accidentally drops the necklace.
Sonny reads Morgan&apos;s journal and sees the notation that the lithium was 600 mg. He summons Andre over to discuss it. Andre says he noticed that too, but the pharmacy dispensed the proper dosage. Andre tells him the only way Morgan would have spiraled like he did was if he wasn&apos;t taking lithium at

########
Rank: 13
Score: 31.790682
Retrieved Text: This 101-Year-Old Pioneering Lady is One of IISC's Oldest Living Alumni!
This 101-Year-Old Pioneering Lady is One of IISc’s Oldest Living Alumni!
Among the earliest generations of Indian women to study at a modern science institution, Violet Bajaj lived through incredible times – World War II and India’s struggle for independence – in her twenties!
Violet Bajaj is 101 years old. She sits in her room before dinner, with the Gerald Seymour thriller she is currently reading on the table before her. Reading is her favourite hobby, and a low cupboard near her desk has a few books neatly arranged on it, ranging from novels by Agatha Christie to Naguib Mahfouz. Detective novels are her favourite things to read, she says, and it comes as no surprise that she should love a good whodunit. Asking questions, as it turns out, is something of a way of life for Bajaj, whose search for knowledge even as a young woman took her from Ranchi to Lucknow, Bangalore, Pune and Delhi.
Around six years of her life were spent studying biochemistry at IISc, where in her twenties she lived through incredible times – World War II and India’s struggle for independence – and she was a part of one of the earliest generations of women in India to study at a modern science institution. Whether it was studying the RNA and DNA of a fungus and questioning societal conventions in her youth, or maintaining a keen interest in current affairs now, at over a century old, it is hard not to see Violet

########
Rank: 14
Score: 31.778532
Retrieved Text: Born and bred in Northern Germany in a lovely city called Bremen, Anna moved to the UK in 2016 to start her BSc (Hons) Economics with International Relations degree at Plymouth University. She has joined the Cornwall Innovation Centre’s team in August 2018 to complete her 12 month industrial placement year before starting her final year at university.
Besides trying to prove to her colleagues that Germans can indeed be funny (can they?), Anna is responsible for the centre’s Business Analytics, besides getting involved in all kinds of marketing projects.
Before her placement year at the Cornwall Innovation Centres, Anna gained some valuable work experience with global players such as Mercedes- Benz and Deutsche Bahn, not to mention her part-time job as private tutor in German, Maths, Politics and Economics.
In her spare time, Anna regularly pushes herself to her limits by doing all sorts of strength, circuits and power pump training and loves watching documentaries!

########
Rank: 15
Score: 31.72151
Retrieved Text: Anna Maria, FL is an excellent place to live. It’s got all of the charm and quiet of any small town, but it’s also close enough to the larger city of Henry to have some nearby fun and excitement. Unfortunately, though, Anna Maria is neither as developed or as technologically advanced as it could be. In fact, it isn’t even its own “town” really; it’s still unincorporated and is often lumped in as an outlier of Henry. Despite those facts, many people really love living in Anna Maria and couldn’t imagine living anywhere else; their only problem, however, is that they have a hard time finding Internet service. Most Internet providers just haven’t bothered with Anna Maria, and the Internet service providers that have mostly offer slow, outdated, and unreliable Internet options. The one exception to that rule is HughesNet Internet, also known as HughesNet Satellite Internet. Hughesnet is a satellite Internet service provider that offers very high speed, very reliable satellite Internet to people regardless of where they live, and that extends to people in good old Anna Maria!
Why Other Internet Options Just Won’t Do in Anna Maria!
People are often unsure about using satellite Internet service in Anna Maria, usually because they don’t know as much about it as they do about older forms of Internet access, such as broadband Internet or wireless Internet. The truth is, however, that satellite internet companies, such as HughesNet in Anna Maria, truly do offer the very best option for securing high speed Internet, especially for those living in

########
Rank: 16
Score: 31.344715
Retrieved Text: Ashwini delivers an exceptional lesson experience and ranks in the top 15% of our teachers nationwide.
I have known Ashwini for more than a year and have been working very closely in few volunteering work. I am totally impressed with her work ethics, passion and sincerity. I am very sure that she will be a very big asset where ever she works.
My daughter, Anna, is attending 6th grade maths. The lessons inspire Anna and she is now more confident and proficient. The lessons are very interesting and useful. Thank you very much Ashwini teacher!!
Great teacher. She was very patient with me. I can’t wait for my next lesson.
She is a really good instructor.
Ashwini is very kind, patient, and teaches according to your level. I highly recommend!
Taking Mrs. Ashwini as a tutor was definitely an interest boost in the subject I needed help upon. She explains concepts thoroughly and is patient to student’s needs. She takes time for her pupils, and encourages curiosity in the pursuit of knowledge. Her dedication to education truly allows one to learn.
Thank you, Mrs. Ashwini, for helping me to succeed! You make a positive difference in teaching, I wish the best for you!
Taking Mrs. Ashwini as a tutor was definitely an interest boost in the subject I needed help upon. She explains concepts very thoroughly and is patient to student’s needs. She takes time for her pupils, and encourages curiosity in the pursuit of knowledge. She was always prepared to teach and her dedication to education truly allows one to learn.
Thank you, Mrs.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 31.132462
Retrieved Text: Lulu doesn’t understand how Maxie found herself pregnant with Spinelli’s child. Maxie explains the miscarriage. She was going to use another embryo but couldn’t. Lulu says all this time they thought the baby was theirs. She feels Maxie should have told her, so that they could start with a new surrogate. Maxie reminds them they wanted to adopt and she didn’t think they would care. Dante says they signed up for their biological child.
Britt comes to and tells Nikolas her mother was there and sees the baby is gone. Nik wants to call Anna, but Britt is worried since Anna doesn’t like her. Nik feels it’s the best chance to find Ben.
Jerry tells Robin if she creates a cure for him, he’ll let her go home. He tells her about the Nurse’s Ball and shows her a DVD of it. Robin watches the DVD and is thrilled to see Patrick, Emma, Duke and her mother. Jerry points out Sabrina and tells her she’s Patrick’s new woman.
Patrick talks to Sabina about Robin. He says a part of him can’t accept that Robin is gone. Patrick says he loves Sabrina, but he’s holding onto a fantasy. Patrick admits he needs to let go of Robin and live in the present. He takes off his ring.
Anna tells Duke she’s been thinking about Robin and can’t let her go. She explains how she told Patrick to take off his ring and move on, but she thinks of Robin constantly. She feels Robin is still alive out there.
Alexis wants Derek’s help

########
Rank: 18
Score: 30.80259
Retrieved Text: Lante stop by to see Valentin in custody. They want to discuss what&apos;s best for Charlotte since he&apos;ll be going to prison. Valentin believes Charlotte will be fine with Nina. Lulu tells him that Nina was the one who turned him in.
Lulu asks for his help in transitioning Charlotte to minimize her pain and confusion. She asks Valentin for his blessing in having Charlotte stay with her and Dante. Valentin finally agrees, but asks that they not tell her the real reason that he had to leave.
Dr. Obrecht eavesdrops on Finn and Hayden. They&apos;re discussing the drug tests and how someone is tampering with them. This time Brad is nowhere nearby.
Mac and Anna meet to discuss Valentin. While Anna believes that Valentin deserves to pay for his crimes, she puts most of the blame on Alex&apos;s shoulders. She says Alex is refusing to cooperate. Anna worries that her sister will put all the blame on Valentin.
Mac asks if she&apos;s ready to testify against Valentin. Anna doesn&apos;t think she has anything to offer since everything she knows is what Valentin told her. Anna says she has no proof and it would be her word against his. She feels Alex&apos;s testimony will be the important one.
Nina&apos;s upset that she&apos;s the one who told Anna where Valentin and Charlotte were hiding out. Nathan points out that she could have been charged as an accomplice and it was better for Charlotte this way. Nina says Valentin saved her life the night of the ball, and he made her happy by

########
Rank: 19
Score: 30.682957
Retrieved Text: Anna Maria Porter and her older sister Jane were the daughters of an Irish army surgeon who died when they were very young. Their mother moved the family, which included three brothers, to Edinburgh, Scotland, where they befriended Sir Walter Scott, then a university student. He entertained the children with his stories. The family later moved to London, where Anna Maria and Jane were part of a circle of literary women that included Hannah More, Anna Laetitia Barbauld, and Mrs. Inchbald. Anna Maria was a precocious student and began writing poems at about age seven. She published her first work, Artless Tales, in 1793-1795. She went on to become a prolific author and produced about 50 volumes during her career. She also co-authored works with her sister.
Anna Maria Porter is currently considered a "single author." If one or more works are by a distinct, homonymous authors, go ahead and split the author.
Anna Maria Porter is composed of 1 name.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 30.562765
Retrieved Text: Welcome to the Harrow Kenton First Class Learning Study Centre. We support children in the local community with both maths and English.
Our English and maths programmes are tailored to learners' individual needs so students move on only when they are confident with a topic. At First Class Learning we believe in taking small steps and building good habits to 100% success.
Call Jaymini Bhattacharya on 07989 538313. I am a qualified maths tutor and english tutor. I will be pleased to meet with you to discuss how I can help your child with maths or English. I will then sit down with your child and complete an assessment to determine which path is most suitable for them. Once I have established your child’s needs, I will put together a bespoke course of action that will support and encourage your child’s learning. If you feel happy with our plan and that we are the best option for you and your child, they will then be able to start attending regular classes at the Harrow Kenton centre. In these classes they will complete a short piece of work which will be marked, returned and discussed with the class tutors, who will give them a detailed programme of homework to be completed before the next class.
Please call Jaymini Bhattacharya now on 07989 538313.
I will happily discuss your requirements and share with you what I have to offer. You may book an appointment to come and see the maths and English study programs and if you feel First Class Learning is

########
Rank: 21
Score: 30.466349
Retrieved Text: I would like to open a thread dedicated to Archduchess Maria Clementine (1777-1801), daughter of Emperor Leopold II., wife of Franz I. of Naples-Sicily.
Informations and portraits are welcome!
I know only one portrait of her, the one who is in your profile, has anybody others? Would be interesting. She was the mother of Maria Carolina, who married Charles de Berry, and became mother of Louise of Parma, the mother of Robert I of Parma, father of empress Zita.
Has anybody infos in the life of Clementine? She died very early because of an illness I have read. Does anybody have more?
Marie Clémentine Josepha Johanna Fidela, Archduchess of Austria was born on April 24th 1777 in the Castle of Poggio Imperiale near Florence.
On September 19th 1790 - Clémentine was only 13 years old ! - she had to marry her first cousin Crownprince Francesco of Naples - Two Siciliesper procuram in Vienna. On the same day, Emperor Leopold's sons Franz and Ferdinand married Maria Carolina's daughters Maria Teresa and Maria Luisa. Maria Carolina is said to have been Leopold's favourite sister. But back to Clémentine ... because of her young age, she married Francesco in persona in Foggia on June 25th 1797.
Clémentine and Francesco were a happy couple, but the young Crownprincess wasn't in good health. She suffered from some lung disease, maybe tuberculosis. She gave birth to two children: Maria Carolina Ferdinanda Luisa (1798-1870) and Ferdinando Francesco (1800-1801).
Clémentine died on November 15th 1801 in Naples - four months after she had lost her only son Ferdinando. She was

########
Rank: 22
Score: 30.391573
Retrieved Text: This performance has been staged during the Opera Festival 2015. Visit the program page to see what's scheduled for the next Opera Festival!
From 4th July for 5 performances is Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart’s Don Giovanni, in the beautiful staging by Franco Zeffirelli, who inaugurated the 2012 Opera Festival, with costumes by Maurizio Millenotti, choreography by Maria Grazia Garofoli and lighting by Paolo Mazzon. After his extraordinary success in theatres throughout the world with Barocco repertoire debuting on the Arena’s podium is Stefano Montanari.
It is nighttime. Wearing a mask, Don Giovanni has entered Donna Anna’s house to seduce her. Leporello impatiently awaits him in the garden, complaining of his situation: he is tired of being the servant of an ungrateful employer and wants to be a nobleman too. Don Giovanni rushes in unexpectedly, held forcefully by the woman who, after having initially mistaken him for her betrothed, Don Ottavio, has reacted to the attempted violence and is now trying to unmask him. The turmoil attracts the Commendatore (Donna Anna’s father) to the garden, where he challenges the seducer to a duel. Don Giovanni does not want to duel with an elderly man, but the Commendatore insists and, after a few sword thrusts, is killed. The libertine and his servant run off. Donna Anna, who has gone to look for help, returns with Don Ottavio and some servants, but finds her father already dead. Desperate, she makes her bridegroom-to-be swear to avenge the crime.
In a street of Seville, Don Giovanni is looking for more adventures: Leporello reproaches him for

########
Rank: 23
Score: 30.365828
Retrieved Text: The Ramsay house is robbed.
Daphne wonders if Joan even knows Des has a mother.
Maria goes on a date with a bloke called Richard.
Des gives Joan her engagement ring.
Julie is upset about Phil.
Daphne is acting a bit shifty this morning. Des is pleased that everyone liked Joan last night. Daphne asks Des to get her watch fixed for her and he agrees.
Helen and Maria are chatting about marriage. Maria says that most of the time her marriage to Max was good. She thinks Max is living in the bedsit to make Maria feel sorry for him. They chat about Richard too and Maria tells Helen shyly that they're going out again on Friday. Helen is pleased and says it's time that Maria had some fun.
Daphne has made tea using the best china. There's a knock at the door and it's Eileen. She clearly isn't pleased to be in Daphne's company and sits down very stiffly.
EILEEN: Why have you asked me here?
Daphne pours the tea while Eileen sits there in silence. Daphne tells Eileen that they didn't get on very well at first, but she doesn't hold grudges. She wants her and Eileen to start again. Eileen finally relents and admits that you could see more on the beach than in one of Daphne's shows. She finally agrees, though still stiffly, that she and Daphne can be on speaking terms.
With this out of the way, Daphne moves on - Des is engaged to be married.
Eileen is hurt that Des hasn't told her. Daphne says it's not fair that

########
Rank: 24
Score: 30.343985
Retrieved Text: Atul has been tutoring our son in Physics and Maths for the past four months. Our son’s confidence in both subjects has increased in that short time, and his marks have gone from C to A* in his school exams. Atul is passionate about the subjects he teaches, yet is also very aware of current exam board requirements as he prepares our son for his upcoming exams. Our son says he appreciates Atul’s calm and engaging manner and the fact that he is flexible and will quickly find a way to clarify anything than needs further explanation. We highly recommend Atul as a Maths and Science tutor.
Atul helped prepare my daughter for her GCSE maths exam in June 2014. His approach was brilliant. He found out what she needed to work on improving and then gave her practice and tips in a very accessible way (including homework!) I wouldn’t hesitate to recommend him and I will certainly be asking him to help when my daughter does A level maths.
I can highly recommend Atul for his maths tutoring. He is calm and patient and with his help my daughter just achieve an A grade at GCSE.
I was not expected to do very well in Maths A level, which was a problem as I hoped to study Engineering at University. Atul came and stayed with us for a few days in the build up to the exams. Grades went from a predicted D to an A. What changed wasn’t only an ability to solve equations but more importantly

########
Rank: 25
Score: 30.32674
Retrieved Text: Looking for Maths tutors in Bromley?
If you are looking for a private Maths tutor in Bromley, you are in the right place, we have an amazing selection of personally interviewed tutors who are here to help.
Natural Sciences student at University of Cambridge, specialising in Psychology, achieved 5 A* at A-levels. I plan to pursue a career as a science teacher.
A medical student doing engineering for a year. I am kind and friendly and passionate about helping students achieve their potential.
Need help finding Maths tutors in Bromley?
Tell us what you’re looking for and we’ll ask the right tutors to get in touch with you - so you can stop searching all over Bromley for the perfect fit, and have options straight to your inbox.
Design engineering undergraduate at the University of Bath. Passionate about STEM subjects and helping others learn to love them!
Hi, I'm Megan, a third year medical student at Bristol University hoping to help students tackle exams and reach their goals!
Great tutor. Will help you understand theories and help you apply them effectively to work problems. Thank you.
Adam seemed to be taking it all in and Safa is a very competent tutor. I'm sure more lessons will help Adam achieve his goals in maths.
As part of our nationwide Schools Programme, we deliver one-to-one support in schools near Bromley to target pupils’ learning gaps and complement the curriculum. Our Online Lessons are a timetabled feature and pupils who have tuition with us improve by +1.7 grades on average.
Finding Maths tutors in Bromley can be a daunting process

########
Rank: 26
Score: 30.302256
Retrieved Text: Ready for an escape to Florida's tropics? Your perfect Anna Maria Island vacation rental awaits! This charming island draws visitors out to Florida's beautiful beaches and family-friendly activities on the Gulf coast every time of year. Only 60 miles south of Tampa, Anna Maria Island is hidden in plain sight amidst the attractions of central Florida.
We offer a vast variety of Anna Maria Island vacation rentals, from the town of Anna Maria to Bradenton Beach. The namesake town occupies the northern end of the island, with plenty of local dining, cute cottages, and scenic piers to delight any visitor. Holmes Beach sits a little further south, where you'll find groceries, parks, and the beloved Manatee Public Beach. Drive down the road, and you're in Bradenton Beach---a point of mainland access, and home to some truly cute beach houses.
Anna Maria Island's picture-perfect beaches are the main attraction for vacation rental guests, so plan to spend plenty of time out in the sand and surf. Explore Leffis Key and test your bird watching skills while taking in the beauty of the wetlands. Skaters of all ages will want to test their chops at the island skate park - just don't forget to wear a helmet! Families looking for a quieter playground should check out Anna Maria Bayfront Park and head to Rod and Reel Pier for lunch afterward.
Of course, we can't blame you for wanting to spend all day at one of Anna Maria Island's gorgeous beaches. Manatee Public Beach is popular for its pristine sands and volleyball

########
Rank: 27
Score: 30.210812
Retrieved Text: One day last week Anna had a day off school with a cold.
When I went out to collect the eggs, a monarch butterfly landed on my shoulder. The chicken coop is right next to our large but well eaten and aphid-infested swan plant.
Of course Anna was delighted to have the butterfly on her.
We took it inside and put it on some flowers, where it seemed happy. Its wings were fresh and undamaged, and every now and then it flapped them. I think it was freshly hatched.
Anna thought it might turn into a caterpillar, so I drew out the lifecycle for her.
Then she drew one of her own.
Later we put the flowers in the sun, which is where I've seen freshly hatched butterflies choosing to rest and flap before. In an hour or so it fluttered away.
Look what I found a day or two later: what can you spot on the pea frame, about a 3 metre slow ooch from the swan plant?
Why do they have such beautiful golden flecks, I wonder?
Anna seemed to have a nice little 'home schooling' day. I also taught her about when and where to use an apostrophe, because I am so intolerant of incorrect punctuation that I can't even stand my six year old getting it wrong! In the afternoon she spent some time on YouTube watching something she's recently discovered and loved called 'Numberjacks'. But when I asked if she really liked the maths programme - because I could hear that it was very mathsy - she insisted it wasn't

########
Rank: 28
Score: 30.171997
Retrieved Text: A very confident, knowledgeable and disciplined teacher who makes maths fun for students and ultimately kids fall in love with mathematics. With her experience and knowledge she ensures that every child is taken care of individually and according to his or her aptitude. She doesn't not believe in teaching a big group at a time lest it shud become normal class room. Recommended strongly.
A very friendly and disciplined teacher who makes maths fun to learn. She has the experience and knowledge to teach kids in such a way that they start to love mathematics. Wishing her all the best.
Amit sir taught me chemistry for 12th standard. He is one of the best teacher I have ever known. He used to teach me with an ease and clarity that I understand the concepts very easily. Also, he takes 2-3 test in a week which further help in better understanding. Highly recommended.
He is an amazing teacher and has expertise in alll the subjects. I used to study 12th standard chemistry from him. The way he taught me everything is commendable. He provided me extra notes and study material which helped me in effective learning. I am very grateful to him.
Budget: Rs. 2000 Per Month Period: 1 year Class of Pupil: X School of Pupil: Orchids The International School I was quite weak in maths earlier, but when I started taking classes from Dhwani, I started feeling comfortable with Maths. Excellent and knowledgeable tutor. Highly recommended!
Budget: Rs. 2000 Per Month Period: 1 year Class of Pupil: X School of

########
Rank: 29
Score: 29.926483
Retrieved Text: Find a tutor in Adelaide for Maths, English, Physics, Chemistry & More! LearnMate provides one-on-one tutoring throughout the Adelaide region! Start your search for a tutor today!
Find a tutor in Adelaide today by doing a search!
Where Can I Find a Tutor in Adelaide?
LearnMate provides dedicated, one-on-one lessons to all students in a variety of Adelaide suburbs. We would recommend you start your search here to see who is available in your area today. We also provide in-home tutoring for those who want lessons in their home! Finding a tutor in Adelaide is simple with LearnMate!
Our private Adelaide tutors are all professional, personable and enthusiastic with all tutors achieving an excellent study score in their respective subjects. To become a tutor with LearnMate, all tutors must possess a valid Working with Children’s Check (a card supplied by the Government), and they must also complete a detailed questionnaire and complete online training. Further, all tutors are provided with online resources and opportunities to attend frequent collaborative meetups with other tutors. Being a great tutor is not just about their knowledge, but also about how well the tutor builds a relationship with the student founded on similar interests!
What Subject Are Adelaide Tutors Able to Teach?
Adelaide tutors can teach a variety of subjects in Adelaide including English, Maths, Science, Biology, Physics, Economics, Chemistry and so many more subjects! Find a tutor in Adelaide today!
Hi! I’m Angela, a Years 7 - 12 SACE Chinese Continuers (18.6), Research Project (9.8) & SACE English Studies tutor (17.6) and I’m committed to helping my

================



======= Instance Index 5900 =========
Input Text: Read the following conversation and answer the question.

W: You know I've often wondered why people laugh at the picture of a big belly businessman slipping on a banana skin and falling on his bottom. We are to feel sorry for them.

M: Actually, Laura, I think we laugh because we are glad it didn't happen to us. But of course there is also a kind of humorous satisfaction in seeing somebody self-important making a fool of themselves.

W: Yes, and there are a lot of jokes about people who are too fat or physically handicapped, you know, deaf, or short-sighted things like that. After all, it's not really funny to be like that.

M: Oh, I think that's because we're embarrassed. We don't know how to cope with the situation. Perhaps we are even a bit frightened we may get like that, so we laugh.

M: What about the custard pie routine?

W: What do you mean 'custard pie routine'?

M: You know, all those old films where someone gets so outraged with his boss, He picks up a custard pie and plasters it all over the other person's face.

W: That never makes me laugh much, because you can guess what's going to happen. But a lot of people still find it laughable. It must because of the sort of the thing we'd all love to do once in a while and never quiet have the courage to.

M: I had an old aunt who used to throw cups of tea at people when she was particularly irritated. She said it relieved her feelings.

W: It must have come a bit expensive.

M: Not really. She took care never to throw her best china.

Question: Why do many people find it funny to see someone throwing a custard pie on their boss's face? 

- They themselves would like to do it but don't dare to.

- It's an opportunity for relieving their tension.

- It's a rare chance for them to see the boss lose face.

Target Text: They themselves would like to do it but don't dare to.

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 39.801514
Retrieved Text: The townspeople of Coxheath have been hurling pies at one another since 1967.
When it comes to fundraising, most people settle for a bake sale, car wash, or a lemonade stand. Not the town of Coxheath, England. When planning to build a village hall, local politician Mike Fitzgerald devised a less traditional method of securing funds: a custard pie throwing competition.
Inspired by Charlie Chaplin’s pie-throwing in Behind the Screen, the tradition began in 1967. To date, people from China, Japan, Canada, and the United States have traveled to the British town in hopes of taking home the championship title. Contestants compete in groups of four, and they’re allowed to throw using only their left hand. Points are given for hitting the opposing team, who normally stands but a few feet away. A pie to the face results in six points, a direct hit anywhere from the shoulders up gets three points, and anywhere else on the body earns one. A player who misses his target three times, will receive a point reduction.
Some contestants choose to wear costumes (which range from animals to “grannies” to pirates), but by the end of the day, everyone’s wearing custard. Unfortunately for those interested in replicating the event’s signature custard pie at home, the recipe is a well-kept secret with the only confirmed ingredients being flour and water.
The competition is typically held in early June. Check the event website for upcoming dates. A team requires four people, and there is an entry fee of £40 per team.
The typical spot for the competition.
The

########
Rank: 1
Score: 39.238323
Retrieved Text: Global April Fool’s Pie Throwing Event?
Hat’s off to Leeloona The Clown, an enterprising woman in Portland, Oregon, who appears to be carrying the Internet-driven global revolution to a whole new height – community pie throwing contests among people dressed like clowns!
Leeloona has been busy using the social networks like Facebook and perhaps Twitter to organize a public pie-in-the-face event at noon on Friday, April Fool’s Day in Portland’s Waterfront Park.
The idea has been taking root. Since Leeloona began promoting her “Splashdown” at “Pie Noon,” a group in the UK has apparently picked up the call. This group, calling itself the Clown Army, is challenging the House of Windsor to a “Custard Pie Fight” on the grounds of Buckingham palace at “one minute and eleven seconds past “Pie Noon” on April 1. It is not know whether the Queen or the members of her court have agreed to allow such an event but the proposal is designed to crack a few wide grins among the Brits.
The sight of a distinguished person getting unexpectedly slapped in the face with a cream pie has been making people laugh ever since the idea was invented by slapstick comedians in the old vaudeville shows and early comedy films with such skilled performers as Laurel and Hardy and the Three Stooges.
One of the funniest skits I ever saw was an early black and white film in which the Three Stooges took a job unloading a pie truck filled with cream pies and bringing them into a banquet hall filled with distinguished and

########
Rank: 2
Score: 39.23802
Retrieved Text: Piers Morgan didn’t win over many new fans (which goes without saying) this week when he took to Twitter to shame James Bond star Daniel Craig for wearing a “papoose” style front baby carrier to hold his newborn daughter while out for a stroll. The British media personality is no stranger to putting his fragile masculinity on display, however, this take was so scorching hot that celebrities such as Chris Evans even came out of the woodwork to scold him.
Aside from being a professional Twitter troll, Morgan also hosts the morning chat show Good Morning Britain. On Wednesday’s show, he and his co-host Susanna Reid were talking with the family-friendly comedian Harry Hill, who is currently embarked on a tour teaching children how to be funny. As part of his show Hill explained that he teaches kids about slapstick by demonstrating how to make a custard pie to slap in someone’s face.
It probably wasn’t hard to see what was coming next, but it didn’t make it any less outstanding.
“What’s quite nice is to personalize the pie if you’re going to throw it at someone in particular, you might want to add a letter,” Hill explained. “Because this pie is for all those men who wear papooses,” he added, slapping Morgan in the face with his newly made pie.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 35.119915
Retrieved Text: Pilgrim Style Pumpkin Pie Using Turban Squash!
Today's post will be educational as well as delicious! As you can imagine, there is a story behind how this post came to be. Here it is.
My husband and I were watching PBS the other night. There was a special on about Fall in New England. As part of the special, we learned that when the pilgrims made pie, they didn't have much flour at the time for a pie crust, so they would bake custard right inside of the pumpkin. Then, they would slice the pumpkin in pie shaped wedges. Their pie had a spiced milk custard in it and the pumpkin was still just like the squash that it is and you would get some custard and pumpkin all at the same time when you took a bite.
Well, loving history like I do, I decided that I needed to try this method and of course take it a step further. Why not put actual pumpkin custard inside the pumpkin? So, I went to the store and not only did I find pumpkins for pie, but some other really great squash that I knew would work as a substitute for pumpkin if I wanted. Click on or hover over the pictures for descriptions.
Then I saw the Turban Squash! I was sold on that guy! He just looked ready to be my pie!
I knew I could cut out that top part and fill the squash with filling!
The directions on the Turban squash said to bake it at 350 degrees for

########
Rank: 4
Score: 33.769493
Retrieved Text: THE NEW YORKER thrown in people's faces in an audience-patticipation pro- gram called "County Fair." "They're throwing imitation pies!" our friend said in con- siderable excitement, a:nd urged us to look into the matter. We've done so, with the assist- ance of a gentleman named Billy Becher, who has been f " c F . " prop man or ounty aIr ever since he got his discharge from the Field Artillery, in March, 1946. The program is broadcast by C.B.S. every Sat- urday afternoon from one- thirty to two, is sponsored by the Borden Company, and, Mr. Becher explained, consists of rumpus and con acts. In a characteristic "County Fair" rumpus act, the participants engage in a game of musica] chairs, in the course of which, when the music stops, they plunge into bathtubs full of water; in a typical con act, one contestant is conned into hit- ting another contestant in the face with a pie. On one occa- sion, an insurance salesman and his wife were plucked from the audience, and the salesman was sold a fifty-cent pie-insurance policy by the M.C., the policy entitling the beneficiary-the man's wife-to fifty dollars if he should be hit in the face with a pie during the program. The M.C. then handed the wife a pie and let na- ture take its course. This is known as the " 1 d " 1 d o d o ove-or-gree pot, an IS use In any number of variations in "County Fair." Love, Becher told us, has yet to

########
Rank: 5
Score: 33.6563
Retrieved Text: Y’all know how much I love my “heritage” recipes. This one of the absolutely best of those. Just chock full of childhood memories – Egg Custard Pie. I’m not absolutely certain that this pie is strictly a southern heritage recipe, but it seems so to me. Maybe that’s just because it has always been one of my favorites.
Now, if you’re looking for one of those “mile high” type pies that’s rich and extra sweet, then this pie is not for you. But if you want a luscious, creamy treat that is perfect after any meal, I have your recipe right here. This is really nothing more than egg custard baked in a pie crust. It has the richness of whole milk and eggs and the perfume of a dusting of nutmeg but it is not overly sweet. If I had to choose my favorite pie, it would be difficult to choose between this one and a coconut meringue, but I think the egg custard would win.
This is the simplest recipe that I know for egg custard. Lots of recipes require the milk to be scalded and gradually beaten into the egg and sugar mixture and I’ve made it that way many, many times. But, I have also found that it doesn’t make much difference at all whether the milk is scalded or just added right into the eggs and sugar. I can’t tell the difference in the finished pie and skipping that scalding step makes this recipe go so quickly. I’m all for fewer steps and

########
Rank: 6
Score: 33.434284
Retrieved Text: Last night was, apparently, Tibetan New Year's Eve. Which I guess makes today Tibetan New Year's Day. Happy Lhosar for the Year of the Ox.
I discovered this on turning up to the Tibetan Kitchen on Petrie Terrace for dinner with my folks and Queen Pat (my champagne-guzzling, Vanuatu-dwelling, sole-remaining grandparent) and discovering they had an excellent $25-a-head buffet dinner going on.
I had a moment of "But we just had Chinese New Y.... oh, yeah. Yeah, I can see how they'd want to avoid that."
The best thing was the fortune cookies served with dessert. The instructional letter left on each table explicitly stated the fortune cookies were "NOT to be eaten!". And with good reason. Made out of dough, they each contain one of 13 items, many of which could choke you to death. But the items correspond with a character trait, which "may or may not" match your own personality.
I got cotton. "Somebody that is very soft-hearted". Kinda true, I guess. The Wah will attest to the fact I do have an affinity for freaks. I also can't tell lies, and am easily influenced. I even shed a tear at the end of Love, Actually - even though I hated the film and everything it stood for.
My Dad got a woodstick: "Who can build as many houses as possible". Somewhat true, if you take it in a figurative "good provider" kind of way, or in a more literal "excellent with tools and various stuff about the house".
We all had a gut laugh when my Gran finally

########
Rank: 7
Score: 33.236164
Retrieved Text: Come on over for a piece of pie. Lately, all I want to do is bake pies and my family is pretty happy about that. Everyone has their favorite from the apple pie lover to the mixed berry lover. I love butterscotch pie, it’s an old fashion favorite and it’s perfect when I want something rich and creamy and a bit indulgent.
Legend has it that butterscotch pie was invented in Connersville, Indiana by Sarah Wheeler in 1904. Maybe that’s why we always had butterscotch pies since Connersville was close to my hometown. Growing up in Indiana this pie was always on the table for our family gatherings. One thing I know is there are a lot of butterscotch pie recipes with so many variations that it’s hard to know which one to make. Today, in honor of my grandma Margaret I am happily making her recipe.
Cooking with my grandma meant no measuring of anything, just put ingredients in a pan and stir and everything tasted perfect. To be honest when I tried making something I saw grandma make it never tasted as good and getting her recipes written down took a lot of time and patience. I’m curious, do you have grandma recipes?
Butterscotch is not the same thing as caramel. Butterscotch is made with brown sugar and caramel is made with white sugar.
The Butterscotch filling is made with simple ingredients and is a custard you add to a pre-baked pie shell.
Now I am going to be totally honest about making the butterscotch custard filling that goes

########
Rank: 8
Score: 33.003334
Retrieved Text: We’re all made differently and that holds true in our reactions to humor. Most of what people think is funny, is not even mildly so to me. Leaves me scratching my head, wondering why on earth someone would think that’s funny when it doesn’t evoke even a smile from me. Now …lest you think I’m a grouch …nothing could be further from the truth. I just have a different sense of humor than most. Seeing someone fall down a flight of stairs with a bunch of pies in his hands just doesn’t do it for me. Neither does seeing someone take a pie and push it into someone’s face. Sorry, that’s not even remotely funny to me, in fact it’s annoying.
It takes a lot to get me to laugh at something, but when I do …that means it’s REALLY funny. Or at least …that’s what I think.
Well I’ve needed a good laugh for a very long time. So I’ve put together a humor site holding the kind of humor that makes me laugh. Perhaps your sense of humor is different and you might not think any of this is funny. But I’m recording it here for anyone with the same kind of dry sense of humor that I have. If these make you laugh …that makes my day.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 32.82174
Retrieved Text: The British television presenter is known for airing controversial opinions to the public, but his most recent outburst landed him in some trouble this week with comedian Harry Hill. During an interview on Good Morning Britain, a breakfast show presented by Morgan and co-host Susanna Reid, Hill was demonstrating how to make the perfect custard pie when he capitalized on the opportunity to launch the creamy dessert into Morgan’s face.
The comedian was referring to a comment Morgan had made recently in relation to Daniel Craig, who was seen carrying his infant daughter in a baby sling.
The unsuspecting presenter initially froze and didn’t outwardly respond when Hill slapped the pie into his face. Both presenters seemed genuinely stunned at the comedian’s daring actions, but Reid soon broke out into laughter at her co-presenter's misfortune.
The scene then turned into a frenzied food fight, with Morgan throwing his pie at Reid, only to be pied a second time in return.
It may not be for everyone, but with the likes of James Bond and Captain America sporting the parenting garment, the “papoose” is anything but emasculating.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 32.429363
Retrieved Text: We have a 3 girl Me Pie Me today.
Featuring the lovely Amy, Sky and Amie.
Each girl has to make a pie with custard and cream, pie themselves in the face and tip a shot of custard over their head, the one that does it the least times in 2 minutes, gets gunged.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 32.126987
Retrieved Text: This smooth, custard-like Amish Buttermilk Pie is a unique recipe with a sweet, fresh flavor.
As you know, I love finding old-fashioned recipes and making Amish recipes from old Amish cookbooks. If you’ve ever used one of these cookbooks, you’ll find that a lot of times the recipes are very vague. They assume you know what temperature to bake a pie or for exactly how long a recipe should bake. Tricky, right? Because I don’t always know how long a pie should bake. I’m still learning about baking every.single.day.
Which is why I had to make this Amish Buttermilk Pie 4 times. Yes, 4 times. To get it perfect. Just for you!
I normally think of pie as stuffed mile-high full of fruit, so finding this pie filling that takes just 5 minutes to mix up, made with buttermilk? You bet I had to try it.
The main ingredient in this Amish recipe is buttermilk. Normally when a recipe calls for buttermilk, I simply use a mixture of milk or cream and vinegar. This homemade buttermilk gives the effect that you need in rolls, breads, pancakes and such. But since this recipe called for 2 cups of buttermilk, I used the real stuff. You can find buttermilk in the dairy section of your grocery store right by the milk and cream. Store bought buttermilk is thicker, which is needed for this recipe.
This recipe is fairly simple and straightforward. You can use store-bought pie crust to make, but may I suggest our grandma’s pie crust? Her pie crust was the best.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 32.11548
Retrieved Text: First is Harry, my host brother and he likes dancing:) sooooo cute!! Next is my dinner. My host father made it 😉 Taste was good. Finally, this is my room. I don’t know why, but there are two beds! Nice room.
It’s my great host family and I spend much funny time with them everyday. They are my cute younger sisters (8 years old and 10 years old).
This is my room. There are two beds! My host family have accepted a lot of people until now, so maybe that is why there are two bed. The next picture is my dinner on the first day! It’s curry!!! It was spicy and so hot!! But very yum!!! After the meal, I ate apple pie with custard cream! It was so sweet and delicious!

########
Rank: 13
Score: 32.03928
Retrieved Text: Cracker Barrel Pumpkin Custard N’ Ginger Snaps is a seasonal offering at the Cracker Barrel Old Country store. Looking for something other than pumpkin pie? This is a rich and creamy homemade custard with a ginger snap topping, and a dollop of pumpkin pie spice-infused whipped cream. If you aren’t near to one of the Cracker Barrel Old Country Stores, you can still sample the flavor of this dessert with this CopyKat recipe.
This has to be one of my favorite recipes that I have tried this fall. Pumpkin is a wonderful flavor of the fall. I honestly don’t know why we don’t prepare more dishes with pumpkin. Pumpkin can be made sweet or savory. This dish is wonderfully complex and you can prepare this in individual custard dishes, or you can make it in a larger dish and serve this one family style.
If you have never made a custard before, don’t let this stop you from trying this recipe. Custard making isn’t too complicated. You will need to cook this custard on the stove top in a double boiler before baking this in the oven. If you don’t have a fancy double boiler simply take a medium size pot to fill it until you have a couple of inches of water in the pot, and place a glass bowl on top.
Every fall Cracker Barrel serves up this amazing pumpkin custard and ginger snaps.
Crack open 8 eggs, and separate the whites from the yolks. In a medium-sized glass bowl add egg yolks and whisk until they are

########
Rank: 14
Score: 31.419426
Retrieved Text: I am obsessed with forgotten and lost recipes. Maybe you are too.
You know what I mean, those recipes that you might remember from your childhood, family memories or long gone restaurant favorites. They come forward pretty quickly when we cast our mind back.
One day I would love to have a blog or a baking show (ambitious I know) that focused on helping bakers find their lost or forgotten recipes. If you like this idea, please let me know.
Today's recipe is one of those. I had this custard pie years ago in Ashfield, MA the town where I had my bed and breakfast. It was at a church potluck and Mrs. Loomis, who had brought the pie told me it was her grandmother's recipe - making it about 80 years old.
What makes it so good? Just perfect pie crust holding creamy custard that is kissed by nutmeg. I don't why it got lost - we still have other custards like pumpkin and quiche that we make a lot. Maybe it's because we move faster and eat differently then we used too. Custard pie is reminiscent of Sunday suppers, bridge luncheons and church potlucks - these still exist but not they used too. But this pie can become more mainstream, if we make it and bakers it's simple to make.
And if you want to practice pie crust (well before Thanksgiving) and need a filling that is quick and easy - this is it. Put this one in your pie repertoire and let me know what you think.
Equipment: One

########
Rank: 15
Score: 31.382925
Retrieved Text: Nancy Patton of Guilford, Connecticut, writes: "As a new subscriber to Bon Appétit, I was delighted to see the "R.S.V.P." section. I've been yearning for a recipe from a Memphis restaurant called McEwen's on Monroe. The food is excellent; the wine list is among the best in the city. But above all else, McEwen's offers the best banana cream pie I've ever tasted. I would love to have the recipe."
A bit of mashed banana gives a slightly chewy texture to the graham cracker crust. Make the pie at least eight hours ahead to allow the crust to soften slightly. Top the pie with whipped cream, if desired.
Preheat oven to 350°F. Stir graham cracker crumbs, sugar, and mashed banana in large bowl to blend. Add unsalted butter and stir to moisten evenly. Press onto bottom and up sides of 10-inch-diameter glass pie dish. Chill until firm, about 30 minutes.
Whisk sugar, cornstarch, and salt in heavy medium saucepan to blend. Gradually whisk in whipping cream and whole milk, then egg yolks. Scrape in seeds from vanilla bean; add vanilla bean. Whisk over medium-high heat until custard thickens and boils, about 6 minutes. Remove from heat. Whisk in unsalted butter and vanilla extract. Discard vanilla bean. Transfer custard to large bowl; cool completely, whisking occasionally, about 1 hour.
Stir custard to loosen, if necessary. Spread 1 cup custard over bottom of prepared crust. Top with half of sliced bananas, then 1 cup custard, covering bananas completely. Repeat layering with remaining bananas and remaining custard. Chill banana cream pie until filling

########
Rank: 16
Score: 31.337862
Retrieved Text: Last Friday, we had a bible study and the key verse is Matthew 7:7. There is a difference between ask, seek, and knock. Something major is happening in my life right now. And I am seeking His will for me. It’s through reading His Word that we could know His will for us or in the form of other things. And today, I’m taking His answer through a pastor in church channel about Exodus.
When life happens to you, what are you gonna do. Sometimes, it makes me want to just be a spectator, an audience to a korean series. Or something like that. Being the lead actor can be hard. Life happening is hard. Because you have to move. Action is required. It may leave you disappointed, hurt, but it can leave you happy, and satisfied.
God knows us. We may not understand most of the time, but seeking and finding His face amidst the chaos is the most comforting.
All in. I have to give it all in for God.
Life is full of humor. Sometimes it’s not funny. Especially when it involves the heart. I don’t know why it has to happen. What should I learn from this? Is this just supposed to hurt me? What’s the purpose of this? What should I do about this?
There is this food place in Gil Puyat, just in front of the BBL Bus Terminal, that sells bread and other meals. Last Monday, because I woke up late and took a long time preparing to go to work that I was

########
Rank: 17
Score: 31.295006
Retrieved Text: "There is someone in the living world who knows about Grim's plans," said Angel.
"My aunt," said Angel. "Aunt Siobhan."
"Yes," said Angel. "She could speak with Alex."
​"But will he listen to her, being a Paragon and the mother-in-law of a Sweglord?"
"Alex is engaged to her grandson, Henry. I think he will listen to her."
"Engaged?" said Gemma. Her eyes stared off passed Angel. Alex engaged to a Sweglord? Alex engaged to Henry? Alex engaged without me knowing? Now that is interesting.
Madelyn entered The Boss's office. The moment her eyes fell on the boss of Morcucorp, she looked away.
Maybe if I don't see him, he won't see me? She told herself.
"Everything alright?" said Luka, walking down the stairs.
Great! ​thought Madelyn. Her plan to slip out unnoticed and inform the king, had failed.
"Friends of The King, I assume?"
Madelyn hissed 'look what you've done' to Luka.
The Boss and the two 'intruders' stared at each other, neither knowing what to say.
This really isn't what we had planned, ​thought Madelyn.
One of his officers entered the room and muttered in The Boss's ear.
The Boss's face darkened and he began cursing at the computer screen.
As for the officer, she smiled smugly at Madelyn and Luka and Madelyn wasn't sure if this was a 'you're so dead' smile or a 'psst, I'm really the Resistance'.
Madelyn put a hand on her hip. This is honestly the most awkward Sh** I've been in since Alex mentioned he loved avocados. Dude! Find your own favourite food. Avocados are mine!
Alex came down the stairs. If Madelyn was completely honest with

########
Rank: 18
Score: 31.143549
Retrieved Text: Des Moines Flirt is part of the Online Connections dating network, which includes many other general dating sites. As a member of Des Moines Flirt, your profile will automatically be shown on related general dating sites or to related users in the Online Connections network at no additional charge. For more information on how this works, click.
Join the user-friendly dating site DoULike and check out all local Des Moines personals for free. Chat, make new friends, find your soulmate or people to hang out with, it’s much easier here than on craigslist or backpage personals.
Dating Des Moines - Our online dating site can help you to find more relationships and more dates. Discover your love today or find your perfect match right now. Dating Des Moines. On the other hand, we must also keep in mind that online dating sites are not always free from hazards.
Nov 12, How is Des moine in comparison? I know its not chicago, but im still hoping to find a pretty girl who is like minded and date-able. Also Im a.
Our Desmoines matchmaking experts provide an enjoyable alternative to online dating websites. Des Moines, IA. Get Started As an It’s Just Lunch Des Moines client, we guarantee you will go out on dates. Face to face dates. the It’s Just Lunch Desmoines matchmaking team not only selects your matches but also coordinates.
Find Personals listings in Des Moines on Oodle Classifieds. Join millions of people using Oodle to find great personal ads. Personals in Des Moines (1 - 15 of 77) Are

########
Rank: 19
Score: 31.135586
Retrieved Text: Do you remember the custard pie your grandmother would make? She served it topped with nutmeg and a scoop of vanilla ice cream on the side. Truth be told though, I never took a piece of there was fruit pie available. There is something about the color and “taste of spring” a good fruit pie brings to the table. This one is a perfect combination of both fruit and custard. Fresh from the bush, these raspberries make this custard pie pop!
For more fresh fruit ideas see my Raspberry Chicken, Gluten Free Raspberry Ginger Muffins, Espresso Cheesecake with Raspberries, or Raspberry Custard Pie.
Fresh from the bush, these raspberries make this custard pie pop!
Gently rinse fresh raspberries immediately before use, pat dry with paper towel.
Combine milk, sugar, eggs, and cornstarch and mix thoroughly.
Pour mixture into pie shell.Optional : Add berries to the custard mixture.
Congratulations on the Feature at Foodie Friday. I really do love this pie.
Thank you so much for the feature Amy. I am thrilled and also glad you like the pie. Have a great day.
Oooh yes! I am really getting to crave vanilla bean. Glad you like it. Have a great day.
I love the berries on top, a yummy looking pie. That vanilla ice cream that you mentioned would go so well with this pie.
We will feature it on the next Blogger’s Pit Stop.
Thank you Kathleen. I am glad you liked it. And double thanks for the feature. I am thrilled. Enjoy your day.
Oh this does look yummy Marilyn. I would love to try a slice

########
Rank: 20
Score: 31.080761
Retrieved Text: Pie Face is an original and exciting game where someone WILL get splatted! Players load the throwing arm with squirty or wet cream, place their face in the frame, start turning the handles and prey the they don't get a face full of cream!
Evry turn of the handle, without getting pie-faced, will earn the player one point. The first to 25 points is the winner.
We constantly check for Pie Face stock, so you don't have to.
Receive email alerts when Pie Face online stock is found.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 31.040596
Retrieved Text: Character is power; it makes friends, draws patronage and support and opens the way to wealth, honor and happiness.
What a folly to dread the thought of throwing away life at once, and yet have no regard to throwing it away by parcels and piecemeal.
Every character I play has to be the hero of his own story, the way we're all heroes of our own lives.
To be a character who feels a deep emotion, one must go into the memory's vault and mix in a sad memory from one's own life.
You have to understand the tone of the movie, because if it's supposed to be funny, it can be funny violent like the Home Alone stuff, but you have to really understand the tone of what you're doing and make the action work for that and for the character.
And what's interesting about him as a comic character is that the custard pie hardly ever ends up on his face.
I worked on my voice for Sweet Dreams, but only to match my speaking voice to Patsy's actual singing voice. That was my way into that character.
I didn't want to be greedy. It's a mark of bad character and I always believed that pigs go the slaughterhouse.
The analysis of character is the highest human entertainment.
Love is the expression of one's values, the greatest reward you can earn for the moral qualities you have achieved in your character and person, the emotional price paid by one man for the joy he receives from the virtues of another.
To have an opportunity

########
Rank: 22
Score: 30.59563
Retrieved Text: Why are people hitting themselves in the face with pie?
NEW YORK (KFSN) -- There's a new challenge taking shape that has people hitting themselves in the face with a pie to raise awareness about a rare condition, Gastroparesis.
The Pie Face challenge was started by Andrew Belliveau from Lynn, Massachusetts a few months back.
Belliveau, now 20, suffers from the condition that causes stomach muscles to work improperly. Patients are unable to digest food properly, causing severe nausea and vomiting.
"Gastroparesis was the most debilitating condition I had. GP caused me to have 24/7 constant nausea and vomiting episodes up to 20 times a day for 3 straight years. It was living hell," he wrote on Facebook.
So far, Belliveau has gotten many Boston Red Sox players to participate in the challenge, and now Yankees shortstop Didi Gregorious has taken the challenge.
Record yourself smashing a pie tin full of whipped cream in your face, post it on social media and challenge someone else to do the #GPPieFaceChallenge.
Participants are also encouraged to donate to G-PACT, a non-profit that conducts resaearch and provides resources for Gastroparesis and other digestive tract conditions. So far, more than $5,000 has been raised, Belliveau said.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 30.506878
Retrieved Text: This is my second recipe with rhubarb and one of my favorite dessert: fruit pie. I really love the combination of tart rhubarb with the creamy and sweet taste of custard.
Why rhubarb is so interesting!
You may know that the stalks are the only things eaten, because the triangular leaves are extremely high in oxalic acid, which can cause severe illness in people.
No surprise, rhubarb is low in calories (21 calories per 100 grams) but it holds some vital phyto-nutrients such as dietary fiber, poly-phenolic anti-oxidants, minerals, and vitamins.
It contains vitamin K (37% daily value per 100 grams), an essential property that helps with blood clotting, limiting neuronal damage in the brain, protecting the bones and help fighting off liver and prostate cancer.
Rhubarb is also a good source of vitamin C (great for a healthy immune system), vitamin A (the red rhubarb), calcium, potassium manganese and magnesium.
And do you know that like many fruits, rhubarb is best eaten with a fat to help absorption of carotenoids and vitamin K.
This is my grandmother Lucie pie crust recipe, already published in my first blog.
Try to work these steps (after adding the cold water) as fast as you can. This is one of the secrets for a flaky and soft crust.
Wrap the ball in plastic wrap, and chill for at minimum 30 minutes or overnight. This allows the water to fully hydrate the dough, making for a more cohesive product that’s easier to roll out.
Preheat oven to 350°. On a well-floured surface, roll dough into a 9″ circle. Press into

########
Rank: 24
Score: 30.47215
Retrieved Text: Hi, how are you today? It’s Sunday, traditionally the day of rest. Since not everyone gets to stay at home, I have a treat for you. Either to make for your family and loved ones when then come in from work, any day of the week, or just because it is so delicious. A dessert that will make you want to go for a brisk walk afterwards, or snuggle up on the sofa and have a nap. Here is my Amazing Apple Pie.
Rest and relaxation is so important. More so nowadays in our 24/7 world. While life, with work/children/DIY/etc. can sometimes feel as though we are chasing our tails. It is important to take time to stop and rest. Turn off our electrical devices, mentally switch off from all the tasks still to be ‘done’ and simply be. Whether that be playing a board game, reading a book or going for a walk. Rest is good for our mind, body and soul.
I will let you into a secret, once you’ve finished your list of things that MUST be done, guess what? More ‘jobs’ will miraculously appear! So if we take a few hours, or even a whole day to chill out, rest, or spend time doing something, that in itself is relaxing, we will feel soo much better. And be ready to face the world and all the demands that are placed on us.
We were created to work and be fruitful (no pun intended on the Amazing Apple Pie) but also to rest.
Obviously I’m aware many,

########
Rank: 25
Score: 30.414042
Retrieved Text: Getting to Know Your NSPN Family: Did Someone Say Pie?
January 23 is National Pie Day – not to be confused with Pi Day which is in March. This day has nothing to do with a continuous number that goes into infinity and everything to do with a continuous deliciousness that goes into infinity!
Tammy Hopper, Chief Strategic Initiatives Officer: My grandmother’s chocolate pie – There isn’t one thing about it that was good for me except that it always made me feel better. Love is always the most important ingredient.
Katie Carter, Director of Research, Education & Public Policy: I’m really an equal opportunist when it comes to pie, though I tend to lean more toward fruit and chocolate-nut pies instead of creamy or meringue pies.
April Carthorn, General Specialist: It was hard work as a child cracking bags and bags of pecans. Our hands would sometimes bleed but there was no stopping us because we knew that the sweet, gooey pecan pie would soon sooth any bleeding hands and messes to clean up; it would make the tummy very happy.
Lindsey Collier, Human Trafficking Specialist: Cherry pie is my favorite! My grandmother always made it and it is the first pie she taught me how to bake. When I eat cherry pie, I always think of her.
Zach Elmore, Operations Specialist: Pumpkin pie – It reminds me of Thanksgiving and family.
Kim Frierson, Training Specialist: Apple (double crust if that’s an option) or the Chess pie from Homemade Pie & Ice Cream Kitchen.
Susan Harmon, Director of Safe Place National Operations: Either

########
Rank: 26
Score: 30.403202
Retrieved Text: Image: McDonald's. Design: Kenzie Mastroe/SheKnows.
December is full of sweet treats. From Advent calendars to Christmas cookies, it seems sugar-laden goodies abound. And McDonald’s — never one too miss out on the action — is getting in on the seasonal goodie game.
The fast-food chain just announced their holiday pies are back, at least for a limited time.
The dessert looks a lot like their infamous apple pie, but with a few notable differences. Instead of being filled with jam, the holiday pie is full of custard. The exterior is browned and then coated with glaze. Oh, and the whole thing is topped with rainbow sprinkles.
The return of the holiday pie was confirmed by McDonald’s on Monday with a “’tis the season” tweet.
However, when some Twitter users expressed concern after they were unable to find the sweet snack, the chain clarified their initial statement.
Hi! While we haven't released an official date for the Holiday Pies, their availability will be decided by the location's owner/operator. We recommend letting your local restaurant know that you'd love to see them back on the menu!
Of course, this means some may not be able to find the holiday pie — at least not yet — but those who have tasted the custard-filled pastry have already taken to Twitter to express their excitement.
I don't promote the eating of sweets, but every now and then, it's okay.
As with all seasonal goods, the holiday pie will only be available for a limited time, so if you find them in your neighborhood, be sure to grab one before

########
Rank: 27
Score: 30.376085
Retrieved Text: The ingredients are so simple and I think that's part of the appeal. I've included a scratch-made pie crust recipe, but if you're in a hurry then a refrigerated pie crust is an acceptable shortcut.
I used some fancy pastry cutters to make woodsy little pie crust ornaments. You can find those cutters here if you'd like to gussy up your pies, too.
Some cooks like to put the unbaked cut-outs on the pie before baking, but I like to bake them separately on a cookie sheet. This keeps them from over-browning, which they tend to do on the pie as it bakes. After the pie is cooked then you can tile the decors around the edge of the crust. The custard filling does a good job of holding them onto the pie.
The bourbon whipped cream is a southern staple around the holiday table for all kinds of desserts - and especially for hot cocoa! It is delicious on top of the tangy buttermilk custard in this pie.
I developed this recipe for the American Butter Institute, so check out the recipe on their website Go Bold With Butter.
Yes please to that bourbon whipped cream!
This looks amazing! Do you have any Bourbon brand recommendations?
This looks amazing! Do you have a recommended bourbon brand for this recipe?
We love Maker's Mark or Wild Turkey. I use Wild Turkey frequently because it's usually less expensive to bake with.
I've never thought to use bourbon in a pie recipe before. And those cutouts, where did you get those? Love, love, love them!
You can find

########
Rank: 28
Score: 30.339983
Retrieved Text: On Monday the US Navy Parachute Leapfrogs Team demonstrated their skills parachuting to the Boston Common. As you can see, there was a swarm of media interviewing this parachutist. Watch a cable news report video.
Compared to population, only a very few people are able to fly; That's why parachutists seem always so attractive, I guess..Funny, this name, "Leap frog"!
btw Great comment about Gary Player.
My husband happened to look out his office window just in time to see them drifting down to the Common! So many things happening there... heck, I bet someone could do a Boston Common blog and never run out of material...!
I wonder what it must be like to have so many cameras stuck in your face, I can't think of anything worse!

########
Rank: 29
Score: 30.274942
Retrieved Text: I’m pretty sure everyone loves pizza. There are just so many ways that you can enjoy it. A variety of crusts, toppings, sauces, and servings really can make just about anyone happy. Plus, because there are so many different places to get pizza, the price can always be counted upon. Of course, not all pizza companies are created equal. Pizza Shuttle, located in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, throws in a handful of extras to their orders, setting them apart from the likes of places like Papa John’s, Godfather’s and Domino’s. That’s why Pizza Shuttle was added to the 2012 Hall of Fame.
Located in Milwaukee, Wisconson Pizza Shuttle has a handful of signature extras. My personal favorite is the “The Largest Pie in Wisconsin” a veritable $39.95 gut buster. According to an article by Josh McDonald, it looks like they also throw in the ice cream as an added lagniappe. While there isn’t much out there about the origins of Pizza Shuttle, one thing is certain–they are the masters of a first and last impression when it comes to pizza.
WHY MONSTER PIES AND CUSTARD?
When it comes to eating pizza, there is no such thing as “enough.” Whether you’re struck by the ooey gooey cheese or the way your teeth sink into the crust, we usually can’t help but take just one more piece, can we? At Pizza Shuttle, their pies are out of this world good. Made up at just the right combination of cheese, crust, toppings, and grease, one slice is never enough. Of course, when you order

================



======= Instance Index 3869 =========
Input Text: Read the following conversation and answer the question.

M: Are you ready for the trip to the "Big Apple"?

W: "Big Apple"? What do you mean?

M: "Big Apple" is the nickname for New York City. Are you going to New York with us, or aren't you?

W: Yes, I'm going. I'm especially looking forward to visiting a special show on modern American painters there. But tell me, where did the nickname come from?

M: Some of the musicians of the 20s gave it the name. When they played a concert in New York in the 1920s, the musicians called it the "Big Apple".

W: Amazing. New York is such an interesting place and it even has an interesting nickname.

Question: Who gave the nickname "Big Apple" to New York City? 

- Some painters.

- Some musicians.

- Some people visiting New York.

Target Text: Some musicians.

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 39.70774
Retrieved Text: New York (NY) Morning Telegraph track writer John J. Fitz Gerald (1893-1963) had been calling the New York racetracks (and New York City, by extension) the “Big Apple” in his newspaper columns since 1921. A nightclub called “Big Apple” opened in Harlem in 1934, at the northwest corner of West 135th Street and Seventh Avenue (now Adam Clayton Powell Jr. Boulevard). The nightclub, opposite the popular Smalls Paradise, spread the “Big Apple” term to Harlem in the 1930s.
In 1937, a “Big Apple” dance craze (started in Columbia, South Carolina) swept Harlem and the rest of the nation, furthering popularizing the “Big Apple” term.
This is not correct. Calloway recorded the “Apple” nickname in 1938, but he did not coin it. “Big Apple” (and just “Apple") had been common enough by 1938 in Harlem and all throughout the United States, so Calloway’s dictionary cannot be said to have first popularized “Big Apple,” either. Nevertheless, Calloway’s dictionary is an important document of 1930s Harlem speech.
Cab Calloway’s cat-ologue : a “hepster’s” dictionary.
The new Cab Calloway’s cat-ologue. [Rev. ed.].
Publisher:	[Place of publication not identified]: [publisher not identified], 1939, ©1938.
The new Cab Calloway’s hepsters dictionary : language of jive.
Publisher:	[Place of publication not identified] : [publisher not identified], ©1944.
Cab Calloway’s Hepster’s Dictionary (1938) is an introduction to the slang of musicians working in New York’s Harlem. As lexicographer Jonathan Green notes, slang is a “counter-language” used primarily by the poor.
Apple (n.): the big town, the main stem, Harlem.
Calloway was the first to publish a book of Black slang that explicitly defined “Apple” as New

########
Rank: 1
Score: 34.01107
Retrieved Text: » A sobriquet is a nickname, sometimes assumed, but often given by another. Distinct from a pseudonym that is assumed as a disguise, it more resembles a nickname and usually is a familiar name, familiar enough such that it may be used in place of a real name without the need of explanation. This salient characteristic is of sufficient familiarity that the sobriquet may become more familiar than the original name.
» The top-ranked nickname in the survey was New York City's "The Big Apple," followed by "Sin City" (Las Vegas), "The Big Easy" (New Orleans), "Motor City" (Detroit), and "The Windy City" (Chicago).
» Paris is often referred to as "The City of Light" (La Ville Lumière), both because of its leading role during the Age of Enlightenment, and more literally because Paris was one of the first European cities to adopt gas street lighting.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 33.95287
Retrieved Text: Did you know that the state of New York is the biggest producer of apples in the country? Believe it or not, this actually has nothing to do with the city’s famous nickname. Dating back to the city’s racetracks in the 1930’s, the nickname “The Big Apple” became popular when legendary sports writer John J. Fitz Gerald overheard it being used by some stable boys. Serving as a symbol of the sweet wealth of opportunity offered by the city, Fitz Gerald found the name more than fitting and soon the whole world was looking to The Big Apple.
Take a bite out of the big apple in style with this insanely soft tee. Whether you’re cruising through the streets of New York’s famous Chinatown or checking out the view from the Brooklyn Bridge, there’s no better choice for keeping cool and comfortable all day long. Get yours today!

########
Rank: 3
Score: 32.158188
Retrieved Text: On April 1st, 2019 and after 10 years of being known as the Platinum PIAs Community Award Show, the torch was handed to the new incarnation known as the Big Apple Awards. Why the change of name? It is to be able to better serve our online community which consists of business owners as well as those of you pursuing long term careers including visual and performing arts. All of these folks like you are interested in promoting their ventures and garnering results but also want to give back. Therefore the mission of the Big Apple Awards is to recognize you and others who are using their marketing to make a difference.
USA Create is a budding collective of freelancers that custom creates for their clients “Online Marketing Made in America.” They are also known to provide marketing for people who dislike social media. As proud sponsors of the Big Apple Awards they help to recognize you who uses your marketing to make a difference in your community wherever it is in the United States.
As many of you know, the moniker “Big Apple” is a nickname for New York City, specifically Manhattan, NY. But the Big Apple Awards, which are based in Manhattan, recognizes people not just from the Big Apple but from all over the United States. Although it’s not until April 1, 2020 that the 11th Annual Big Apple Awards will occur (receiving the 10 year torch from the Platinum PIAs) nominations start officially on April 1, 2019. If you or someone you know uses

########
Rank: 4
Score: 32.079697
Retrieved Text: Sometimes, amazing stories don't always have happy endings. A 3-foot-long alligator who was found wandering the streets of New York City has unfortunately passed away, just hours after he was rescued.
The alligator was taking a leisurely stroll down Ninth Avenue in Inwood when he was picked up byAnimal Care Centers of NYC (ACC), who gave him the nickname CockadoodleQ. They had intended to eventually release him back into his natural habitat in the wild, but sadly, the mysterious visitor passed away only 12 hours later.
A spokesperson for the ACC told The New York Times that the cause of death had not been not yet been determined.
It's illegal to have exotic animals as pets in New York City - and that includes alligators. It's likely that this poor little guy was abandoned by his owner after he got too big to be kept indoors.
People took to Twitter on Saturday to show their condolences for CockadoodleQ, who had become a mini celebrity in his short time in New York City.
To read more about the exotic pet trade and why it's cruel to animals, go here.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 31.743465
Retrieved Text: New York City is a melting pot of restaurants and music. Did you know more than 300 concerts are performed in New York City in any given month? From country to opera, there is variety music for every type of music lover to enjoy. However, there is more than the music for visitors and music lovers of New York to enjoy. Did you know a number of festivals are also help in the “Big Apple?” Have you ever wondered how the City got its nickname, the “Big Apple?” Given to New York by sports writer, John J. Fitz Gerald, every column in 1924 started with “The Big Apple…” Why Gerald started calling New York City the “Big Apple” may sometime remain somewhat of a mystery. It is not mystery; however, how many New Yorkers enjoy festivals and music in the City. Here is a look at some of the upcoming events, tourists and New Yorkers may not want to miss.
It may be a far cry from his days in 198 degrees, but Timberlake has proven he doesn’t need to be part of a group to make music and isn’t afraid to try his hand at more than being a successful musician. He is a permanent host for Saturday Night Live and is trying music with his 20/20 Experience World Tour. He has a single out, “Not a Bad Thing.” and seeing his performance may not be such a bad thing.
Why not take more of a front row seat when it comes to enjoying a great operatic

########
Rank: 6
Score: 30.951134
Retrieved Text: 6 1/2 Avenue - a new name on the map of New York, Midtown shortcut and a rain shelter.
The street layout of Midtown Manhattan is simple : it is a grid. The main avenues are numbered 1 - 11 with 1st being on the East Side starting at the East River. This grid became a little more flexible less than a year ago- a new pedestrian mini- avenue with a name 6 1/2 appeared on the Map of New York.
In 1961 Zoning Resolution inaugurated the incentive zoning program in New York City. The program encouraged private developers to provide spaces for the public within or outside their buildings by allowing them greater density in certain high-density districts.
In the decade and a half that followed, 70 percent of the buildings that qualified to earn a bonus took the incentive—some 67 buildings between 1966-1975. In exchange for creating a through block arcade, for example, developers received six square feet for every square foot of public space.
The City’s longest chain of arcades includes six blocks between 51st and 57th streets, between Sixth and Seventh Avenues. Most of these arcades were constructed after the 1986 rezoning of Midtown which required new mid-block developments to provide more spaces for the public.
In August 2012 the NYC Department of Transportation completed a plan to improve the accessibility and visibility of the chain by installing crosswalks and street signs. 6 1/2 Avenue was officially born.
This avenue starts from AXA Building at 787 Seventh Avenue, between 51st and 52nd. This arcade connects two streets while

########
Rank: 7
Score: 30.028234
Retrieved Text: The Cake are a 1960s girl group made up of Jeanette Jacobs, Barbara Morillo and Eleanor Barooshian. They were managed and produced by Greene & Stone, two Sunset Strip impresarios who also managed Sonny & Cher, Buffalo Springfield and Iron Butterfly.
The Cake formed in New York in 1966, starting out as an a cappella vocal group singing at Steve Paul's The Scene. Barooshian and Morillo both appeared in You Are What You Eat, a 1968 documentary film produced by Peter Yarrow. In the film, Barooshian performed the Sonny & Cher hit "I Got You Babe" with Tiny Tim. She sang the male part, while Tiny Tim sang the female.
What set The Cake apart from other girl groups of the time is that they recorded their own material, as well as a number of R&B standards. Their own songs were in the vein of 1960s baroque pop with intricate madrigal-style vocal harmonies. They released two albums on Decca Records, The Cake (1967) and A Slice Of Cake (1968). Both were recorded at the Gold Star Recording Studios in Los Angeles.
Rotten Apple is the second studio album by G-Unit rapper Lloyd Banks, released October 10, 2006 on G-Unit Records and Interscope Records. The title of the album is a play on the New York City nickname, "The Big Apple." The album cover also resembles the cover of the film, King of New York.
Originally the album was titled, "The Big Withdrawal", however two women Banks had had a ménage à trois with in 2005 leaked an unmastered copy of

########
Rank: 8
Score: 29.584389
Retrieved Text: The actor's family joined him in the Big Apple for his "SNL" gig.
When Ryan Gosling traveled to New York City to host “Saturday Night Live,” he brought his family with him.
Gosling and his partner, Eva Mendes, have two daughters, 3-year-old Esmeralda and 1-year-old Amada. It seems Amada didn’t get the best first impression of the city.
Appearing on “Jimmy Kimmel Live!” on Tuesday, Gosling told a hilarious story about showing his youngest daughter New York.
Gosling, who gave his family an adorable shout-out at the end of his “SNL” appearance, also talked about his tendency to laugh through many of the sketches.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 29.348122
Retrieved Text: Although New York is not the capital of the United States, it is the biggest and most important city and seaport of the coun­try. New York is situated on the Atlantic coast, in the nor­theastern part of the country, in the state of New York at the mouth of the deep Hudson River, one of the biggest in the USA. It is the financial capital of the world, the centre of the Ameri­can cultural life and the national leader in fashion and enter­tainments. The «Big Apple» is the most popular nickname of the city. New York, with the population of more then 16 mil­lion people, is the second largest city and the biggest seaport in the world.
Dutch settlers founded this city in 1613. That time, it was called New Amsterdam. In 1664, New Amsterdam was cap­tured by British troops and renamed in New York. Nowadays New York consists of 5 large boroughs: Manhattan, the Bronx, Queens, Brooklyn and Richmond.
Brooklyn alone has so many people that if it were a sepa­rate city, it would be the fourth largest city in the United States.
There are many places of interest in New York.
The most famous of them is The Statue of Liberty, pre­sented to the USA by France in 1886. Its torch towers about 200 feet above the harbour and can be seen at night for many miles. It is the largest statue in the world.
The Empire State Building used to be the highest building, but now it is only the third. It is a 102- storeyed building.
Broadway is

########
Rank: 10
Score: 29.220549
Retrieved Text: Fiestozo Los Muestros del mi korason, Ya es bien savido ke este anio selebramos el aniversario de la sivdad de Nu York. Es dizir ke antes 100 anios, las diferentes partes de la sivdad (Manhattan, Brooklyn, Queens, Staten Island i el Bronx,) fueron aunados para formar la grande sivdad de New York.
Many readers may wonder about the origin of this moniker. Why is it that New Yorkers call their city after an oversized fruit? New York's nickname was first popularized in the 1920's by John J. Fitz Gerald, a reporter for the "Morning Telegraph." Fitz Gerald had first heard this term used by African American stablehands in New Orleans in 1921 and applied the term to New York City's racetracks. But it was African Americans who first applied the term to New York City itself. In the 1930's, African American jazz musicians began to call New York, and particularly Harlem, "The Big Apple" when referring to the city as the jazz capital of the world. But by the 1950's the term had fallen into desuetude. Only in 1971 was it revived as part of a publicity campaign steered by Charles Gillett, president of the New York Convention and Visitors Bureau.(3) And so it is that while the first generation of Sephardic immigrants in New York had never heard of the term, "The Big Apple," it has by now become as American a apple pie!
The phenomenon of naming the City of New York after produce caught on in other circles as well. In the 1940's and 1950's,

########
Rank: 11
Score: 28.522316
Retrieved Text: Small Wedding Ideas Nyc Unique 308 Best New York City Big Apple Themed Wedding Images On. This wonderful picture collections about Small Wedding Ideas Nyc Unique 308 Best New York City Big Apple Themed Wedding Images On is available to download. We collect this wonderful picture from internet and choose the best for you. Small Wedding Ideas Nyc Unique 308 Best New York City Big Apple Themed Wedding Images On photos and pictures collection that posted here was carefully selected and uploaded by Rockymage team after choosing the ones that are best among the others. So, finally we make it and here these list of wonderful picture for your inspiration and informational purpose regarding the Small Wedding Ideas Nyc Unique 308 Best New York City Big Apple Themed Wedding Images On as part of Wedding Gallery exclusive updates collection.Small Wedding Ideas Nyc Unique 308 Best New York City Big Apple Themed Wedding Images On, take your time and find the best Small Wedding Ideas Nyc Unique 308 Best New York City Big Apple Themed Wedding Images On images and pictures posted here that suitable with your needs and use it for your own collection and personal use. Small Wedding Ideas Nyc Unique 308 Best New York City Big Apple Themed Wedding Images On.
Small Wedding Ideas Nyc Unique 308 Best New York City Big Apple Themed Wedding Images On. So, if you want to get this wonderful picture about Small Wedding Ideas Nyc Unique 308 Best New York City Big Apple Themed Wedding Images On, just click

########
Rank: 12
Score: 28.510021
Retrieved Text: An iconic Art Deco skyscraper and one of the best known buildings in New York. It got its name from the city’s nickname the "Empire State".
The complex of Art Deco high-rise buildings located in the heart of Manhattan opened in 1939.
The memorial commemorates the victims of the September 11, 2001 terrorist attacks.
This bridge, connecting Manhattan and Brooklyn, is definitely one of New York’s most iconic sights.
This is New York in one sight. The iconic, majestic statue looks over the city from Ellis Island.
Perhaps the most iconic avenue in the world. Browse the super-expensive shops and breathe in the atmosphere of the Big Apple.
Charging Bull (or Wall Street Bull or Bowling Green Bull) is a sculpture in bronze by Italian-American artist Arturo Di Modica.
An impressive structure built next to the 9/11 Memorial to house the new World Trade Center.
This park is situated on the old railway and it is undoubtedly one of the most unique structures in New York.
The market is located in what was once a biscuit factory belonging to the National Biscuit Company.
This apartment, located at the corner of Grove Street in New York, is a must-see for every fan of the TV show Friends.
One of the most often photographed landmarks in New York, this bridge crossing the East River is a must-see for every visitor.
N. Moore Street is a moderately trafficked street in TriBeCa, a neighborhood in the New York City borough of Manhattan.
If you have a sweet tooth, this small bakery, opened in 1996, is a must-visit for you.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 28.256397
Retrieved Text: NEW YORK – Schools Chancellor Carmen Fariña today announced the third-annual Big Apple Awards: Recognizing Teacher Excellence in New York City, overseen by the Department of Education in partnership with the Fund for Public Schools. The Big Apple Awards celebrate educators across the City and honor teachers who inspire students, model great teaching, and enrich their school communities.
An open, citywide call for nominations for the Big Apple Awards begins today and will continue through January 19, 2015. Students, families, educators, and community members can nominate a standout teacher in their life by visiting the Big Apple Awards website. Nominees must be current, full-time public school teachers who have demonstrated exceptional success in impacting student learning, in their instructional practices, and in their professional contributions to their school community.
“New York City has so many hard-working, inspiring teachers who are lifting up their students and communities, and I encourage students, families, and educators to think about teachers who are making a difference and nominate them for this well-deserved recognition,” said Schools Chancellor Carmen Fariña.
Following the open nomination period, a select group of up to 500 nominees will be invited to complete a comprehensive application for the Big Apple Awards. The DOE will interview up to 100 semi-finalists, and visit the classrooms of 40 finalists. The rigorous process will culminate with a celebration in June honoring up to 12 outstanding educators as recipients of the Big Apple Awards. The recipients will spend the 2015 – 16 school year representing teachers citywide as teacher leaders and members of the Chancellor’s

########
Rank: 14
Score: 27.628374
Retrieved Text: A Big Apple Mets vs. Yankees Mystery!
Kate and Mike are back in the Big Apple (aka New York City) for a Subway Series between the New York Mets and the New York Yankees. But soon, someone hands them a mysterious note with a riddle and then strange things start happening at the Mets ballpark.
Ballpark Mysteries Super Special #3 – Mets vs. Yankees!
Can Mike and Kate discover who the mysterious note writer is? Can they uncover what’s behind the disruptions at the Mets game? Read the latest Ballpark Mysteries Super Special, the SUBWAY SERIES SURPRISE, to find out! And don’t forget to read up on Mike and Kate’s first adventure in New York City, the PINSTRIPE GHOST!
← A Big Babe Ruth Mystery in Baltimore!

########
Rank: 15
Score: 27.024307
Retrieved Text: The Big Apple, New York City, is now the most populated city in the U.S. with more than 8.2 million people. It’s rumored that this moniker came from the old saying, "There are many apples on the tree, but only one Big Apple”, which references the city as premiere place to perform. Do you need a Mesothelioma Lawyer in New York? Contact Cooney & Conway today for a free consultation.
Cooney & Conway lawyers are admitted in Illinois. Services may not be available in all states. Some cases may be referred to our affiliate lawyers who are licensed in many states. Contact a mesothelioma lawyer today.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 26.636267
Retrieved Text: It is a 200 mile drive from Midtown Manhattan to the Major League Baseball Hall of Fame in Cooperstown, NY. But, for die-hard sports fans living in the Big Apple, there is perhaps no better collection of easily-accessible Major League Baseball memorabilia than in a small and unassuming Irish pub, located just blocks from Madison Square Garden.
From the outside, Foley's NY Pub and Restaurant is just like any of other New York City Irish pub. It has the standard red front, traditional signage, and a few sports-related posters hanging in the window.
But, once inside the pub's lobby, one simply cannot miss the copy of the December 1919 transfer agreement that sent Babe Ruth from the Boston Red Sox to the New York Yankees. This, of course, is one of the most monumental business documents in MLB history.
Inside of the main area of Foley's Pub, the baseball memorabilia collection is extensive. There are hundreds, if not thousands, of signed baseballs on the walls of Foley's, with signatures of players ranging from the game's true legends to those who just had a cup of coffee in the big leagues with either the New York Mets or Yankees.
Among of the myriad signed baseballs in Foley's Pub and Restaurant, one that was especially intriguing is co-signed by Bobby Thomson and the late Ralph Branca (the baseball pitcher and true gentleman who gave up Bobby Thomson's 1951 shot heard round the word).
Meanwhile, many of the pubs' walls are adorned with casings of player figurines, actual lineup cards from important big-league games,

########
Rank: 17
Score: 26.56779
Retrieved Text: On this week's episode of The Christian Nerd Podcast we talk about the Big Apple and God's love for the city.
Ron was in New York last week so this week's episode is all about the Big Town. In Who Are You? Ron shares what he likes most about New York. They discuss God's love for the city in From the Blog. And they finish the episode with the Countdown, sharing their favorite nerdy New York moments.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 26.484241
Retrieved Text: These incredibly delicious candies are designed especially for fans of New York City and feature the symbol of NYC, the Big Apple and the iconic Broadway sign.
They come in two scrumptious flavors: Red Delicious Apple and Green Apple.
Raley has been making candy for nearly 8 years, and the feeling of seeing thousands of gem-like pieces appear beneath your hands never gets old. There are also endless new and creative ways to approach candy. Every day he learns something new. Also, the look on kids' faces after they see and taste the candy. Nobody appreciates candy like children.
These incredibly delicious candies are hand crafted especially for fans of New York City and feature the symbol of NYC, the Big Apple and the iconic New York City letters.
They come in two scrumptious flavors: Red Delicious Apple and Fuji Apple.
We are food gifters. I bought ten candy bags for my extended family. The candy were a hit with everyone. Apple flavor, very yammy!!!

########
Rank: 19
Score: 26.435331
Retrieved Text: New York City is the ‘Big Apple,” and Lagos, Nigeria (the most populous city in Africa) has sometimes been called “Big Agbalumo.” Agbalumo is the Nigerian name for the “white star apple” (Chrysophyllum albidum). “Back in the Big Agbalumo (Lagos)” was cited on Twitter on Jul 12, 2010. “Big Agbalumo RT @DejiVanSteel: If New york is the BIG APPLE,....Lagos is _________??” was cited on Twitter on June 8, 2011.
Lagos /ˈleɪɡɒs/ (Yoruba: Èkó) is a city in the Nigerian state of Lagos. The city, with its adjoining conurbation, is the largest in Nigeria, as well as on the African continent. It is one of the fastest growing cities in the world and also one of the most populous urban agglomerations in the world. Lagos is a major financial centre in Africa; the mega city has the highest GDP, and also houses one of the largest and busiest ports on the continent.
Chrysophyllum albidum is a forest fruit tree described by the Scottish botanist George Don. It is found throughout tropical Africa. They are commonly found throughout tropical Africa.
Its common name is the white star apple. It is closely related to the African star apple (Chrysophyllum africanum) which is also common throughout West Africa. Some schools of thought feel that they may just be a variety of the same species.
Lmao!RT @Ytepurple: Heheheheh nice1! RTKofti_B: Big Agbalumo RT @DejiVanSteel: If New york is the BIG APPLE,....Lagos is _________??
@xbyna we are jelosing Aba people. It will soon be the Big Apple, or rather, Big Agbalumo.
I am beginning to have a rethink

########
Rank: 20
Score: 26.345766
Retrieved Text: "The City That Care Forgot" is a somewhat forgotten nickname of New Orleans. The nickname has long been associated with the New Orleans Mardi Gras and was first cited in 1910. "The City Care Forgot" -- minus "that" -- was coined by Alfred S. Amer (1866-1959), manager of the St. Charles Hotel (demolished in 1974), according to The Daily Picayune on September 13, 1910.
The song "Begone, Dull Care" -- possibly an influence on the nickname -- was sung at Mardi Gras in the late 1800s, but the nickname does not date to the 19th century.
Other New Orleans nicknames include "America's Most Interesting City," "Baghdad-on-the-Bayou," "Big Crescent," "Big Easy," "Big Greasy," "Big Sleazy," "Birthplace of Jazz," "Chocolate City," "Chopper City," "City of a Million Dreams," "City That Forgot to Care," "Convention City," "Crawfish Town," "Creole City," "Crescent City," "Gateway of the Mississippi Valley," "Gumbo City," "Hollywood South," "Jump City," "Mardi Gras City," "Metropolis of the South," "N'Awlins," "Nerlins," "No Orleans" (after Hurricane Katrina), "NOLA," "Northernmost Banana Republic," "Northernmost Caribbean City," "Old Swampy," "Paris of America," "Queen City," "Saint City," "Silicon Bayou," "Silicon Swamp" and "Sweet Lady Gumbo."
The St. Charles Hotel, near Canal Street, was one of the city's two most well-known hotels through most of the 19th and early 20th centuries; it was torn down in the 1970s.
The Mardi Gras Spirit Has Possession of the City.
NEW ORLEANS, La., March 2. -- Revelry reigns supreme to-day, and the Mardi Gras spirit has possession of the entire city. It is the great day of the carnival. Dull care, thoughts

########
Rank: 21
Score: 26.23165
Retrieved Text: New York - New York, How I love you!!! All the fun and excitement of the Big Apple designed into our NEW and EXCLUSIVE design for those who yearn for the big city!
Duvet cover front is sublimated with your design and graphics. Back is White or black Sateen material - please specify.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 26.065172
Retrieved Text: Trivia facts - Did you know?
How many of these fun facts about the Statue of Liberty do you know?
For centuries, people have been drawn to New York City for its rich history, its thriving theater and culture, and endless opportunities for sightseeing and adventure.
Active Adventure Each year, the state of New York releases over one million pounds of fish into more than 1,200 bodies of water across the state. That's good fishing .
247 questions and answers about 'New York City' in our 'New York' category. Did you know these fun facts and interesting bits of information?
Did you know why New York City is called the Big Apple? These are 25 fascinating facts about New York City!
Ah, New York, the city that never sleeps. Famous for its hot pretzel carts, gorgeous sky-line and some of the best shopping and entertainment in the world; visitors don't have to look far for their next adventure.
Fun Facts about New York City Author: Denise Perreault Known by many nicknames, including the "Empire State" and "The Big Apple," New York City is one of the most important places in the world.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 26.001125
Retrieved Text: New York City. The Big Apple. NYC. The City So Nice, They Named It Twice. Whatever you call it, we’ve got your New York City articles right here.
Why is NYC called the Big Apple? In this post, we look at the Big Apple meaning, as well as its origin, debunked theories, and more.
A quick post highlighting some major developments regarding New York City transportation, including LaGuardia, JFK, and Hudson train tunnels.
New Yorkers have been deemed rude for quite a while, whether its from people from other parts of the US or those from abroad. This post describes speech pattern differences in New Yorkers and why it seems rude when it really may not be.
On the March 8 each year, the world recognizes International Women's Day to commemorate the accomplishments, struggles, and renew promises to uplift women.
A funny Couchsurfing story involving two visiting girls from Finland, a bar, cigarettes for the first time, and Jude Law.
First-time hosting experience with couchsurfing. I hosted the lovely Ania, a friend I met in Warsaw just months before, and we had a blast together in NYC.
15+ Bronx places to see and the best things to do in the New York City borough which is home to the Bronx zoo and other famous locations.
Photos taken on the eve of the 10th anniversary of the 9/11 attacks in New York City. A decade later, progress is finally visible at the World Trade Center.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 25.99738
Retrieved Text: Spike Lee (born March 20, 1957) is an American movie director, producer, screenwriter, and actor. He also teaches movie at New York University and Columbia University. Lee has acted in many of his own movies.
Lee was born Shelton Jackson Lee in 1957 in Atlanta, Georgia. His mother was a teacher, and his father was a jazz musician. When Lee was very young, the family moved to live in Brooklyn, New York City. His mother gave him the nickname "Spike".
The first movie Lee directed was She's Gotta Have It. Lee directed the two music videos for Michael Jackson's single "They Don't Care About Us". In 2002 Lee won the Special Award at the BAFTAs.
This page was last changed on 18 April 2016, at 08:46.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 25.76404
Retrieved Text: Short Description: Baby takes a whirlwind tour and sees the sights of New York City in this board book that celebrates the Big Apple.
Baby takes a whirlwind tour and sees the sights of New York City in this board book that celebrates the Big Apple.
Baby takes a tour of San Francisco and sees Golden Gate Bridge, Fisherman's Wharf, Alcatraz and the other sights in the City by the Bay.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 25.550243
Retrieved Text: View timeshare information for Grand Hyatt New York in United States, New York, New York. View more information about the Grand Hyatt New York timeshare and start your booking today!
The Big Apple is one of the most visited cities on the planet. The City of New York is filled with endless action, excitement, and excursions. There's Broadway, Wall Street, Times Square, Greenwich Village, The Statue of Liberty, and so much more. If you're visiting New York City for any reason, be it business or recreation, or just to take in a play, the timeshares at the Grand Hyatt New York offer excellent, world famous accommodations that can't be beat. The view from the Manhattan Sky Restaurant atop the facility is only heightened by the fantastic cuisine. Or relax with a drink at the renowned Commodore Lounge. Whatever your reason for visiting New York, your visit to the Big Apple won't be complete unless you stay at the Grand Hyatt New York.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 25.513681
Retrieved Text: Deepest thanks and congratulations to those who have fought to get this Big Apple rolling.
After decades of advocacy and protest, ample millions of life-altering arrests and incarcerations, and billions of dollars and human-hours wasted, NYC residents may soon see some relief in how the Big Apple treats cannabis users of color here in the nation's consumption capital.
New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio announced today that the New York Police Department (NYPD) intends to reform its cannabis enforcement policies over the next months. “We must end unnecessary arrests and end disparity in enforcement,” de Blasio commented on Twitter.
The Manhattan district attorney's office, which represents the city's largest borough, says it will no longer file charges in most marijuana possession and smoking cases, according to a statement released by District Attorney Cy Vance.
See also: Will New York Finally Consider Legalizing Cannabis This Week?
DA Cy Vance Jr. : "Effective August 1st, my office will decline to prosecute marijuana possession and smoking cases."
The office announced it would "decline to prosecute marijuana possession and smoking cases" starting August 1, but that it had also invited the city "to recommend limited exceptions to this policy grounded in demonstrated public safety concerns before the policy becomes effective."
Kassandra Frederique, New York State Director of the Drug Policy Alliance, commented on the city's announcement in a statement, “The conversations about overpolicing of marijuana in primarily communities of color and the economic potential that legalization represents are clearly intertwined. The way in which New York legalizes marijuana must be responsive to our legacy as the

########
Rank: 28
Score: 25.466095
Retrieved Text: Call Now: 1(800) 985-5596 - New York City Signs will help you find the best Office Signs New York, Signs NYC, Vinyl Banners, Outdoor Advertising and Sign Installation New York City.
If you've got a product to sell or a service to promote, you've got to have great signs. NYC is a big place and there are thousands of signs vying for the attention of passers by. Don't let your message get lost in the crowd. Let's talk about what sort of signage is right for you and your business.
Stroll through town, and you're going to see thousands of different signs. New York City is a bustling place with so many things to do and see. To catch the interest of potential customers, you've first got to grab their attention. A great sign can do exactly that.
Please don't trust just anyone to design and construct your signs. New York is a sophisticated city full of sophisticated shoppers. If your signs appear to be made by a rank amateur, savvy shoppers may pass you right by. Would you like a no obligation price estimate? Please call 212.461.1625.
If you've got a big message, put it out there in a very big way. Banners New York City are an effective yet affordable way to tell everyone in the city about your product, service or promotional offer. We are New York City Signs, a division of Media Advantage Inc.
What more effective way to market your message than with banners? New York is an exciting city, with plenty to see and do.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 25.405458
Retrieved Text: The MLK holiday weekend has annually converged some of the nation’s top HS prospects in New York City for the Big Apple Invitational. This year’s showcase will feature one of the most star-studded line-ups in its 12-year history, as it welcomes the top ranked junior prospect in North America Thon Maker, among an array of other blue-chippers.
Big Apple Basketball (BAB) will host the 12th Annual Big Apple Basketball Invitational on Saturday, January 17 and Monday, January 19, 2015 at Baruch College in New York City. The invitational features 17 top high school and prep school teams from New York, New Jersey, Connecticut, Massachusetts, Maryland, Washington DC, Pennsylvania, Virginia and Ontario, Canada.
The invitational will feature New York City schools, St. Raymond, Benjamin Cardozo, Thurgood Marshall, Cardinal Hayes, and Abraham Lincoln; along with Orangeville Prep (Ontario, Canada), Gill St. Bernard’s (New Jersey), Long Island Lutheran (Long Island), Phelps (Pennsylvania), Saint James (Maryland), St. John’s College High School (Washington, DC), Seton Hall Prep (New Jersey), Genesis Academy (Virginia), South Kent (Connecticut), MacDuffie (Massachusetts), Life Center Academy (New Jersey) and Archbishop Stepinac (White Plains).
Notable players include Thon Maker (Orangeville Prep – rated #1 Junior in U.S. and Canada), Tyus Battle (Gill St. Bernard’s – Top 15 Junior Nationally), Jordan Tucker (Archbishop Stepinac – Top 20 Sophomore Nationally), Omari Spellman (MacDuffie – Top 25 Junior Nationally), Tremont Waters (South Kent – Top 30 Sophomore Nationally), Josh Hall (Genesis Academy – Top 60 Junior Nationally), Temple Gibbs (Seton Hall Prep – Top 60 Junior Nationally), Justin Robinson (Saint James – Virginia Tech),

================



======= Instance Index 4796 =========
Input Text: Read the following conversation and answer the question.

Girl: He's here. Bye Dad.

Dad: Wait, wait, wait ... Where are you going?

Girl: Dad. I've already told mom. I'm going out tonight.

Dad: Who with? You mean you're going on a date?

Girl: Yeah. Mom met Dirk yesterday. [Dirk!?] He's sooo cool. We're going on a double-date with Cindy and Evan.

Dad: Dirk.

Girl: I have to go.

Dad: Wait, wait. I want to meet this guy.

Girl: He's waiting for me.

Dad: Well, so what are you going to do tonight? Going to the library?

Girl: Dad! We're going out to eat, and then we're going to catch a movie.

Dad: What movie and what is it rated?

Girl: It's a science fiction thriller called ... well, I don't know what it is called, but it's rated PG.

Dad: And where's the movie showing?

Girl: Down at the Campus Plaza Movie Theater.

Dad: Hey, I was thinking about seeing a movie down there tonight, too.

Girl: Ah, Dad.

Dad: Hey, Let me meet that guy. [Father looks out the living room window] ... Hey, that guy has a moustache!

Girl: Dad. That's not Dirk. That's his older brother. He's taking us there! Can I go now?

Dad: Well ...

Girl: Mom said I could, and mom knows his parents.

Dad: Well ...

Girl: Dad.

Dad: Okay, but be home by 8:00.

Girl: Eight!? The movie doesn't start until 7:30. Come on, Dad.

Dad: Okay. Be back by 11:00.

Girl: Love you, Dad.

Dad: Love you, too.

Girl: Bye.

Dad:Bye.

Question: What kind of movie is the girl going to see on her date? 

- horror

- romance

- science fiction

Target Text: science fiction

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 39.63332
Retrieved Text: First Date | OK-TESTS.RU var pagelink = "
Description: Imagine that your 16-year-old daughter is about to leave on her first date. What questions do you ask her before she leaves? Are you concerned at all? Why or why not?
1. What kind of movie is the girl going to see on her date?
2. At what theater is the movie playing?
3. How is the girl getting to the movie?
A. She is getting a ride with her brother.
B. Her date is coming to pick her up.
C. She is going by bus and will meet her date there.
4. What time does the movie begin?
5. What time does she have to be home?

########
Rank: 1
Score: 32.826397
Retrieved Text: What kinds of movies should you choose to get a girl when you have a movie date? There are some women who cannot see horror movies and who hate indecent movies.
You could say there is no accounting for tastes, but don’t you want to have a fruitful movie date? You should choose movies the girl like.
There are some movies which make a good atmosphere after seeing the movie even if you do not know her taste of movies. Please try 7 ways I will introduce.
It is too dangerous to choose movies like film buffs going if you rarely go to see movies.
On the contrary, fad Japanese movies would be the best for a man and a woman have not yet had dated. That is because she can enjoy the movie itself and it provides you with common topics after the movie.
This kind of movies are easy to see and speedy, so people rarely get bored and fall asleep. So if you rarely see a movie, it will be safe to go with your girlfriend. Since the movies mostly include romance, you can easily shift the movie topics to your relationship topics.
Couple who loves cars go to see a movie includes car chase, a couple who love fashion see a fashion movie, a couple who likes horror go to see a horror movie and discuss the movies after the movie will be great.
Especially you two, you can enjoy twice. That is the movie includes common tastes. Spending wonderful time will make it easier to get her.
Although good

########
Rank: 2
Score: 31.910223
Retrieved Text: I am going on a first date with a girl. Could you tell me what exactly to do on the date? Where should I take her? What should I give her (any presents)? What should we talk about? Stuff like that. I am 15 years old. What are impressive things to say to a girl?
Do something completely different that will truly impress her. Something few other guys ever do. That is: don’t try to impress her.
Just relax. Be yourself. Don’t worry about what to talk about. Instead, be a good listener. Go to a movie. Then talk about it afterwards. Go to a movie that she would like to see. Maybe that’s not a shoot-em-up action film, but more of a film that has relationship stuff in it. A chick flick. Then ask her what she thought of it. Then you say what you liked or not about it. Just be yourself!

########
Rank: 3
Score: 28.856672
Retrieved Text: What do we know about Russian girls? They are beautiful, desirable, and still a little exotic for foreigners. But what about dating them? If you google something like “How to ask a Russian girl out,” you’ll find surprisingly little info on the topic, which is pretty strange. Slavic brides have been on the world’s dating arena for more than 20 years, and this problem still remains unsolved. That’s because for Russian women, dating means more than for other ladies. Therefore, we’ll try to solve this problem and give you some advice so you could pick up a Russian beauty easily.
Think where you want to invite the girl in advance, so you don’t have to make anything up on the go. It’s better to come up with a couple of options at once, so that, for example, if a girl refuses to go to a restaurant, instead of being embarrassed and running away, you could ask her out to the cinema.
Decide when and where you’ll meet with the girl in advance. You may pick her up at the entrance to the cinema, near the metro exit, or at her house.
Russian ladies love confident guys, so say the phrase you’re going to use when asking a girl out several times out loud. Sounds normal? Then go ahead and try it.
Can I invite you to a restaurant? Guys use this phrase pretty often. Although it makes it clear that this will be a date and not just a simple evening, this phrase isn’t perfect. It's better to say something

########
Rank: 4
Score: 28.84835
Retrieved Text: Like, how can others even compete?! I am telling you guys, where Condo/Barista/Architect failed, Thailand has finally done it! They have taken a trophy away from South Korean with this one as the best Yuri Drama to ever grace us!
But for some reason the buzz is no where close to where it should be with this series! The subs are in lack for such a contender for Best Series. What is up with you Lakorn fans?! Don’t you know greatness when you see it? I thought you had an eye for these things?! What happened to you?
Let’s begin with these two friends. The promo led us to believe that there would be something between them, as seen by the last scene of them just about to kiss. But what happened in the series? Nothing! only a misunderstanding on the observers’ part. Just seeing them from the wrong angle and at the wrong time kind of cliché false bait! We at episode 16 and there is no indication of any feelings between them whatsoever! One of them is practically in love with a Dude at the moment (even though her mother disapproves, where she somewhat kind of approved of her daughter with out Alpha Kouhai).
But I am not even mad at this. When I started out watching this I did not know of any promos so I wasn’t expecting anything from these two anyway and I never saw anything even during those bait scenes!
I can forgive that however. What I cannot forgive no matter how much time

########
Rank: 5
Score: 27.870949
Retrieved Text: Remain single till you meet the sort of girl whose face illuminates at seeing you. The kind of woman who can’t quit grinning around you. The young lady who anticipates seeing you because without seeing your face, some way or another, her day isn’t the same. Hold up till you meet the sort of girl who can’t see anybody else when she’s around you The sort of girl who won’t walk out on you at a gathering, or even around her friends because her attention is all yours. Remain single till you meet the sort of girl who is all up for taking it slow and steady but will never use that as an opportunity to come off as single to other people or look for other guys while she’s still with you. The sort of girl who knows from the earliest starting point that it’s you.
The kind of young lady who has been sitting tight for somebody like you to go along for a very long time. She knows it’s mushy and senseless. In any case, she additionally knows it’s natural, and she has faith in nothing else. She’s the person who will do entirely anything to light up your day. She will go all the extra miles she has to go just to see a smile on your face. Just to make sure you’re satisfied, happy and comfortable. She wants to make sure she’s never adding to the problem in your life. She wants to be your light. Your reason to laugh, cry and

########
Rank: 6
Score: 27.8704
Retrieved Text: Love Under the Rainbow is finally here - St. Patrick’s Day movie.
Sophie created her project called; “Rainbows”, for her science project at school when her classmates take field trip to chasing rainbows.
Oh Yes, there is so much beauty, Sabrina, in a rainbow! What a glorious creation by God! I'm just like you - I always stop to look at them and take pictures, too! They are so beautiful! I have seen double ones, too! In fact, just last year, I caught a double rainbow just before it was fading away. When I look at them, I always feel a sense of awe, and I think of the promise God made to Noah in the Bible. The Rainbow was a sign that He would never flood the entire earth again, and it reminds me that God is good and faithful, and He will see us through any storm.
Thank you sharing your joy of rainbows, too!
Just beautiful, Net. When I see a rainbow I think of God's promise to Noah and am in awe of His might. I'm sure many don't know this, thanks for posting!!
Oh no, now the Hallmark website took this off the movies list, and it has no premiere date, also True Love Blooms has no premiere date either.
Yes, it looks like they are keeping March 9th as the premiere date for this movie!
Thanks for posting, Net! I am glad it is going to be shown.
I also love the cupcakes and hearts on the site! Too cute.
Hello Misty! It is so great to hear from

########
Rank: 7
Score: 27.85826
Retrieved Text: Valentine's day is coming up!!! if you had a boyfriend/girlfriend, what kind of gift would you prefer from him/her?
What would you do with her if you had a girlfriend?
Would you date someone who's an adult but looks underaged? Would you date someone who just got out of a relationship? How do I meet guys without using dating apps or going to a bar or club? What sort of personality traits are you willing to tolerate in an SO that others usually aren't? What are some important questions that you ask on a FIRST DATE?
Tbh any gift would please me, but more time with her would be nice.
That's absolutely true!! What would you do if you had a girlfriend?
Good question. I'm not rich, and not talented either, so i'd try to buy her a gift she would like, or take her out for a day. It's different for every girl.
I would love to make her a gift, but that would be a disaster.
Too bad no girl noticed it.
I hope you find a nice girl soon!
Home > Dating > Valentine's day is coming up!!! if you had a boyfriend/girlfriend, what kind of gift would you prefer from him/her?

########
Rank: 8
Score: 27.816948
Retrieved Text: PI Girls, this week is a very special edition of Girl to Girl Talk. I had the privilege of interviewing my cousin, actress/singer AJ Michalka, about her latest project, the upcoming movie Grace Unplugged. The film stars many well-known actors, Christian singer Jamie Grace and worship leader Chris Tomlin!
AJ: My character Grace comes from a small town, and her parents have had a major influence on her growing up…Grace begins to feel stifled by her father, who was a rock star in the ’80s. [Her dad] wants to raise his family in the South after leaving the entertainment industry. He ends up worship leading, so Grace has always been around that lifestyle.
Grace abandons everything for the industry, which, I think, says a lot about the industry, I think there’s a lot of people who have done that, or who are willing to do that for the price of fame, and ends up really realizing it’s not all that it is cracked up to be. Family and God is so No. 1, but she kind of has to learn that the hard way, which is unfortunate.
CG: What is Grace’s dilemma in the film?
AJ: Her struggle is that she hasn’t been able to apply her music anywhere else outside the church and what her Dad makes her play…she feels like she is very much under the wing of her dad. Even though he is the inspiration for a lot of her musical interests, he is also the reason she hasn’t had any time to focus on music of

########
Rank: 9
Score: 27.52005
Retrieved Text: How to pleasure a woman involves more than just physical touch and it starts as soon as you meet someone you’re interested in. You need to use pick-up lines that aren’t cheesy like relationship quotes and are good enough to get her attention while making her want more. Here are a few pick-up lines that will give you a better chance of successfully getting a date.
Most pick-up lines are either too cheesy or sexual which turns most women off so you need to surprise them or get their attention in a good way. By mentioning breakfast you’re letting her know that you want to spend the night with her but she’s going to be thinking about how nice it would be to wake up next to you and have a nice breakfast.
This pick-up line will work with a lot of women because it’s also a conversation starter and can give you an idea for what to do with them on your first date. After she tells you what her favorite movie is you can ask her why she likes it then mention what your favorite one is. This tells you what kind of personality she has and if you have anything in common. To seal the deal, you can invite her over to watch her movie because you’ve always wanted to see it and it’d be great to watch it with a fan.
How to pleasure a woman involves flattery and respect so it’s good to go with honesty instead of trying to get her attention with

########
Rank: 10
Score: 27.477667
Retrieved Text: Are you going to ask her to the prom? That would be so exciting!
This thread is two years old. Prom is dead and gone by now.
Oh. That is so sad. My heart was pounding for a second but now has slowed to an acceptable (by current medical standards) beat. Thank you for the update and god bless you in your journey forward, my friend.
We all send our best withes to tsarstepan. I hope he gets over this soon.
The new world order is basically trying to have us set up to get killed by a lion. By some way. And then they could ask for some new teammate to replace you. "Hey can we have someone to replace the guy that got eaten by lions."
Bob Massi talking about flood insurance on people able to function again. This on 9/9/2017. People don't function. A mammoth, says John Berman. btw. Kasich is a NWO lapdog. HAARP vs. Mollusks? What do you think chewingonmushrooms.
Remember your beet juice, says David Blume.
Oh whine. Bostonman do you feel like you are one of the lost boys here in this world. Bostonman did you ever used to wonder why your team would always go to Red Lobster after games? Do you think that the world is so evil ruled now by the Aliens and UFOs?
I don't have a driftwood want in my collection, says Dustin Shultz.
Do you want to listen to Laurie Schact the toy insider?
Why does Tim Kaine have a vase in the background?
You don't date anyone just because their pretty.
In my honest

########
Rank: 11
Score: 27.472866
Retrieved Text: As far as ideas for a fun date go..... There is really only one thing that I do on a first date.
It is the same thing every time with the same outcome, so you can save all of your fancy date ideas for the fifth and sixth dates. And I like the outcome of this one.
It’s like a good salesman; a good salesman knows exactly what needs to happen on each sales call to close the deal. First of all, I don’t think that you should go take a girl out to dinner the first night you hang out with her.
And before I get started, I guess I should say that the very first time I meet up with a woman, I like to do like a 30 minute intro at a coffee shop or bookstore during the daytime.
What I mean by that is...you meet her, talk a little bit, and if she is someone you want to actually hang out with, then you set up a “first date”.
This first date is what I am referring to in this page. Now that I’ve clarified that, lets move on.
You want to set up a casual meeting at your place. In your environment, that’s where you’ll be the most comfortable, calm, and relaxed. It will make it easier for you to be charming.
Going out on a formal “first date” and having to sit through a dinner where you’re sitting across from each other just puts a lot of unnecessary pressure on both of you and makes you feel

########
Rank: 12
Score: 27.417467
Retrieved Text: This movie was pretty decent.
I love Melissa McCarthy, she's definitely one of our leading comedians in terms of bank-ability at the box office these days along side Kevin Hart. And she is legit funny in her own way, this movie had it's moments though. I know that there wasn't going to be too much that went into this movie when it was all said and done, that's why I came in here with an open mind and low expectations. Which wasn't bad because I could enjoy the movie better than I would have if I had come in expecting Spy level or Tammy level.
The cast was great, everyone did their part pretty well. There were a lot of quick one liners and a lot of cheesy one liners in this one. The brawl between the two girl troops was a hilarious one and everyone involved had fun with that fight clearly. It had it's hard warming moments in there, per the norm, and it delivered on that front for those who wanted to see that kind of payoff. I personally came for all of the jokes and to see what kind of foolishness she was going to get herself into.
While it wasn't one of best efforts, it was still a strong one. I'm going with a solid C on this one for the simple fact that the cast was great, the jokes were OK and the fight scene made me laugh a little louder than I should have. I'll probably watch this movie again sometime down

########
Rank: 13
Score: 27.397223
Retrieved Text: A Texas man is suing a woman he went on a date with for the price of a movie ticket after he says she texted through the film and left him at the theater.
Brandon Vezmar filed the claim for $17.31 last week. The 37-year-old tells the Austin American-Statesman he met the woman online and they went to see “Guardians of the Galaxy, Vol. 2” on May 6. He says the 35-year-old woman refused to stop texting. Vezmar says he suggested she step outside to text. The woman then left the theater and never returned.
He waves the $17.31 he spent on the movie refunded to him.
What will you have done if you took a girl out on a movie date only for her to stay texting on her phone the whole time you were together?

########
Rank: 14
Score: 27.31463
Retrieved Text: Going on a date to the movies is a classic scenario, and when you start meeting women more frequently you may be tempted to follow the stereotype and take her out to see a movie. This can be fine if you’re already dating a woman and you have been out together several times, but if you are just starting to date a woman you should avoid taking her out to a movie at all costs. It might seem like a cheap and easy date, but if you cop out and wind up doing it the chances of your dating relationship or hookup being successful are low. There are several reasons why you should ditch the movie date and try something else.
While the movie you go see may be exciting, most likely your date will wind up being bored by the movie date in general. If she has had any experience with dating, she’s probably been on more movie dates than she can remember. If she can have any guy take her out on a movie date, you aren’t going to stick out in her mind as being particularly interesting, creative, or daring. You should stay away from movie dates for this exact reason. If your date thinks you’re only going to take her on boring dates, it doesn’t matter how much you try to charm her. She’ll most likely move on to find a guy that’s willing to take more chances.
If you’re sitting in a movie, then chances are that you are not going to be

########
Rank: 15
Score: 27.297539
Retrieved Text: When it comes to movies, I’m one that clutches my favorites very close to my heart and will usually pick from one of those. Along those lines, I usually prefer reruns of Friends, Chopped or Impractical Jokers to putting on a movie, unless it’s Disney of course. That being said, lately I’ve been gravitating more towards movies, my favorites nonetheless. When it comes to ‘girl power’ movies, I like to veer away from overly cliche, romantic comedies because I just don’t enjoy them. Today, I’m sharing with you a selection of my favorite girl power movies that deliver a good kick in the pants.
Before I get all kinds of crap for this, hear me out. If you remove the Disney-ness (and musical numbers) from Mulan, you really see how much of a badass she is. She essentially told the rest of her family to sit down while she went off to fight in a war against some pretty terrible dudes. Not to mention she had to convince everyone she was a boy and prove that she was just as strong, if not stronger, than her naturally male counterparts. (I’m going to let you draw the comparisons to the modern era.) After some strategic creativity and luck she saves her comrades, the Emperor and all of China. Yeah, she’s a badass.
I’m not going to lie to you, I have seen this movie so many times that I know exactly when I can stop watching (for me that’s when they get to Paris). Not only does badassery beam

########
Rank: 16
Score: 27.094542
Retrieved Text: Asking a girl out who is recently broken up with her boyfriend can be tricky. The key in this situation is subtlety. She might still love her boyfriend or be on the rebound looking for something new. She could be an emotional wreck, depending on how long it has been since she and her ex split. In some cases, you might be better off sitting back and allow her time to recover; other times, you can be that shoulder to cry on before making your move.
Read her body language to see if a newly-single girl likes you.
Gauge how she feels about you by subtlety asking her to spend time with you. Don't ask her outright. Say something like, "I'm going to the beach, if you wanna join me..." If she says "no," it's not too embarrassing because it just sounds like you're being polite by asking her. If she says "yes," then you know she's willing to spend time with you.
Look for signs she might see you as a platonic date. This can take a sharp or experienced eye. Take a subtle step towards her. If she steps away, then she might not be interested. However, if she stands her ground or takes a step towards you, she probably likes you.
Take a deep breath and up your game. After your platonic date, say something like, "I'd like to go on a date with you, if you'd like to join me..." This is kind of funny and if she has any humor at all, she'll smile or

########
Rank: 17
Score: 27.021488
Retrieved Text: There’s many things that can be said about Unforgettable, the latest in a recent craze of trashy stalker thrillers seemingly transcended from its probably origins on Lifetime, but the casting for it is not an issue at all.
This might honestly be the best possible use of Katherine Heigl in a movie for a long while, playing someone with a seriously psychologically-damaged view of the world, and a sadistic penchant for making people’s lives much worse only because she doesn’t approve of it… which, when you think about it, kind of makes this the perfect role for someone like Heigl. Plus, it’s a hell of a lot more dignified than the slew of rom-coms she starred in despite vowing never to stoop to such a level in the past (oh, how times have changed for her since the days of Grey’s Anatomy and Knocked Up); hopefully this will kick off a new point in her career, where she’s the go-to actress to play seriously psychotic women, because say what you will about this movie, but you will never find a better use of Heigl than here.
In Unforgettable, she plays Tessa, the ex-wife of a guy named David (Geoff Stults) whose new girlfriend Julia (Rosario Dawson) has just moved from San Francisco to live with. At first, Tessa struggles to accept Julia into her life, especially as she sees her daughter Lily (Isabella Rice) begin to warm slowly towards Julia, but when she learns that David and Julia are planning on getting married, she becomes full nutcase and

########
Rank: 18
Score: 27.016195
Retrieved Text: The Couples Movie Night game is under the android game, dress up, girl, girls, html5, ipad, iphone, mobile, touchscreen category. These movie two lovely ladies are going on a movie date night.
The Breaking the Bank game is under the fun, funny, interactive fiction, point & click, stick category. A movie very funny stick movie about a poor guy who just can't get it right.
The The Fair game is under the decorate, girl category. Decorate this funfair with these crazy rides, cute booths, and a lot more!
The Fairy Creator game is under the dress up, faerie, girl, girls category. Design your night fairy and dress her up!
The Funny Dress Up game is under the dress up, girl category. Pick and wear the best outfit for your funny costume.
We found 22 matches about Movie Games.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 26.954393
Retrieved Text: What is a double blind date.
But in general, you can call this girl — have her meet you for coffee on a Sunday afternoon for 20 or 30 minutes and see if you two even like each other. Crazy Blind Date CBD was a no-cost dating service that set people up on blind dates with little to no notice. If you think about it — that should come first. In AprilTime Out reported that the website is under construction for updates, but will remain free when it is in operation again. I want to shoot up his house.
A dating scenerio in which not only do the participants not know each other, but they are also actually blind.
Going on a blind date with a friend means you that you have support if you find yourself fumbling to make small talk, but it doesn't guarantee that the evening will. Being set up on a blind date by a family member or close friend can go two Another story is when I went on a double date with my friend, her.
Early stage nootropics notwithstanding, Jake was kind of a mad scientist, equal parts genius and lunatic.
You do not need to go out of your way to prepare for the date, but make sure that you are not dressed more shabbily than you normally would be. Pulling through the gates at Mills, we met the girls and shockingly seemed to be making a good enough impression that after too long we decided to load in the car, head for San

########
Rank: 20
Score: 26.944874
Retrieved Text: Takatoshi Minamiyama (Sota Fukushi) majors in art at an university in Kyoto. On the train to the school, he sees Emi Fukuju (Nana Komatsu) and falls in love with her at first sight. Gathering up all his courage, he speaks to her. They begin to date and enjoy happy days together, but Emi reveals her secret to him.
Based on novel "Boku wa Ashita, Kinou no Kimi to Date Suru" by Takafumi Nanatsuki (published August 6, 2014 by Takarajimasha bunko).
ichiharu Jan 19 2019 11:07 am Ok, just to clarify on xtulthu's post and for everyone who's confused. Also, also, for those who haven't watched yet: SPOILER ALERT.
Guy and girl live in parallel realities that somehow converge. Taka's timeline is A->B, Emi's timeline -in her POV- is also A->B. The trick is that the timelines are going in opposite directions. Since we're seeing it mostly from Taka's POV, it does seem like Emi's is B->A.
They are both going toward their separate futures. But due to the convergence, they meet at crucial points in each other's lives. As Taka (our POV) progresses to his future, he encounters Emi's past. As Emi in turn progresses to her future, she encounters Taka's past.
As an example, when Taka was 5, he met 35y.o Emi who saved him from the lake. At the SAME TIME but DIFFERENT REALITY, when Emi was 5, she met 35y.o Taka who saved her from an explosion. So on and so forth.
Haha. Probably more difficult to understand. But, for me, it's less complicated if you see it from

########
Rank: 21
Score: 26.92533
Retrieved Text: The iconic rom-com is celebrating its 15th anniversary.
Jennifer Garner is revealing if we're ever likely to see her reprise her role on the iconic romantic comedy 13 Going on 30.
The actress was recently asked if a sequel to the much-loved movie could ever happen as it celebrates its 15th anniversary – and she had a pretty hilarious response.
Speaking on Good Morning America, Garner joked: "What, like 15 going on 50?"
"Let's simmer down and then let's leave well enough alone," she then added, shutting down any possibilities for a sequel.
Even though a sequel doesn't have a green light from Garner's side, the actress has opened up about memories she has from the movie, saying that her favourite one was working with Ant-Man and the Wasp actress Judy Greer.
"It was the cast, Judy Greer, working with Judy," Garner said. "We had so much fun together. She was my frenemy [in the movie] and we're still really good friends."
Fellow co-star Mark Ruffalo has recently shared his views about filming the rom-com, which Ariana Grande recently paid homage to in her 'thank u, next' music video, saying that he had "the sweetest time" working with Garner.
Related: Jennifer Garner says an Alias reboot is "happening"
"We had the sweetest time," Ruffalo told Entertainment Tonight. "[Jennifer] was a big star then but I was kind of just starting out. She was just so lovely.
"We were making this really sweet movie that had a great message for young girls.
"We were all sort of coming into our own in that moment. We really loved that

########
Rank: 22
Score: 26.85636
Retrieved Text: Big Red Auto Book - Serving Nebraska, Eastern Wyoming, Northeast Colorado & Northern Kansas. Dating advice for fat guys auto “Some people would step over their own mothers to get that car sale,” McDonald says. . 4 Online Dating Sites that Actually Work for FreeTop US Dating Sites . at guests, which freaks them out without her having to do anything big or bold.
dating sites without credit card zakelijk Dating advice for fat guys auto Jul 10, 2012 So what is it about foreign guys that draws Japanese women to them? I tell my wife all the time, and though it's slightly more automatic than it used to be If you skip tourists, the only white people you see are fat, balding, ugly white .. in you when you are just dating, I'd hold off on give marriage advice.
Apr 29, 2013 At a later date (or at the airport), the lowest ticket price available will be sold. When calling Spirit Airlines, they will advise you to either purchase an additional . Some people have health problems that cause weight gain. I have no problem sitting in my car, on a standard office chair or on a public bus. Dear Guys, I have a question about whether or not I'm being played by this Advice on love, relationships, dating and marriage from expert Charles J. . . Sit back, take a deep breath, think with the big head, and then come back. . Read 1 Answer from lawyers to Am I being played by my lawyer in

########
Rank: 23
Score: 26.784575
Retrieved Text: A few weeks ago, in a movie theatre, a person felt something poking from her seat. When she got up to see what it was, she found a needle sticking out of the seat with a note attached saying 'You have just been infected by HIV'.
The Disease Control Center (in Paris ) reports many similar events in many other cities recently. All tested needles were HI V Positive. The Center also reports that needles have been found in cash dispensers at public banking machines.
We ask everyone to use extreme caution when faced with this kind of situation. All public chairs/seats should be inspected with vigilance and caution before use. A careful visual inspection should be enough.
In addition, they ask that each of you pass this message along to all members of your family and your friends of the potential danger.
A young girl, engaged and about to be married in a couple of months, was pricked while the movie was going on. The tag with the needle had the message 'Welcome to the World of HIV family'. Though the doctors told her family that it takes about 6 months before the virus grows strong enough to start damaging the system and a healthy victim could survive about 5-6 years, the girl died in 4 months, perhaps more because of the 'Shock thought'.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 26.783138
Retrieved Text: Sheapos, one theme that usually programs piques a womans curiosity are emotionally charged topics such as relationships. You open your mouth, i couldnapos, have you seen anything interesting lately. quot; ask for her opinion, toronto just be yourself and see how it goes.
Read Customer Reviews many guys have asked me about which conversation topics are the best to talk about on a first date with girl all us secretly fear moment of awkwardness.Also make sure to read The natural conversational starting and ice braking pattern and our conversation starter techniques.Topics to, talk, about With a, girl : Evergreen, topics.
Women dont want you to try and invade their world with interrogationlike questions. What do you think about, iapos, the seekers of true knowledge. T have to hold intense, s key to make the girl feel special as soon as you can. Because first step to writing a novel this is the person you want the girl to get to know. I canapos, you donapos," how did you, girl Talk. quot; s appropriate, s facial expressions and body language, iapos. S time to move, itapos, t have to grin until your cheeks are numb. Amazon iTunes, though you donapos, and to get to know her more. What to talk about with girls should ultimately be an expression of you.
Last but certainly not least, what are you working on, now?You could always ask her how her day is going, or ask her what sorts of movies, bands, or hobbies she likes.The movie ruled, and the popcorn and drink were

########
Rank: 25
Score: 26.77661
Retrieved Text: Actress Kareena Kapoor Khan is currently on a maternity leave and yet the number of movie offers coming her way hasn’t gone down.
Rumors are rife that actress Sonakshi Sinha will be soon tying knot with her alleged beau Bunty Sajdeh. But the actress denied the reports and said at this point she has idea about what she wants in a man.
In her upcoming movie ‘Meri Pyaari Bindu’ actress Parineeti Chopra will be seen playing a quirky and an outgoing girl.
Director John Mathew Matthan’s last movie ‘Sarfarosh’ is till date considered as one of the best Bollywood movies.
Director Abhinay Deo’s last movie was the very successful ‘Delhi Belly’, starring Imran Khan.
Actress Priyanka Chopra has been named as the second most beautiful woman in the world.
Actress Anushka Sharma’s movie ‘Phillauri’ is going strong even in its second week run.
Actress Kajol’s choice of starring in a Tamil movie ‘VIP 2’, opposite Dhanush, has taken everyone by surprise.
Ranbir Kapoor is currently busy stepping into the shoes of actor Sanjay Dutt for the upcoming biopic to be directed by Rajkumar Hirani.
Superstar Akshay Kumar is all set to portray the role of legendary musician Gulshan Kumar in ‘Mogul’.
Salman Khan’s eagerly anticipated movie ‘Tubelight’ finally has a release date.
Shahid Kapoor’s upcoming movie ‘Padmavati’ has been in news for all the wrong reasons.
Filmmaker Karan Johar has finally brought his new born twins home. The babies were discharged from Surya Children’s hospital in Juhu on Wednesday afternoon after spending more than a month in the hospital.
Priyanka Chopra is a busy actress. She is currently occupied

########
Rank: 26
Score: 26.740044
Retrieved Text: Alright, we were going to the movies, got it? I mean, the movies. Like, the ones that have that big screen at the front of the room of seats and shows thing on the huge screen while you throw popcorn at people. Well, at least that's how I pictured it. I'd never been to one of those things, but surely the t.v. doesn't lie about that kinda thing, right?
I mean, the only other thing I'd seen with people going to movies were when the boy and the girl sat there and the dude like put his arm over her shoulder and was all mwah! And kissed the girl and then the girl was giggly and all that stuff. That didn't really apply to this going to the movies though cause it wasn't a boy and a girl, it was Will and I. Well, I mean, we are a boy and a girl, but I mean.. I'm a girl.. and he's a boy.. but he's Will and I'm me? You following?
Anyways, it was like we were just.. going and he bought the tickets. It smelled like popcorn and other yummy stuffs, and before we started into the theatre I pulled him aside and pointed to the constions.
"Can I have some?" I asked, grinning at him. "Pretty, pretty please Will?"
I nod, taking her hand and walking her over to the counter. "So what do you want?" I ask, looking down at her. She looked really excited, I mean, I was excited too cause I hadn't been to a

########
Rank: 27
Score: 26.600288
Retrieved Text: The movie A Boy A Girl A Dream: trailer, clips, photos, soundtrack, news and much more!
Do you have broken dreams?
The film is directed by Qasim Basir.
The release date of the movie A Boy A Girl A Dream is set to September 14, 2018 (in theaters).
I did like Meagan Good in the series “Minority Report”. Impatient to see her performance in this film!
Stay tuned with us for more details about the movie A Boy A Girl A Dream.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 26.565453
Retrieved Text: Romance movies w/ Dermot Mulroney stars?
Can anyone tell me some movies where Dermot Mulroney is the star, like romance movie.
Besides the Wedding Date, My Best Friends Wedding, and The Family Stone.
Best Answer: Oh my goodness, you've got to check out Griffin and Phoenix. It's a different type, but I loved it.
It stars Dermot Mulroney and Amanda Peet.
It's one of my favorites, even though it's kind of a tear jerker.
Griffin and Phoenix is with Dermot Mulroney and Amanda Peet.
Griffin is divorced, living in a flat in Manhattan while his sons and ex live in the family home in Westchester. He gets bad news from his oncologist: cancerous lesions have spread through his chest, and he has only a year or so to live. He audits a psychology class on death and dying at a nearby college where he chats up a woman who turns out to be an assistant dean. She's Phoenix; she smiles but keeps her distance, warming to him slowly. He tells her nothing of his situation. At his apartment a few days later, she finds a stash of books on death, dying, and terminal illness: will she put two and two together, and what will she do about it?
Plez can u suggest good movies starring robert downey jr or dermot mulroney and some good movie soundtrack.?
Can you tell me any movies starring robert downey jr and dermot mulroney together?
A producer offered me to star in low budget romance movie. He won't tell me the details but it involves horses?
Whats your favourite movie starring Michael

########
Rank: 29
Score: 26.518557
Retrieved Text: “Begin Again” sounded like a good movie, and a pretty good move in general, so I tuned into Writer/Director John Carney’s (”Once”) second feature film.
Dan (Mark Ruffalo from “Now You See Me“) is a once-great A&R guy with no A or R. He has not signed an artist for a decade, so his label threw him out. Dan also left his wife a year ago, so things are really looking down. Every piece of new music he hears sounds old and tired and worthless – a kind of audio metaphor for his life.
He winds up guzzling whisky at an open mic night, and hears Greta (Keira Knightley from “Seeking a Friend for the End of the World”) sing her new song. The melody nudges him, and the voice intrigues him while the lyrics seal the deal. The crowd gives her a polite applause, as all they heard was a whiny girl strumming an acoustic guitar. He heard something special, and unique, and above all – he heard potential. Dan could hear the rest of the musicians that should be there to accompany her as he created the arrangement in his head to make the song sing. It’s like the way I re-write a movie in my head as I see it going off-track.
When Dave (Adam Levine from Maroon 5), Greta’s boyfriend of five years, gets signed to a record deal and a tour, he sees less potential in her. They wrote songs together, but when his star takes off she is left holding a pencil and

================



======= Instance Index 4566 =========
Input Text: Read the following conversation and answer the question.

W: Do I have enough postage on this package?

M: Let's see. You already have three fifteen cent stamps and two twenty-five cent stamps on it. You only need one five-cent stamp.

Question: What is the total amount of postage required to mail the package? 

- $5.45

- $1.00

- $0.95

Target Text: $1.00

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 39.30418
Retrieved Text: [8-1-11] The value of precanceled stamps affixed to each piece in a mailing must be either the exact amount due or the exact monetary value of the USPS precanceled stamp appropriate to the price category of the mailpiece. Unless permitted by other standards or Business Mailer Support authorization, the same monetary value of stamp(s) must be affixed to every piece in the mailing. Refunds for overpayment must meet the standards in 9.0.
d.	USPS precanceled stamps may be used to pay single-piece postage if the piece bearing the stamps has the correct marking (e.g., "First-Class Mail") immediately under the postage.
[8-1-11] A mailer meeting the standards in 3.4 may precancel adhesive stamps, stamped cards, and stamped envelopes with a mailer’s precancel postmark. Mailers authorized under 3.4 may precancel one or more postage stamps provided the total of the postage on the mailpiece equals the exact monetary value of the corresponding USPS precanceled stamp appropriate to the price category of the mailpiece. Stamped cards are precanceled at the time of printing and do not require a mailer’s precancel postmark.
[9-6-11] Product categories include postage meters and PC Postage products. Additional information on product categories and authorized providers is available online at www.usps.com/postagesolutions. The primary characteristics of postage meters and PC Postage products are described below.
[10-3-11] Mailers may use postage evidencing systems to affix or apply indicia on any class of mail except First-Class Package Service commercial plus parcels, Periodicals, and Bound Printed Matter.
[9-6-11] If authorization to use a Postage Evidencing System is denied, the mailer must surrender the systems, upon request,

########
Rank: 1
Score: 36.303116
Retrieved Text: Joe, using only .32 cent stamps and .20 cent stamps, put $3.36 postage on a package he sent to his sister, he used twice as many .32-cent stamps as 20-cent stamps. How many of each stamp did he use.....please help me .this is driving me crazy!!
An executive bought 300 stamps for $73.80. The purchase included 15 cent stamps, 20 cent stamps, and 40 cent stamps. The number of 20 cent stamps is four times the number of 15 cent stamps. How many 40 cent stamps were purchased?
A word Problem Kris has an endless supply of 4-cent and 7-cent stamps for mailing a package. What is the greatest amount of postage that cannot be affixed to a package using these stamps?
Joanie wants to mail a package that requires $1.61 in postage. If she has only 5 cent and 8 cent stamps. what is the smallest number of stamps she could use that would total exactly $1.61?

########
Rank: 2
Score: 34.71386
Retrieved Text: Purchase price of $0.55; postage value equivalent to First-Class Mail nonautomation single-piece rate ($0.41); remainder is contribution to fund breast cancer research.
All postage stamps issued by the United States since 1860, unless listed in 1.3, are valid for postage from any point in the United States or from any other place where U.S. Mail service operates. Precanceled stamps may be used to pay regular postage and fees for extra services if the mailpiece is endorsed under the standards for the class of mail and service requested. Precanceled postage may be used only by permit holders authorized under 3.0. Unless excepted by standard, the total postage affixed must equal at least the postage charge for the class of the mail and, if applicable, the fee for the extra service requested. All nondenominated postage and makeup rate stamps, including official mail stamps, are valid at the original rates of issue.
a. Postage due, special delivery, special handling, and Certified Mail stamps.
b. Stamps of other countries.
c. United Nations stamps, unless on mail deposited at the United Nations, NY.
d. U.S. stamps that are mutilated or defaced; cut from stamped envelopes, aerogrammes, or stamped cards; covered or coated in such a manner that canceling or defacing marks cannot be printed onto the stamps; or overprinted with an unauthorized design, message, or other marking.
e. Nonpostage stamps, such as migratory-bird hunting and conservation stamps, U.S. saving and thrift stamps.
Matter bearing imitations of postage stamps, in adhesive or printed form, or private seals or stickers resembling a postage stamp in form and design, is not

########
Rank: 3
Score: 34.611908
Retrieved Text: Buy directly from us at these competitive prices for your convenience. Take to your local mechanic or do it yourself.
Every package we send out has a 'how to use' guide included. You can also download Product Material Safety Data Sheets should you require more information. Remember you are buying a professional grade product and not a mass produced cheap alternative. Get the results the first time with Injection Correction.
We accept debit/credit cards via PayPal. Note: When you have click on the "Buy Now" button, the amount shown at checkout includes postage and packing. View our privacy, delivery and legal policies here.
Free postage - 12 of each delivered to your door.
When you click on the Buy Now button, the amount shown at the checkout includes postage and packing.
Prices are internet only. Local stockists prices may vary. 1 Can = 1 Treatment.
P & P using Royal Mail 2nd Class Recorded to UK addresses only.
* Recommended purchase. Total engine cleaning treatment package per vehicle!
† Our Best Deal suitable for clubs, associations etc.We can mix 12 of each if required!
Order Injection Correction Emission Control products with confidence using our secure checkout.
Remember that these products are professional grade, and come in a proper can with a specially designed spout; so you can be assured you are not buying yet another cheap wannabe product. If a service is near due then this is an excellent way of completely cleaning your engine to restore lower emissions and performance immediately.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 34.58328
Retrieved Text: At some point and time, we all head to the United States Post Office, UPS or FedEx to mail our packages and letters. Today, many people are living a busier lifestyle, and waiting in long lines at the post office to have your letter or package weighed for postage can be a hassle. Let us discuss how to calculate postage at your business or home to save yourself some time.
If you are a business owner, or have a home based business, you probably mail out large volumes of letters and packages. If this is the case, it would be beneficial on your part to purchase a postal scale. There are two different types of postage scales on the market to purchase, the first is the digital, and the second would be the mechanical postage scales. These scales range in the amount of weight they can calculate from as little as 5 pounds on up to 400 pounds. The benefits to having your own postage scale is that they allow you to figure out your own postage prior to heading to the post office, to purchase postage online at a cheaper rate, the ability to use the automated postage teller that is available in most larger postal offices, and no more waiting in long lines.
The prices of postage at the USPS vary upon the type of letter or package you will be sending, and to which one of the 8 zones is the final destination of delivery. The information that you need to know to calculate postage

########
Rank: 5
Score: 34.379314
Retrieved Text: Do you know that you can redirect a domestic shipment that has not yet been delivered or released for delivery? With USPS Package Intercept, you can raise a request for the mailpiece to be sent back to you or redirected before final delivery happens to the original address.
Get to know about another fine service of USPS, called USPS Package Intercept.
1 What is USPS Package Intercept?
2 How does USPS Package Intercept work?
3 How to Intercept a Package?
What is USPS Package Intercept?
USPS Package Intercept is a way to redirect a domestic shipment that the user has not got it delivered or it is not released for the delivery. This service is possible for the parcels, letters, and flats with a tracking or extra services barcode.
The users can also stop their mail and parcels and Hold package at the post office or send them to a different destination address. They can also pick up the package from USPS. Most of the customers got their answer about the same because we found lots of customers asking can you pick up packages from USPS? The users can also raise a request to redirect them as Priority Mail to be sent back to you. USPS Package Intercept requests are open for 10 days from the day you raise the request.
The USPS Intercept fees can be found on Notice 123, Price list. With USPS Package Intercept fee, you will also have to pay the applicable postage and extra fees may apply for redirecting the mail to a new location or to return to

########
Rank: 6
Score: 34.12893
Retrieved Text: The Volunteers at the Museum Shop offer an old fashioned Mail Order service. You identify the book or item that you want, we tell you the total cost including postage, you send us the money and we then post it to you.
This is best and most quickly achieved via email to shop@radstockmuseum.co.uk but you could also telephone us on 01761 437722 and leave a message to which we will respond in due course.
• Your name and telephone number (and e mail address if phoning).
• The address you would like the package delivered to, if different.
• Whether you will pay by cheque in the post or using PayPal (the fastest method).
You do not need to hold or sign up to a PayPal account to do this –you can use the GUEST option. It is secure and easy to pay this way.
If you choose PayPal we will generate a PayPal invoice and you will receive this by email. When you get the invoice the amount that you see will be the cost of your purchase(s) including the postage cost.
If you choose cheque, we will advise you of the total cost* by e mail, phone or post.
By either method, when we receive the money we will send out the package and alert you by e mail or phone that it has been despatched.
Should your order not arrive within a week of the despatch date please contact us, by e mail if possible.
* On the website all items are priced exclusive of postage. They will be posted to you at

########
Rank: 7
Score: 34.120567
Retrieved Text: Postage costs also include packaging.
Items are only insured up to £20 including postage when using standard mail services. A tracked and/or signed for service will increase the amount insured to a maximum of £50 including postage costs. Special delivery can include cover up to £2,500 for the UK and £250 internationally. In the event of a package becoming lost, compensation can only be paid according to the amount insured. Should you require insurance above the minimum £20, please select a tracked and/or signed for service at step 1 of the ordering process. Custard Box reserves the right to determine whether a package requires insurance above that covered by standard mail services, and to what value. All services offering compensation above £20 are at extra cost to the prices shown in the table below.
In the table below, Europe means any country identified by UK Royal Mail as a European country. Zone 1 means any country in the rest of the world except the Australia / New Zealand / Singapore / remote Pacific Ocean region. Zone 2 means countries in the Australia / New Zealand / Singapore / remote Pacific Ocean region.
The maximum weight for an international air mail package is 2kg. Orders exceeding this weight will have to be split, or can go by courier although courier is very expensive.
UK couriers usually limit the countries to which they may deliver. For example, UK couriers will not normally deliver to Russia.
When paying by PayPal, in order to comply with PayPal policies, the default address for shipping is that

########
Rank: 8
Score: 33.789448
Retrieved Text: A postage meter is a mailing system that prints postage directly on the envelope (or an adhesive tape) for any type of mail — first, second, third, or fourth class; air mail, registered mail, special delivery, or other special services.
The meter is the critical part of your mailing system. It prints the indicia and stores the postage.
The base is essentially an envelope handler, designed to transport the item to be stamped through the meter. The four main parts of a base include the feeder, sealer, stacker, and tape dispenser.
A feeder guides envelopes through the meter. Although you can get a low-end meter without a feeder, feeding a large mailing by hand can be pretty tedious.
A sealer moistens the envelope flap and closes it.
A stacker clears mail from the machine after it is stamped. Low-end stackers are no more than a catch tray placed at the edge of the meter. Power stackers can stack more envelopes by using a conveyor mechanism to move the stamped pieces away from the meter’s edge.
What is a Tape Dispenser?
In some cases, it is not possible to print an indicia directly on to a mailing piece – like with a large package. In these cases, strips of adhesive paper, called tape, are fed through the meter and affixed to the package. The tape is stamped with the indicia or postage amount.
A scale weighs letters or packages, based on the then-current rates, and indicates how much postage to apply to your mail piece. Interfaced models automatically apply that amount when running the piece

########
Rank: 9
Score: 31.339767
Retrieved Text: This type of service is intended for physical and legal entities that wish to achieve prestigious presence at the market of the Republic of Serbia.
We can provide you with a professional telephone service, mail receiving and forwarding service, fax receiving and forwarding service – without the expense of full time office space.
As our client you will have full access to the meeting office with lower costs.
Payment is in dinars at the NBS exchange rate for effective foreign currency on the day of issue of the budget.
You travel often and are not able to receive mail?
We receive private mail for you and we forward it to you with absolute discretion.
Your invoices and business mail do not have to arrive at the registered office of the company, send them to us.
Business package gives you the opportunity to receive your business mail through us. Your invoices, mail, written notice and similar will be scanned and sent by e-mail, and the originals will be stored until personal pick up or repackaged and sent to the agreed address.
Enables your company headquarters to be in Novi Sad and postal service as 2 basic services. There is also a phone number shared with other companies where you can receive various messages from your clients. Do not miss the opportunity to hold your monthly meeting in one of the most beautiful meeting rooms in Novi Sad.
All you need in one package.
It is intended for business owners who choose the best for their start. A prestigious address in Novi Sad for its headquarters, a professional

########
Rank: 10
Score: 31.114693
Retrieved Text: USPS Postage Calculator & USPS Shipping Calculator : The United States Postal Service is popularly known as USPS. The USPS is reputed postal service sector in the United States, which offers prominent and reliable mailing services for people within USA and to other countries. It also allows tracking the shipment and orders. The USPS Postage Calculator and shipment calculator will be useful in calculating the estimated time, cost etc. Users can visit the USPS official website, usps.com to check the USPS Postage calculator and USPS Shipment calculator. To visit the direct page of shipment calculator of USPS, visit postcalc.usps.com. Check more details and steps from the following article.
[Mail & Ship] option will be visible on screen. You will find it on the blue bar that runs across your screen.
Click on [Calculate a Price] you will find the drop down menu.
After these steps the postcalc.usps.com page opens, where it enables to CHECK the price and shipment details. Check the detailed process to understand more about USPS postage calculator or shipment calculator.
This option is for where you want to send the package.
Then wait for a few seconds while the web page refreshes.
This is for the AMOUNT / PRICE of the package.
Step 3: Enter the date.
You cannot select the earlier date as by default it is scratched out.
There is another box beside it. Click on the tiny little arrow next to the time.
From the drop down select when the package should go out.
Step 5: Click on the square to check mark the box that says “Check if the mail

########
Rank: 11
Score: 30.999355
Retrieved Text: All prices are in Australian Dollars and freight costs relate to total order amount.
Number 96 offers Express Post or Registered Post � additional shipping insurance costs also apply according to value of order. International Postage charges will be applied according to value and weight of goods to be shipped. Number 96 will advise all customers of costs prior to delivery.
For deliveries outside Australia postage is an additional charge. Postage cost is calculated on total order weight and destination and included at the checkout. Number 96 uses registered international post to send packages overseas � you will be required to sign for delivery of your package.
Note: Prices DO NOT include relevant overseas duties and other custom charges that you may incur and Number 96 online is not responsible for any restrictions that result from the importation of certain products into various countries.
All orders are delivered via Australia Post and your signature may be required to accept registered goods. Goods will be delivered during normal business hours and can be delivered to Australian Post Office Boxes. Goods delivered within Australia will take three to seven working days.
For delivery outside Australia, please allow up to 20 working days. Parcels will be delivered via airmail and if there is no-one to accept the package, local postal guidelines will apply. Post Office Box addresses are not accepted for overseas deliveries.
Note: Number 96 takes no responsibility for lost orders if customers provide incorrect address details.
Part of the Number 96 experience is total discretion and privacy and that is why all goods are

########
Rank: 12
Score: 30.499962
Retrieved Text: Stamps.com recently participated in a webinar for the Top Rated Seller Webinar series, a monthly webinar that focuses on helping eBay sellers expand sales. The October topic was “Best Practices for International Shipping” and it featured Bryan Goodman and Jason Smith from ThriftingWithTheBoys.com. If you missed the webinar, watch the recording below.
#23 Is there a $400 limit on Priority Mail International. Or can we ship higher value items with Priority Mail International by providing additional forms/documentation? For regular Priority Mail International packages, you are able to mail an item up to $2,500 in value as you normally would. If your item is over $2,500 in value, you’ll need to include an Internal Transaction Number (ITN) number on the Customs Form and you may be required to get a license or perform other actions.
#24 Priority Mail Express International to Russia required us to go to the Post Office. However, Priority Mail International to Russia for the same package was accepted. What is the logic? As long as you print your shipping label using online postage, you should not need to drop your package off at the Post Office. When you use online postage, the software prints an electronic round stamp on the Customs Form. This electronic round stamps indicates to the USPS you are a “Known Mailer” (you have an established online postage account in good standing) and you may give your international package to your daily mail carrier. You do not need to go to the Post Office.
About ThriftingWithTheBoys.com and ShippingWithTheBoys.com: Jason Smith and Bryan Goodman

########
Rank: 13
Score: 30.257257
Retrieved Text: A negotiated service agreement (NSA) is a customized and mutually beneficial contractual agreement between the USPS and a specific mailer (customer or organization). An NSA provides for customized pricing, rates, and classifications under the terms and conditions established in the NSA and may include modifications to current mailing standards and other postal requirements. Any mailer may submit an application for an NSA if the mailer meets the requirements in 1.2 and follows the process in 1.3.
Terms and conditions of an NSA affecting rates or classifications require that the USPS request a recommended decision from the Postal Rate Commission before the USPS may approve and implement the NSA. NSAs must be recommended and approved under 39 U.S.C. 36 and the Postal Rate Commission's rules of practice and procedure.
d. Candidate's willingness to establish and maintain electronic systems and quality control programs as specified by the USPS for paying postage and generating records to facilitate monitoring and reconciling mail volumes, rates, and fees, including volumes and postage paid by a mail preparation agent on behalf of the candidate.
a. The candidate must permit USPS inspection of mail content to determine rate eligibility.
c. The candidate must meet and adhere to quality management standards for the classes of mail and rates claimed.
g. The candidate must engage counsel and file testimony as necessary in support of the NSA before the Postal Rate Commission.
The negotiated service agreement (NSA) that was the subject of Docket MC2002-2 requires Capital One Services, Inc. (Capital One) to receive electronic notification for undeliverable First-Class Mail solicitations instead of physical

########
Rank: 14
Score: 30.141401
Retrieved Text: Size: rate 4- 1/ first 4" x 6" thickness:. Postal first Service Announces New Prices for. in the price of rate a First- Class Mail Forever rate stamp from 49 cents sheet to 50 cents. This guide will tell you that where to rate buy stamps postage cards parcels. Since the mid- 19th century class national postal systems have generally been established as postage government monopolies class with a fee on sheet the article first prepaid. First- Class Mail ® automation first letters. USPS Postage Rate Cheat Sheet Comparison ( ) This is a diagram of parcel postal rate charts to helps you learn how sheet to price your shipping for eBay what the shipping costs will be if you pass them class on to the consumer. First class postage rate sheet.
Cost of First- Class™ Stamps. 016" Weights Single Piece Full Rate. This service is rate ideal class cost- effective for letters, , sheet large envelopes, bills postcards. First- Class Package Service has a maximum weight of less than 16 ounces. First Class letter 55 cents 27Jan, 2Feb19 I' m still missing some new rates - - give me a heads up at org. rate A postal service can postage be private public though many governments place restrictions on private systems. first The official first day of issue postmark for the United sheet States Postal Service' s Sally Ride postage stamps features a class facsimile rate of the late astronaut' s autograph as issued on May 23 . A small adhesive piece of paper of specified

########
Rank: 15
Score: 30.133772
Retrieved Text: The Lietuvos paštas is different from other postal services, they haven’t published Lietuvos paštas postage rates on their website to the public. But they do have a Postage Calculator.
The Postage Calculator of Lietuvos paštas is easy to use. When you open the Postage Calculator page, you can get the postage rates step-by-step on the same page. Here are a user guide of Lietuvos paštas Postage Calculator.
Money: Money can be sent by money orders or Western Union transfers to recipients in Lithuania and abroad.
After choosing the type of mail, choose the destination country and the package weight for both Letters and Parcels, choose the destination country and the money amount in euros for Money.
Click here to Calculate your package with Lietuvos paštas.
The information provided on this webpage has been compiled to provide general information to public, with the utmost care. For accuracy and completeness of the information in question, please verify details with any Post Office or Lietuvos paštas Website.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 29.941593
Retrieved Text: What Is Usps Cubic Pricing Updated With 15 Rates Online Postage Chart 2017 In Why You Should Not Go To 13 Usps 15 Rate Changes Shippo Postage Rates Chart 2017 Within Why You Should Not Go To 13 2018 Priority Mail Express Rates Or Why You Should Not Go To Usps Postage Chart 13 2018 First Class Package Service Rates On Why You Should Not Go To Usps Postage Chart 13 First Class Package Shipping Rates Increase For Why You Should Not Go To Usps Postage Chart 13 USPS Priority Mail January 2016 Rate Change Within Why You Should Not Go To Usps Postage Rates Chart 13 Postage Rates 2016 Within Why You Should Not Go To Usps Chart 13 Kit1 021 3 Like Why You Should Not Go To Usps Postage Rates Chart 13 2018 First Class Mail Letter Rates Random Why You Should Not Go To Usps Postage Chart 13 Postage Rates Postcard Current Usps Rate Charts Simple Tables In Why You Should Not Go To Chart 13 Primail 2018 Rc Random Why You Should Not Go To Usps Postage Rates Chart 13 Usps Priority Mail Rates In Why You Should Not Go To Postage Chart 13 Rate Card 2014 For Why You Should Not Go To Usps Postage Rates Chart 13 Media Mail Like Why You Should Not Go To Usps Postage Rates Chart 13 AccessKeyId Disposition 0 Alloworigin 1 For Why You Should Not Go To Usps Postage Rates Chart 13 Image Png W 620 Or Why You Should Not Go To

########
Rank: 17
Score: 29.936808
Retrieved Text: Methods of payment: VISA, MasterCard, American Express and Discover.
Shipping Information: All domestic orders are shipped via USPS. Please note in the "Comments" section during checkout if you would rather have your order shipped via UPS or FedEX. If using other than U.S. Mail, exact postage charged by UPS or FedEx, your total will be adjusted before your card is charged.
International orders: exact postage will be added to your order total. We can email you with postage costs before shipping the product.
Shipping Time: All orders are processed and shipped within two weeks of receipt of order.
Return Policy: Any product can be returned within 30 days provided the package contents have not been altered in any way.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 29.80287
Retrieved Text: You can find this section under Application Settings > Shipping Settings in the IRP Admin left navigation menu.
You use the Shipping Settings section to define general settings for shipping and specific settings for Parcelforce, Royal Mail and TNT.
Enable Shipping by Delivery Date If enabled, Shipping will be by Delivery Date and not the standard Shipping Rules. Please Note, this should only be enabled for sites where the actual day of delivery is important and can be guaranteed.
Item Total to Calculate Shipping Cost From This determines whether the Shipping Cost is calculated from the Basket Sub Total or the Basket Total. If enabled, the Shipping Cost will be calculated from the summation of the items in the Basket before Discounts have been applied. If disabled, the Shipping Cost will be calculated from the Basket Total, i.e. the summation of the items in the Basket and the application of Discounts.
Enable Postage Label Silent Printing Enable this to print labels automatically from the Auto Dispatch page. If enabled, you will not be prompted to click 'Print' when a PDF label is opened through the Auto Dispatch functionality - the print action will perform automatically on your Default printer.
Default Tracking URL Enter the Default Tracking URL for Parcelforce packages. The URL will be sent out in Order Complete Emails so that a Customer can track their packages using the Tracking Code provided.
ExpressLink Web Service URL Enter the Web Service URL value required for the Parcelforce ExpressLink Postage Integration. Please Note, there is usually a different URL for the Test and

########
Rank: 19
Score: 29.70153
Retrieved Text: Cost for spare parts will add.
We take responsibility for the watch at arrival, not before.
We are not responsible for weaknesses in the material like: glasses with cracks, wheels and stems with fractures that brake during the service. If that would happen we will contact the costumer and find a solution. That could be to order the missing part or manufacturing it.
Parts for certain brands cannot always be ordered. We gladly service them if no original parts are required.
Postage from the workshop is as recommended mail. When you send the watch to us avoid writing things that can relate to the content like “Urmakare” (watchmaker). Use the postage form you are comfortable with.
Estimations are fixed; if we find more errors we give another one. If we do not succeed in repairing the watch it would cost a thing if no other arrangement are made.
Repairs under the total amount of 300:- no estimations are made. All repairs under this amount are made even if they are not specified.
* All prices are indicative – Get a free quote.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 29.540163
Retrieved Text: Welcome to the Delaware Valley University Mail Center! Here are some helpful tips and important information regarding the on campus Mail Center.
All resident students are assigned a numbered mailbox that is retained as long as they are a full-time resident students. Students who do not live on campus are not permitted to have a mailbox.
Mail received without your mailbox number or the University’s name could be delayed in reaching you or returned to the sender.
When packages are delivered to the Mail Center by the USPS, UPS or Fed Ex, a notice will be placed in your mailbox for package pick-up. No package will be given to you without the proper University I.D. or other valid photo I.D., i.e. drivers license.
Faculty and other members of the University community use the University’s intra-campus mail system to deliver notices to you. Failure to frequently check your mailbox will not be accepted as an excuse for not receiving your mail.
Check your mailbox regularly — you have access to your mailbox from 8 a.m. through 11 p.m. — seven days a week.
Remember to lock your mailbox door after removing your mail by either turning the dial on a combination lock box or removing your key from a key mailbox. Double check to be sure that the door is closed and locked.
Please do not ask the Mail Center clerk to give you another student’s mail. You will need a written notice from you to the mail center if you want another student to pick up your mail/package. It is a FEDERAL OFFENSE

########
Rank: 21
Score: 29.534466
Retrieved Text: Domestic shipping rates are flat rates as follows: $12.99 for orders below $100.00, $9.99 for orders between $101 and $150, $4.99 for orders between $151 and $199, and free shipping over $200 (see "Free Shipping Promotion" details below). These rates are based upon shipping within the Continental US (lower 48) using FedEx ground shipping. Shipping rates using USPS might be slightly higher.
*** Free Domestic Shipping Promotion!!! Aiken's Airplanes is currently offering "Free Shipping" on most domestic orders over $200 with the following exceptions and conditions: This offer applies to domestic shipments only to the lower 48 states via FedEx ground shipping option. This offer does not include postal orders or international orders. This offer only applies to in stock items. The $200 amount stipulated in this offer only includes the products total and does not include taxes. Any returns voids the free shipping offer and re-stocking fees may apply. This offer and terms of this offer can be changed at any time without notice by Aiken's Airplanes.
Paypal is the preferred payment method for international orders! Major credit cards are also accepted.
There are three methods of shipping for International Orders: USPS Express Mail International, USPS Priority Mail International and USPS First Class!
USPS Express Mail International: Express Mail International has an estimated delivery time of 3-5 days and is the most expensive.
USPS Priority Mail International: Priority Mail International has an estimated delivery time of 6-10 days and is normally the preferred shipping option.
USPS First Class is for 4 lbs. and under with an expected delvery time of two

########
Rank: 22
Score: 29.335634
Retrieved Text: The USPS generates 70 billion dollars per year in revenue. Much of that revenue comes from business owners like you who need to ship documents and marketing materials as part of your everyday operations.
While mailing a letter here and a document there might not seem like much in the way of expenditures isolated, over the course of a year, your postage costs could be astounding.
To that end, the average business spends $200 per month on first class mail.
If you’re looking for ways to bring your mailing costs down, chances are you’ve consider metered mail.
For those unfamiliar, metered mail provides business owners with an alternative to putting stamps on their postage. It instead calculates an item’s weight and prints exact postage directly onto it.
Levering metered mail can bring incredible value to your business operations. Below, our team outlines 7 of the biggest benefits you can expect.
The reason why most businesses upgrade to mailing their necessities via metered mail is because of the savings doing so provides.
When you use stamps, you need to estimate how many stamps have to be included on a document or package whenever you mail something. This estimation often results in over stamping your postage and consequently, overpaying.
With metered mail, everything you ship is weighed and you pay a cost that is exactly in line with current USPS rates. You’ll never overpay to send an item again.
For businesses who worry about the costs involved in upgrading to a metered mail system, it’s important to note that the upgrade will eventually pay for itself many

########
Rank: 23
Score: 29.311928
Retrieved Text: Click-N-Ship® is an online postage service offered by the United States Postal Service® that allows you to create pre-paid shipping labels for certain mail classes-including Priority Mail®, Priority Mail Express®, Priority Mail International®, Priority Mail Express International®, and Global Express Guaranteed®—using your own PC and printer.
Other mail classes and special services such as First Class Mail®, Media Mail, stamps for regular letters, First Class International, Certified Mail™, and Parcel Select Ground® are not currently available using the Click-N-Ship program.
With Click-N-Ship, you can print postage and shipping labels for certain mail classes without a trip to the Post Office. After you’ve printed postage, you can even schedule a USPS® pickup to have your shipment picked up by your letter carrier at the same time your mail is delivered.
To avoid going to the post office altogether, be sure to use Click-N-Ship to schedule a free Carrier Pickup.
If you need to print postage for other mail classes, such as First Class Mail, Media Mail or Parcel Select Ground, Stamps.com offers a complete mailing and shipping solution to manage all your postage needs.
Like Click-N-Ship, Stamps.com allows you to print official, USPS-approved postage (including stamps!) and address labels from the comfort of your own home or office. Stamps.com also gives you 24/7 access to all the USPS services you need, including Carrier Pickup, Certified Mail, USPS Tracking, package insurance and more.
Stamps.com facilitates high-volume shipping by allowing you to batch print pre-paid shipping labels, and its automated forms eliminate the need to fill out Certified Mail, Return Receipt, and International Customs forms

########
Rank: 24
Score: 29.139168
Retrieved Text: •What is my personal information used for?
We use your personal information only for billing and shipping. Information is never sold, rented or shared with any other service or company! Besides your order, you will not receive any additional catalogs, mailings, or emails from Peecock Products.
•Is my online information secure?
Your personal information will be protected by the worlds most advanced encryption technologies. The padlock on the bottom of your browser status bar ensures your order will be securely processed.
•How will the order show on my statements?
Purchases made by Paypal will read on your statement as "H.A.N"
•Will I receive purchase confirmation?
Once your order is submitted, you will receive an initial email confirming your order. Once your payment processes successfully, you will receive a second email indicating "payment received".
Important: If you have submitted an invalid email address you will not receive automated notifications. Email addresses cannot be modified once an order is submitted.
•How do I follow up on the status of my order?
Once your order is shipped, we will send you an email which contains the tracking information for your package. You can follow the information contain in the email to track the status of your package online. If you did not receive this email after 5 business days after you completed the transaction of your order, please Contact Us on Contact Us page or email contact@peecockproducts.com to enquire on the status of your order. You should also check on your Junk E-Mail folder in case the email ended in the Junk Mail folder. For USA customers, you can

########
Rank: 25
Score: 29.019938
Retrieved Text: ILLINOIS/WISCONSIN — Many consumers are in a sprint to the finish in terms of getting their holiday gifts and greetings in the mail. This week is expected to be the busiest week of the holiday mailing and shipping season for the Postal Service. The agency expects to process and deliver nearly 3 billion pieces of mail, which includes packages, this week alone.
“Overall, the Postal Service anticipates delivering nearly 15 billion total pieces of mail and more than 900 million packages between Thanksgiving and New Year’s Day — for a total of nearly 16 billion joyful mail and package deliveries this holiday season,” said postal spokesperson Sean Hargadon.
It’s predicted that Monday, December 17, will be the busiest day for online postal consumers. Nearly 400,000 customers will visit usps.com for help shipping that special holiday gift. It’s expected that nearly 5 million consumers will take advantage of convenient online services, like Click-N-Ship, to order free Priority Mail boxes, print shipping labels, purchase postage and request free next-day Package Pickup. And unlike many brick-and-mortar stores, usps.com is always open.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 28.949018
Retrieved Text: Postage meters, commonly known as postage mailing machines, are advanced devices that are highly useful in facilitating the package weighing and postal needs for businesses (helping to take the local post office out the equation.) A good postage meter incorporates the meter stamp that is used as proof of payment, thus helping to eliminate the need for adhesive stamps. Further, a postage meter tracks packages along with the shipping costs, thereby saving money for the company.
A postage meter with pre-programmed settings included in the meter proves to be handy for companies that sell items that are packaged the same way every time. Devices that encompass pre-programmed settings have the ability to save the time required in preparing the package. Meters that save the company info handle most of the work when processing the postage, hence saving a great deal of time and money in the long run.
Each office situation tends to vary. Different businesses have different mails to handle and a varying number of staffs that handle the mailings. While all the features presented by a postage meter benefit the end user, some features contribute to the overall cost of the device.
To further minimize unnecessary cost, therefore, companies are advised to opt for essential features that are important to the business and avoid those features that add unnecessary cost to the machine. Choosing machines that come with a proper feed mechanism is a great opportunity to save. Devices with a proper feed mechanism allow the users to choose the way the meter feeds the mail through

########
Rank: 27
Score: 28.897806
Retrieved Text: Buy USPS, FedEx, and UPS postage with Bitcoin fast. No sign up required! You can now use your Bitcoins to buy shipping labels for major domestic carriers, such as United States Postal Service, FedEx, and UPS. Due to increasing demand, we are happy to announce that we have added the ability to ship your mail internationally using bitcoins at BitcoinPostage.info. Send letters, packages, and parcels quickly and easily and print your labels instantly right from this website. You can even use your pre-purchased flat-rate envelopes. Ship anything from a gift card to any size package to a pallet. Shop securely and remain anonymous by being able to use services such as TOR and Onion.
Bitcoin is a consensus network that enables a new payment system and a completely digital money. It is the first decentralized peer-to-peer payment network that is powered by its users with no central authority or middlemen. From a user perspective, Bitcoin is pretty much like cash for the Internet. Bitcoin can also be seen as the most prominent triple entry bookkeeping system in existence. If you would like to start using Bitcoin, be sure to educate yourself on how to keep your wallet secure – we recommend going to the official Bitcoin website (click here) for a getting started guide.
How quickly can I print my postage?
A Bitcoin transaction, by design, will get one confirmation after an average of 10 minutes. Even before a confirmation has been received, a transaction is generally irreversible. Our website can allow you to print shipping labels at the

########
Rank: 28
Score: 28.790491
Retrieved Text: We will endeavour to dispatch your purchase within 3 working days of the confirmed cleared payment . (this excludes saturday & sunday) please remember items purchased from friday to sunday may not be dispatched before Tuesday/Wednesday. Please make sure there is someone available to receive your parcel, as item`s that are returned undelivered will normally incur a further delivery charge before being re-sent. If you require your item to be posted to a different address or p.o box . you will need to select a recorded signed for delivery service. If no recorded signed for service is offered, please contact us for a revised invoice before paying. Please remember that we take no automatic responsibility for items lost or damaged by the postal system, and we always get proof of postage which we will send should it be necessary. We will always assist in anyway possible should it be required.
Please Note: That though Collectables Corner are happy to send your order to any address as specified by the customer, we will not accept any liability for orders when the delivery address is a business address or a premises where the person`s accepting the delivery could be someone other than the named recipient. And that any claim for non delivery or damage to an order where the purchaser has selected it to be delivered to such an address will not be accepted.
Royal Mail U.K Recorded Delivery Postage, only insures your purchase for up to £50.00.
Royal Mail International Tracked Postage, only insures your purchase for up to £50.00.
Collectables

########
Rank: 29
Score: 28.450315
Retrieved Text: We require you to fill out our online subscription and/or donations form in order to create an account for you. This provides us with your shipping and contact details and allows us to process your request more efficiently. Required fields are clearly marked. All amounts shown are total amounts and include postage. When you have entered your details and payment method you will be asked to confirm your information. When you are satisfied with your request, please proceed to the checkout.
We accept most major credit or debit cards.
A regular donation by standing order would help SPEAK to plan for the future. Donating by direct debit also saves resources and allows us to spend more time where it’s needed – fighting those that brutalise animals.
If you prefer you can post your order or donation to us. You may download our subscription and donation forms here: Download subscription form | Download donation form (Adobe Reader required. Download free Reader here). Please include all necessary shipping and contact information and proper payment amount. All amounts shown are total amounts and include postage.
Please send cheques and postal orders made payable to SPEAK Campaigns, and mail to: SPEAK Campaigns PO Box 6712 Northampton NN2 6XR.
Once you have placed an order, you will receive an e-mail confirmation saying that your order has been received and is being processed. SPEAK Out Magazine is published 3 times a year. Upon receipt of your payment, we will send you the most recent edition within 48 hours. We will send your order using the royal mail

================



======= Instance Index 4019 =========
Input Text: Read the following conversation and answer the question.

W: Mr. Johnson, have you heard the morning news report? Mill has resigned his post as Prime Minister.

M: I didn't turn on the radio this morning, but I did see the headlines. If you remember, he threatened to leave the office at the last cabinet meeting.

Question: How did Mr. Johnson learn that the Prime Minister has resigned? 

- He read the cabinet report.

- He read the newspaper.

- He listened to a radio report.

Target Text: He read the newspaper.

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 39.30059
Retrieved Text: London, July 9 (Just News): British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson has resigned, Downing Street said in a statement today, hours after Brexit Minister David Davis stepped down.
"This afternoon, the Prime Minister accepted the resignation of Boris Johnson as Foreign Secretary," PM Theresa May's Downing Street office said in the statement.
"His replacement will be announced shortly. The prime minister thanks Boris for his work," the statement said.
He was due to co-host a summit on the Western Balkans in London today but did not show up.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 37.85966
Retrieved Text: DAVID DAVIS – the minister responsible for negotiations with the EU – has resigned as Brexit secretary sparking calls for weak and unstable Theresa May to step down as Prime Minister.
Brexit minister Steve Baker, has also stepped down along with his boss.
The shock move comes as the Maybot faces intense backlash due to her ‘Soft-Brexit’ stance.
The cabinet – including Mr Davis – all signed up to the proposals after a meeting at Chequers last week.
Tories are now openly calling for a leadership challenge to end the disastrous Theresa May premiership that his limped along since she lost a General Election last year.
Sources have told Politicalite that next major name to resign could be Boris Johnson, the Foreign Secretary.
Theresa May’s days are looking numbered.
This is a developing story – more follows.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 36.666
Retrieved Text: British Prime Minister Theresa May has moved quickly to fill gaps in her Cabinet by appointing a new minister in charge of international aid and development, after the previous holder of the post was forced to resign in the wake of a political scandal.
But Mrs May, who has no overall parliamentary majority, and has now lost two key ministers in as many weeks, is facing calls to embark on a full-scale Cabinet reshuffle, just when she plans to introduce a new Budget - a key moment in Britain's political calendar. And her backbench MPs are growing restless just when Parliament is about to adopt controversial legislation setting out the rules for Britain's withdrawal from the European Union.
London appears rudderless, led by a prime minister who no longer seems able to govern, and yet, is also apparently irreplaceable.
Ms Priti Patel, the International Development Secretary, resigned on Tuesday when evidence surfaced that she negotiated with foreign political leaders, including Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, without informing Britain's top diplomats about these initiatives.
To add insult to injury, she failed to offer convincing explanations for her conduct when confronted with awkward questions.
But the snag for Mrs May is that a number of other members in her Cabinet are also embroiled in scandals that may claim their political careers.
Mr Damian Green, who holds the office of First Secretary of State and is Mrs May's immediate deputy, is still under investigation over allegations involving his personal conduct, although he strenuously denies any impropriety.
And Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson, who has long been afflicted

########
Rank: 3
Score: 36.415565
Retrieved Text: Mr. Olmert will now create facts on the ground.
Even as the Israeli Prime Minister announces his intent to resign, he acts as if he will make himself indispensable to the country, while he recruits Diaspora Jews to his cause.
Mr. Olmert presented himself as the victim of police persecution.
On Wednesday evening, Israel Prime Minister Ehud Olmert announced that he "intends to resign" from his high office immediately after the September primaries scheduled for his Kadima party.
Mr. Olmert's statement did not contain one word of regret, guilt or accountability for no less than half a dozen criminal cases pending against Olmert.
Mr. Olmert did not utter a word about a war in the north that he so badly mismanaged.
Mr. Olmert did not utter a word about how he mismanaged Israel's ability to cope with the seething Hamas military might that threatens Israel from the south.
Instead, Mr. Olmert presented himself as the victim of police persecution and stated, quite clearly, that he would use the time left in office to advance international agreements that he has been advancing - those with the PLO and with Syria.
The timing of Olmert's announcement that he intended to resign occurred only two hours after Israel's parliament went into a long summer recess. Mr. Olmert will now administer the country with 108 paid advisors who remain at his beck and call - the highest amount of paid advisors ever retained by an Israeli Prime Minister - while also retaining an expensive public relations firm and a team of lawyers; all at public expense, without any

########
Rank: 4
Score: 35.883743
Retrieved Text: LONDON - Jo Johnson has resigned as Theresa May's Transport Minister over her handling of Brexit talks.
Johnson announced on Friday afternoon that he was quitting the UK government because "what is now being proposed won't be anything like what was promised two years ago."
"To present the nation with a choice between two deeply unattractive outcomes, vassalage and chaos, is a failure of British statecraft on a scale unseen since the Suez crisis," Johnson wrote in a statement, adding that Britain was now "barrelling towards an incoherent Brexit."
A car crashed into UK Prime Minister Theresa May's convoy in Belgium on Friday, local media reported.
May, who was travelling with Belgian Prime Minister Charles Michel to a World War I memorial, was not hurt, according to Belgian outlets SudInfo and De Standaard .

########
Rank: 5
Score: 35.61355
Retrieved Text: Only two of Berkshire's eight MPs have said they will support the Prime Minister.
Just two MPs in Berkshire have confirmed they will support the Prime Minister's controversial Brexit deal.
Newbury MP Richard Benyon and Reading West MP Alok Sharma are the only MPs in the county, other than Theresa May herself to come forward saying they will support the proposed deal.
The vote is set to be held on Tuesday, December 11, and the Prime Minister is facing a tough task with around 100 MPs declaring they are not prepared to support her proposed deal with the EU.
getreading contacted Reading East MP Matt Rodda (Labour), Reading West MP Alok Sharma (Conservative), Wokingham MP John Redwood (Conservative), Bracknell MP Dr Phillip Lee (Conservative), Windsor MP Adam Afriyie (Conservative), Slough MP Tan Dhesi (Labour), as well as Mr Benyon (Conservative), to ask whether they are prepared to support Mrs May.
Mr Benyon said: "I am supporting the Prime Minister.
"I think this is the best deal we can get to bring together business in West Berkshire and that no deal isn't what people want."
"The proposals are against the national interest and could damage our local economy and harm our community"
Mr Rodda said: "The Brexit negotiations have produced a deeply flawed draft withdrawal agreement and I am very concerned about how our relationship with other European countries could develop in the future.
"I firmly believe the Prime Minister’s proposals are against the national interest and could damage our local economy and harm our community.
"I do not accept the Government’s assertion that we either must

########
Rank: 6
Score: 35.40578
Retrieved Text: Prime minister Gordon Brown has unveiled a new health team that is widely perceived as an attempt to restore staff and public confidence in the NHS.
Heading the team is former union general secretary Alan Johnson, who left the education department to become health secretary. The appointment of a surgeon, Professor Sir Ara Darzi, as a parliamentary under-secretary underlines Mr Brown's desire to be seen to be building a government 'of all the talents'.
Former nurse Ann Keen MP has joined the team as parliamentary under-secretary, while Dawn Primarolo - a close ally of Gordon Brown - moved from her post as Treasury paymaster-general to that of public health minister. Former environment minister Ben Bradshaw is also a new health minister.
Ivan Lewis retains his brief as care services minister, which might be augmented with responsibility for mental health.
The unions have welcomed the appointment of Mr Johnson, who was general secretary of the Communication Workers Union from 1992 until his election in 1997.
NHS Confederation chief executive Dr Gill Morgan said she discussed the challenges facing the service with Mr Johnson on his first full day in office. 'One of the key issues is how we get staff to be our greatest advocates. There is a significant job to be done. Mr Johnson brings knowledge and willingness to learn to the job,' she said.
Sir Ara praised the reform drive in a statement issued after his appointment, but said: 'We can do better,' promising to speak for NHS staff 'at the heart of government'.
Sir Ara will work for the DoH four

########
Rank: 7
Score: 34.78739
Retrieved Text: The Law Enforcement and Cyber Security Minister Angus Taylor was the most senior Liberal to back Peter Dutton's leadership bid by quitting the frontbench.
Five Liberal frontbenchers have offered the prime minister their resignations, following Peter Dutton’s failed leadership challenge.
Michael Sukkar was the first, stepping down from his office as the minister assisting the treasurer. That resignation was quickly followed by Senator James McGrath, Concetta Fierravanti-Wells and then up and coming Law Enforcement and Cyber Security Minister Angus Taylor.
ACT Senator Zed Seselja tendered his resignation as Assistant Minister for Science, Jobs and innovation later on Tuesday night.
Federal Minister for Law Enforcement and Cyber Security Angus Taylor has offered his resignation, following Peter Duttno's challenge.
Mr Sukkar’s office confirmed the resignation to SBS News earlier Tuesday evening, revealing via a statement he had voted for Mr Dutton during the leadership ballot.
“In light of today's leadership ballot in which I voted for Peter Dutton, I have offered my resignation to the Prime Minister,” he said.
Assistant Minister to the Treas­urer Michael Sukkar has handed in his resignation.
"As a matter of integrity I felt compelled to do so."
Less than an hour later, a second assistant minister resigned.
James McGrath’s office confirmed to SBS News the Queensland Liberal senator had followed Mr Dutton’s lead and offered his resignation, giving up his position as assistant minister to the prime minister.
His office confirmed the resignation was a matter of integrity after the senator supported Mr Dutton in the Tuesday morning vote.
Liberal Party Senator James McGrath has also quit.
"I voted for Peter Dutton for Leader of the

########
Rank: 8
Score: 34.690346
Retrieved Text: (BBC) – Lebanese Prime Minister Saad al-Hariri has resigned, saying in a televised broadcast from Saudi Arabia that he feared for his life, while also fiercely criticising Iran.
Mr Hariri has been prime minister since December 2016, after previously holding the position between 2009 and 2011.
Iran said the resignation would create regional tensions and rejected Mr Hariri’s accusations as “unfounded”.
Mr Hariri has made several visits in the past few days to Saudi Arabia, whose leadership is strongly opposed to Iran.
Rafik al-Hariri was killed by a bomb in 2005 in an attack widely blamed on Hezbollah.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 34.654892
Retrieved Text: Surjit Bhalla resigned on December 1. A senior official in the Prime Minister's Office said his resignation would take effect from the same date.
Surjit Bhalla was a part-time member of the Prime Minister's Economic Advisory Council.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi has accepted the resignation of economist Surjit Bhalla as part-time member of his Economic Advisory Council (EAC), the PMO said on Tuesday.
Mr Bhalla resigned from his post on December 1. A senior official in the Prime Minister's Office (PMO) said his resignation would take effect from the same date.
The announcement of his resignation comes a day after Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Governor Urjit Patel resigned from his post. However, Mr Bhalla said in a Twitter post that he had resigned from his post on December 1.
"In his request, he had stated that he would be joining some other organisation," the PMO official said.
Headed by NITI Aayog Member Bibek Debroy, other part-time members of the EAC-PM include economists Rathin Roy, Ashima Goyal and Shamika Ravi.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 34.46037
Retrieved Text: SIBC news quote MP for West Kwara'ae, Sam Iduri, as stating that he and his East Kwaio colleague MP, Stanley Festus Sofu, have no intention to re-join the government of Prime Minister Manasseh Sogavare.
Mr. Iduri and Mr. Sofu were among ministers who resigned from the government last weekend.
Mr. Iduri told SIBC news that they have made up their mind and will remain with the current opposition.
The two were to have been sworn in again yesterday as ministers.
However, the swearing in ceremony was called off at the last minute because they declined to turn up.
Meanwhile, Press Secretary to Prime Minister says one former minister, Patrick Vahoe, has rejoined the government and will be sworn in again today as a minister.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 34.392735
Retrieved Text: Brexit secretary Dominic Raab has said he "cannot in good conscience" support Theresa May's proposed deal for Britain to leave the European Union.
The minister, who took over form David Davis in teh summer, resigned from his post today (Thursday, November 15), sharing a copy of the letter he sent to the Prime Minister on his Twitter account.
In it, he said: "I regret to say that, following the Cabinet meeting yesterday on the Brexit deal, I must resign.
"I understand why you have chosen to pursue the deal with EU on the terms proposed, and I respect the different views held in good faith by all of our colleagues.
"For my part, I can support the deal for two reasons."
He added: "First, I believe the regulatory regime proposed for Northern Ireland presents a very real threat to the integrity of the United Kingdom.
Prime Minister Theresa May. Picture: PA.
Theresa May announced yesterday that her Brexit deal had been approved by the Cabinet - but added that "difficult days lie ahead".
Hours earlier Shailesh Vara had quit as minister of state for Northern Ireland, saying Mrs May's agreement, "leaves the UK in a halfway house with no time limit on when we will finally be a sovereign nation".
A majority of MPs will need to vote for the draft withdrawal document for it to be given the green light - the magic number of votes being 320 for a majority.
MPs who are ministers of Government will be bound to support Mrs May's Brexit plans owing to collective responsibility - and Mr Raab now

########
Rank: 12
Score: 34.310585
Retrieved Text: Mr Hariri left Lebanon for Saudi Arabia last Friday and resigned the next day in a televised statement.
BEIRUT•Lebanon's President will not accept the resignation of Prime Minister Saad al-Hariri until he returns to Lebanon, Presidential Palace sources said yesterday, delaying for now the politically difficult consultations on his successor.
Mr Hariri left Lebanon for Saudi Arabia last Friday and resigned the next day in a televised statement that took the Lebanese political establishment by surprise.
He cited an assassination plot against him and criticised the regional role of Iran and its Lebanese ally Hizbollah.
However, Lebanon's army said yesterday that it had not uncovered any such plot.
The move has thrust Lebanon back into the arena of regional rivalry between Sunni Muslim Saudi Arabia, an ally of Mr Hariri, and Shi'ite Muslim Iran, which backs Hizbollah.
President Michel Aoun, a political ally of Hizbollah, will wait to accept or reject Mr Hariri's resignation until he returns to explain his reasons, sources at the Presidential Palace said.
Saudi-owned newspaper Asharq al-Awsat cited unnamed sources close to Mr Hariri as speculating that he would probably remain outside Lebanon because of the security threat against him.
Central Bank governor Riad Salameh sought to calm fears that the political turmoil unleashed by Mr Hariri's bid to resign would hit Lebanon's already fragile economy, issuing a statement to reaffirm the stability of its currency, which is pegged against the US dollar.
In Lebanon's sectarian system the president must be a Maronite Catholic, the prime minister a Sunni and the Speaker of Parliament a Shi'ite.
Mr Hariri is Lebanon's most influential

########
Rank: 13
Score: 34.277065
Retrieved Text: To give the public a choice between these two disastrous versions of Brexit would be a "failure of British statecraft on a scale unseen since the Suez crisis", he said, referencing the 1956 conflict against Egyptian President Gamal Abdel Nasser that is widely seen as marking the moment at which Britain formally lost its imperial role in the world.
Theresa May's fragile government faced a fresh blow last night when Transport Minister Jo Johnson quit, branding the Prime Minister's Brexit plans "incoherent" and a "con".
Johnson, who campaigned for Britain to stay in the European Union in the 2016 referendum, follows his elder sibling Boris - who spearheaded the pro-Brexit camp and quit as foreign secretary in July over Prime Minister Theresa May's plans - out of government over the divisive issue.
Serious impact?Image copyright PA Image caption Mr Johnson was elected MP for Orpington in 2010 and was made transport minister in January. The better alternative, he believes, is to have another vote on whether the people want to actually leave now when they know the cost they will have to pay. My loyalty to the party is undimmed.
"This prospect alone would be a resigning matter for me as a constituency MP, but it is just a facet of a far greater problem facing the nation". It was unclear whether others would follow Johnson out of government.
"I think we are at a sensitive point in the negotiations, a successful outcome is not guaranteed but I think it is possible in the next couple of weeks", Varadkar said on

########
Rank: 14
Score: 34.22746
Retrieved Text: Britain has a new top diplomat after a dramatic 24 hour period that plunged the country’s government into crisis.
Prime Minister Theresa May has tapped Jeremy Hunt to become the U.K.’s new Foreign Secretary.
The change at the top comes hours after Boris Johnson resigned from the post. Johnson was the second high-profile cabinet member to step-down, rather than accept the Prime Minister’s plan for leaving the European Union.
CGTN’s Richard Bestic explains the political turmoil.
But Prime Minister Theresa May is sticking to her controversial Brexit plan despite the departure of two senior cabinet ministers within two days. The first minister to go was David Davis, the point man in Brussels, claiming May’s plan means sticking to EU rules and regulations.
But it was Boris Johnson’s departure which triggered full-on talk of a leadership challenge. Boris Johnson, the face of Brexit during the referendum campaign two years ago, credited with winning the campaign for Leave.
In the British Parliament many are unhappy with May’s new ‘Chequers’ plan and that could leave her vulnerable to a challenge. Opposition leaders in Parliament say these resignations have created chaos. And, it’s difficult to disagree as the damage done is immense, triggering a possible leadership challenge. The UK could soon be asking Brussels for more time.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 34.18362
Retrieved Text: Prime Minister Marian Calfa has resigned from the Communist Party, the Government said today.
Mr. Calfa is the third Cabinet minister to leave the party in less than two weeks, and his departure leaves the Communists with just 7 members in the 21-member coalition Cabinet.
The Communist Party's original share of 10 places in the ''national consensus'' Government was agreed upon in talks between the party and the opposition Civic Forum movement, led by Vaclav Havel, who was elected President Dec. 29.
First Deputy Prime Minister Valtr Komarek, the Government's economic chief, left the party early last week, and Vladimir Dlouhy, head of the State Planning Commission, quit it at the end of December.
Mr. Dlouhy, who was also at today's news conference, said it was the first he had heard of Mr. Calfa's resignation.
The resignations of Mr. Komarek and Mr. Dlouhy from the party made no difference to their membership in the Cabinet, and there was no immediate indication that Mr. Calfa's move would affect his position as Prime Minister or lead to a reshuffle. But the agreement reapportioning political power between the Communists and the opposition specified that the presidency and the office of Prime Minister be divided between Czechs and Slovaks and Communists and non-Communists.
Mr. Havel is a non-Communist Czech. Mr. Calfa, appointed Dec. 7, is a 43-year-old Slovak lawyer who was previously minister in charge of legislation and sport. Between 1972 and 1987 he served in the office of Prime Minister Lubomir Strougal.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 34.06893
Retrieved Text: Egypt's Prime Minister Ahmed Shafiq has resigned, the country's ruling military council has announced in a statement on theiy website.
Essam Sharaf, a former transport minister who opposed Mr Mubarak's government after stepping down from the cabinet, and supported the revolution has been asked to form a new government, the statement adds.
Mr Shafiq was appointed days before President Hosni Mubarak was forced out of office following days of anti-government protests.
Protesters saw Mr Shafiq as too closely associated to Mr Mubarak's rule.
"The Supreme Council of the Armed Forces decided to accept the resignation of Prime Minister Ahmed Shafiq and appointed Essam Sharaf to form the new government," the army said in a statement on its Facebook page.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 33.78727
Retrieved Text: David Cameron should call a referendum on Britain's EU membership before the next election and be prepared to walk away from Brussels, Boris Johnson has said.
The London Mayor said it would be "fantastic" to have a poll before 2015, piling pressure on Mr Cameron to set an early date.
The Prime Minister is preparing to set out his vision for Britain's future place in Europe in a major speech early in the new year. He is widely expected to promise a new relationship with Europe and a vote on Britain's EU membership after this has been achieved.
However, Mr Johnson, who is seen as the Prime Minister's main rival, yesterday joined the Conservative eurosceptics in urging a much faster timetable.
Mr Johnson has been accused of repeatedly changing his mind on Europe, first backing the "Better Off Out" campaign and then deciding that there should not necessarily be an in/out referendum on leaving Brussels.
His latest position is that he wants a referendum giving a straight choice on whether Britain should exit the EU or remain a member under new, looser terms.
The Prime Minister is confident he can negotiate a new relationship, which he hopes could persuade backbench Conservatives to stop agitating for an exit from the EU entirely.
However, it may be tricky to secure an arms-length settlement with Brussels. Francois Hollande, the French president, claimed on Friday that Britain cannot choose which laws it wants to follow from an "à la carte" menu and insisted the EU "is for life".
Sounding a warning to Mr Cameron, the London Mayor said

########
Rank: 18
Score: 33.560318
Retrieved Text: As one of the leading members of the Brexit campaign, former London Mayor Boris Johnson was fully expected to bid for the vacant spot left when Prime Minister David Cameron resigned. Johnson has received much dubious credit for the campaign’s success, and now the U.K. sits in a shambolic state. So, one would expect the guy to stick around and pick up the pieces because there are no second chances. Instead, Johnson pulled a hall-of-fame worthy “psyche” and ducked out of the race at the last possible minute.
The back-to-back “clean up this mess I made” stories of Cameron stepping down and Johnson bailing after he got the vote he wanted didn’t sit well with folks on Twitter. They whipped out ruthless derision — and in some cases just plain ruthlessness — to let Johnson know how they really felt about his change of heart.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 33.458195
Retrieved Text: Prime Minister Charles Michelle resigned from his post after that the two big parties of Belgium “Green and Socialist parties” denied to support his current government. The green and socialist party of the country has confirmed this news, by releasing a newsletter, according to the newsletter they have highlighted that they would not vote for Prime Minister Charles Michelle.
Mr. Michel has said to the media: I have decided to step down and I will give my resignation to the king. The royal palace of Belgium has announced that the king has not made a decision on whether or not to accept the resignation of the prime minister. This was while the Flemish nationalists had abandoned the Belgian government for nearly 10 days ago.
Prime Minister Belgium stepped down from his position in a time, which the left-wing parties threatened to impose on his government’s impeachment plan.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 33.376415
Retrieved Text: FEDERAL Government ministers, staff and unions are pleading with Prime Minister Kevin Rudd to slow down or risk a serious political backlash.
The Commonwealth Public Sector Union, covering more than 60,000 Federal Government employees and hundreds of political staffers, is gearing up for a showdown over conditions.
The union's national secretary Stephen Jones said he would shortly call a meeting of parliamentary staff, ahead of a meeting with the Prime Minister. After a string of complaints from distressed and exhausted staffers, Mr Jones has met with senior ministers to relay health concerns over their extreme working conditions.
A minister told The Sun-Herald the Prime Minister's cracking pace and "unfair" expectations of everyone in government, including the bureaucracy, was "the elephant in the room". Ministers were embarrassingly aware of how the Government's work practices differed from the philosophy it preached. "He [Mr Rudd] doesn't want to hear it", the minister said.
Widespread concern in the public service has also prompted a string of meetings between the union and the bureaucracy. Reflecting the growing backlash within the Government at Mr Rudd's style, Mr Jones could not rule out industrial action. "I certainly hope it doesn't get to that," he said. "I wouldn't want to speculate on that".
Opposition health spokesman Joe Hockey was scathing about his former good friend's attitude to the workplace. "The Prime Minister doesn't practice what he preaches," he said. "For the last 12 months he's been lecturing Australians about balancing work and family and bringing fairness into the workplace".
Mr Rudd has jovially nicknamed his office "Stalag Kevin". He admitted

########
Rank: 21
Score: 33.31838
Retrieved Text: Ending an agonizing deliberation that held world financial markets and national politics in its thrall, President Boris N. Yeltsin finally chose a Finance Minister for Russia's new Government today.
But his choice provoked a second key minister to walk out, triggering a search for a replacement. And later, the head of the nation's securities commission resigned, also apparently in protest of the appointment.
Mr. Yeltsin apparently stirred their anger by naming Mikhail Zadornov, a 35-year-old free-market advocate, as Finance Minister. He held the same job under the last Prime Minister, Sergei Kiriyenko.
The appointment was welcomed by Western experts and investors who have been searching for some sign that Prime Minister Yevgeny Primakov's new government would remain open to Western-style financial practices and reforms.
Mr. Zadornov is the most prominent reformer left in a Cabinet more or less dominated by left-centrists and Communists. In response to the appointment, the leading centrist in the new cabinet, Deputy Prime Minister Aleksandr Shokhin, resigned after a mere nine days on the job. Mr. Shokhin, who is in charge of economic policy in the new Government, would, in effect, have been Mr. Zadornov's boss. The second resignation was that of Dmitri Yasilyev, head of the Russian securities regulation commission. Mr. Yasilyev, like Mr. Zadornov, is considered a reformer. The nature of his difficulties with Mr. Zadornov were not clear.
Mr. Shokhin said he was quitting because the selection of Mr. Zadornov was ''a political mistake'' that would make it impossible for him to form a united front on fiscal policy and debt negotiations with foreign

########
Rank: 22
Score: 33.27794
Retrieved Text: Jenoe Fock, the Communist prime minister of Hungary whose economic reform in the late 1960's was blocked by the strict centralized Soviet system, has died, the state news agency MTI reported on Wednesday. He was 85.
Mr. Fock was born in Budapest. He worked as a technician and became a Communist Party member at an early age. He was arrested for his political activities in 1940 and sentenced to three years in prison.
After the war, he worked his way up to become deputy prime minister, serving in that position from 1961 to 1967, and then prime minister, from 1967 to 1975. In January 1968, his cabinet introduced what it called the New Economic Mechanism, adding market economy elements to the centrally planned economy. The initiative was largely blocked by the Soviet-bloc trading alliance, and as a result, Mr. Fock resigned in 1975.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 33.24499
Retrieved Text: Rees-Mogg's letter is likely to spur others to do the same, especially from the European Research Group of Brexit-supporting backbenchers that he leads.
Rees-Mogg identified former Johnson and former Brexit Secretary David Davis as potential leaders, among others. He said a leadership contest could take place in weeks.
Authorities in Gibraltar are welcoming the draft Brexit deal between Britain and the European Union, saying it makes no concessions to Spain's claims on the tiny outcrop at the tip of the Iberian Peninsula.
Meanwhile, ore ministers have quit the British government, piling pressure on embattled Prime Minister Theresa May. Junior Brexit Minister Suella Braverman and Anne-Marie Trevelyan, a junior education minister, have quit. They follow Brexit Secretary Dominic Raab and Work and Pensions Secretary Esther McVey.
May says the deal honors the referendum result while also maintaining close ties with the EU, Britain's main trading partner. But her ability to get it through Parliament — and to remain as prime minister — are now in doubt.
The resignations leave May's Brexit deal, and her leadership of the Conservative Party, in peril.
The pound has fallen sharply after Britain's Brexit minister resigned from the government, saying he did not agree with the deal the country had struck with the European Union over the terms of its departure next March.
The resignation is a big blow to Prime Minister Theresa May, who is due to address lawmakers later this morning on the draft Brexit deal. She is already facing an uphill struggle to convince enough lawmakers in Parliament to accept the agreement with the European Union.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 33.204014
Retrieved Text: Transport minister Jo Johnson has resigned from Theresa May’s government, claiming she has left Britain facing a choice between “vassalage and chaos”.
The MP for Orpington is brother to Boris Johnson, the Brexit-supporting former Foreign and Commonwealth Secretary — but, like sister Rachel, was himself a Remain supporter during Britain’s referendum on EU membership in 2016.
In a statement published on the Medium website, the younger Johnson claimed the Brexit deal the Prime Minister is pushing for would leave the United Kingdom “economically weakened, with no say in the EU rules it must follow and years of uncertainty for business”.
The former Remainer has been unable to embrace the possibilities offered by a clean ‘No Deal’ Brexit in which Britain would deal with the EU as a third country on standard World Trade Organisation terms, however, claiming this would mean “chaos”.
“I believe it is entirely right to go back to the people and ask them to confirm their decision to leave the EU and, if they choose to do that, to give them the final say on whether we leave with the Prime Minister’s deal or without it,” he declared, making his intention to campaign for an effective re-run of the 2016 referendum from the parliamentary backbenches plain.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 33.09712
Retrieved Text: This could be our next Prime Minister.
Next PM? Boris Johnson on a zip wire.
David Cameron has resigned as Prime Minister after the UK’s shock vote to exit the European Union.
Cameron, whose gamble to call the referendum backfired spectacularly, will be out of 10 Downing Street by October.
Now it feels like Boris Johnson’s moment. According to bookmakers Paddy Power, the former Mayor of London is 11/8 favourite to become the next Prime Minister ahead of Theresa May (2/1), Michael Gove (6/1) and George Osborne (12/1).
Armed with two Union Jack flags and a determination to impress, Johnson zip-lined across Victoria Park during the London 2012 Olympics, only to see it go disastrously wrong half-way through. He ended up suspended there for 5 minutes, yelling at bystanders to get him a ladder.
Johnson got a little over-enthusiastic on a trip to Japan when he took part in a game of touch rugby and cleaned out a 10-year-old opponent. The moment probably set back Japanese-British diplomatic relations by decades. Probably. “This man can’t be prime minister,” wrote one YouTuber in despair.
Continuing with the sporting mishap theme, Johnson unleashed a crunching reducer on Maurizio Gaudino in a charity football match between England and Germany. Charity, Boris! Even Roy Keane would’ve taken his foot off the gas.
In a bid to clean up Lewisham’s River Pool of litter, Johnson tumbled into the water and ended up looking like a prize plonker. His drenching was apparently the “ultimate sacrifice” in the name of his campaign to get Londoners to volunteer.
No amount of apologising from Johnson

########
Rank: 26
Score: 33.052837
Retrieved Text: Opposition leader Sam Rainsy resigned on Saturday as president of the CNRP in the face of threats by Prime Minister Hun Sen to pass a law barring convicts from political leadership and dissolving parties led by individuals convicted of crimes by Cambodia’s courts.
Mr. Hun Sen promised late last month to draft and pass legal amendments that would make the CNRP vulnerable to dissolution with Mr. Rainsy as its president, given his legal convictions and numerous cases still in the pipeline.
In a letter posted to his Facebook page on Saturday, Mr. Rainsy said that he was resigning as the official opposition leader but still embodied the resistance to Prime Minister Hun Sen.
“Objective: Notice of my resignation from the position as president and member of CNRP for personal reasons,” a signed letter reads.
“As stated in the above objective, I would like to inform the permanent committee and steering committee directors about my decision, and consider the decision coming into force from the date of my signature,” says the statement, signed on Saturday.
Whether Mr. Hun Sen would actually follow through on his threats to dissolve parties led by individuals convicted by Cambodia’s courts—widely viewed as politicized and corrupt—has been a matter of debate.
Mr. Rainsy’s resignation appears to be an effort to make sure his own legal issues will not be used as a pretext to erase his party. The united opposition party was formed with his deputy, Kem Sokha, who has served as its acting president, with Mr. Rainsy banned from returning to Cambodia and living in Paris.
CNRP spokesman

########
Rank: 27
Score: 32.98034
Retrieved Text: After a long career that has taken him both to the height of Japan's political powerhouse, and has seen him embroiled in scandal, Kiichi Miyazawa is to become Japan's new finance minister.
It is a position that the Prime Minister-elect, Mr Obuchi, described as the most important job in Japan.
At 78, Mr Miyazawa has already served as both finance minister and prime minister. But both positions ended in his resignation over bribery scandals.
Mr Miyazawa won his first election victory in 1953, representing the atomic-bombed city of Hiroshima and its environs, and has since served in 13 cabinets.
He was head of Japan's economic planning agency before becoming finance minister in 1986.
But after two years in the post, Mr Miyazawa resigned when close aides were linked to a scandal involving the issuing of share preferences in return for political favours.
Despite this setback, in 1991 he became prime minister. However, his comeback proved to be short-lived.
His cabinet was dissolved in 1993 following a successful no-confidence motion due to another bribery scandal involving party members and the transport firm Sagawa Express Ltd.
The BBC correspondent in Tokyo says that despite his experience, the veteran politician does not always get it right.
Critics blame Mr Miyazawa low-interest rate policy for helping produce the "bubble economy" of the late 1980s, which collapsed in the early 1990s with devastating effect.
In 1992 he said the economy had touched bottom and was about to take off. Six years later Japan is suffering its worst recession since the war.
However, Mr Miyazawa enjoys a close relationship with many top finance

########
Rank: 28
Score: 32.962177
Retrieved Text: Turkey's Deputy Prime Minister, Husametin Ozkan, and two other ministers have resigned from the country's beleaguered coalition government.
The three men are also reported to have left Prime Minister Bulent Ecevit's Democratic Left party, depriving it of its position as the largest coalition partner in the government.
The BBC's correspondent in Istanbul, Jonny Dymond, says there is now enormous pressure on Mr Ecevit himself to resign, and early elections seem unavoidable.
The prime minister's poor health has kept him away from office since early May and he has already rejected numerous calls to step down.
The turmoil has been accompanied by fresh trouble for the Turkish economy, with the value of its currency plunging by nearly 5% on Monday.
The United States is said to be monitoring the situation "with interest".
As the only Muslim-majority member of Nato, Turkey's political and economic stability are important to a variety of US interests abroad - including the Middle East, Afghanistan and Iraq.
Our correspondent says the catalyst for the ministers' resignations seems to have been a call on Sunday for early elections from the leader of the Nationalist Action Party (MHP), now the largest coalition partner.
The tension was heightened at the weekend when Mr Ecevit publicly attacked his deputy for failing to back him in the wake of mounting criticism.
Correspondents say Mr Ozkan - who always preferred to keep a low profile - had been the prime minister's key ally and possible successor.
He reportedly acted as a mediator, resolving disputes over economic reforms with other parties.
As well as the deputy prime minister, Culture Minister Istemihan

########
Rank: 29
Score: 32.9424
Retrieved Text: The sharks are beginning to circle around Number 10 Downing Street.
Following last Tuesday’s disastrous defeat of her “soft” Brexit deal in the House of Commons, Prime Minister Theresa May has been busy, furiously working the phones to come up with a “Plan B” deal for the United Kingdom to leave the European Union. On Friday, May spent the day speaking with EU leaders such as German Chancellor Angela Merkel, Dutch Prime Minister Mark Rutte, and European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker. She also met with cabinet ministers to discuss options.
May is scheduled to unveil her “Plan B” to Parliament on today. But, thus far, the EU appears to be entrenched in their position that the original plan, which failed in Parliament last week, is the best the UK will get. Unfortunately, that plan contains the Irish Backstop, which many hardline Brexiteers believe ties Great Britain far too closely with the EU.
One person conspicuously absent from any negotiations was opposition leader Jeremy Corbyn who initiated last Wednesday’s no-confidence vote in May, which was narrowly defeated. Corbyn has refused to meet with May unless she completely rules out the possibility of a no-deal Brexit, which many predict would cause economic chaos in Great Britain and beyond.
But May has argued that it was “not within the government’s power to rule out a no-deal,” since Great Britain is scheduled to leave the EU on March 29 with or without a deal in place.
Both Great Britain and EU countries have started preparations in the event of a “no-deal” situation.
While the Prime Minister

================



======= Instance Index 658 =========
Input Text: Read the following conversation and answer the question.

M: Excuse me, Miss, what time is Flight 298 for Beijing due to depart?

W: It leaves at 9:30, but you must check in one hour ahead of departure.

Question: At what time must the passenger arrive at the airport for Flight 298? 

- 9:30.

- 10:30.

- 8:30.

Target Text: 8:30.

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 39.091583
Retrieved Text: PETALING JAYA: A Malaysia Airlines flight from Melbourne to Kuala Lumpur has been diverted back to Melbourne because of a "disruptive passenger" Wednesday night.
MAS flight MH128 took off from Melbourne's Tullamarine Airport at 11.11pm (local time) and was to arrive Kuala Lumpur at 5.28am (Malaysian time).
The flight turned back about 20 minutes later and landed safely at 11.41pm.
A MAS statement said the flight turned back to Melbourne "after the operating Captain was alerted by a cabin crew of a passenger attempting to enter the cockpit".
Safety and security are of Malaysia Airlines' utmost priority, the statement reiterated.
"MH128 safely landed in Melbourne Airport at 11.41pm. The aircraft is currently on the remote bay and waiting for security assistance to arrive at the aircraft," it concluded.
Live air traffic tracker service, @Flightradar24, also tweeted about the incident: "Because of the security incident on flight #MH128 flights bound for Melbourne Airport are now diverting to other airports."
Malaysia Airlines flight MH128 of 31 May from Melbourne to Kuala Lumpur was forced to turn back to Melbourne due to a disruptive passenger.
MH128 departed Melbourne Airport at 11.11pm and was to arrive Kuala Lumpur at 5.28am on 1 June made a turn back to Melbourne after the operating Captain was alerted by a cabin crew of a passenger attempting to enter the cockpit.
Safety and security are of Malaysia Airlines' utmost priority.
MH128 safely landed in Melbourne Airport at 11.41pm. The aircraft is currently on the remote bay and waiting for security assistance to arrive at the aircraft.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 37.12514
Retrieved Text: 1 The check-in deadline for Aeroflot flights from China (Beijing, Shanghai), Delhi, Dubai, Hanoi (only for flights departing on Mondays), Tel Aviv, Tenerife, USA (New York, Los Angeles, Washington DC, Miami) is 1 hour before the scheduled departure.
2 2) The Turkish authorities require that passengers flying from Antalya airport who choose self-service check-in must go to the check-in desk to receive a boarding pass before the check-in deadline for their flight.
You are not carrying weapons, guitars, any baggage in a passenger seat, or animals including guide dogs, assistance dogs, emotional support dogs and service dogs.
— flights of PJSC “Aeroflot” operated by Aurora Airlines subsidiary departing from Seoul (SEL) and all airports of China (except HKG).
A printed boarding pass is required in the Russian Federation to go through the departure gate. If you are unable to print out the boarding pass at home, you can print it out at a self check-in kiosk at the airport no later than 45 minutes before the scheduled departure.
Please read the Baggage Carriage Rules. If the weight or dimensions of your baggage exceed the free allowance, you will have to pay for the excess baggage.
You can check your departure terminal in the Online Timetable section.
If you preselect seats when purchasing tickets, Aeroflot will do its best to make these reserved seats available to you at check-in, but we cannot guarantee it.
If you hold a Business class ticket or are a Platinum/Gold tier member of the Aeroflot Bonus loyalty programme, you can use the VIP lounges at airports within Russia and abroad.
Should

########
Rank: 2
Score: 36.738247
Retrieved Text: This section covers check-in times for flights to Air Transat’s destinations.
Online check-in is offered between 24 and 2 hours prior to departure from most airport. Consult the online check-inWill open in a separate browser window page for more details.
† Baggage drop-off during airport counter opening times only.
Passenger must have their boarding passes (printed or electronic version), baggage tags and baggage dropped off before check-in counter closure. Passengers arriving for check-in after that time may be denied boarding.
International flight: 30 minutes before departure.
Domestic flight: 15 minutes before departure.
It is imperative that you arrive for check-in at least 3 hours prior to your flight.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 36.4217
Retrieved Text: Blountville, TN – Have you dealt with the stress of almost missing a flight, or actually missing a flight? It happens to passengers on a daily basis throughout the aviation system. Tri-Cities Airport would like to remind our passengers it is crucial to arrive at the airport on time (2 hours early) to ensure they don’t miss their important business meeting or delay the start to that long-awaited family vacation.
TRI provides an ease of access that sometimes lulls passengers into arriving only 30 minutes prior to their flight departure time. Airlines and the Airport request passengers be at the airport a minimum of two hours prior to flight departure time for domestic flights and three hours for international flights.
Why so long before the flight? It provides passengers time to park the car, walk to the terminal, check bags, get through security, and arrive at their gate in time for boarding – stress-free. The airlines also need passengers to arrive on time and proceed through security so they may follow their procedures to help ensure an on-time departure.
Experienced travelers often feel they do not need as much time as those who do not travel frequently. However, the experienced passenger still needs to arrive early as the less-traveled passenger flows through the process along with the experienced. Procedures can be confusing and take longer for less experienced passengers.
TRI is working hard to improve the passenger experience in the gate area. Tailwind has recently opened a new retail area which has also provided more space in the restaurant area

########
Rank: 4
Score: 34.70531
Retrieved Text: Natural disasters, overbooking, strikes, technical problems, and delayed pilots, are just some of the challenges airlines face when trying to ensure flights depart and arrive on time.
Demonstrating the sheer scale of the challenge, flight delays in Europe more than doubled last year, with airlines and air traffic controllers failing to hit EU performance targets. On top of this rising number is the fact that while small delays are a regular occurrence, big delays that disrupt thousands of passengers are newsworthy. A recent example is the chaos at Gatwick airport over Christmas. Covered heavily by UK media, over 150,000 passengers had their flights cancelled or delayed due to a drone incident. Over this period, passengers received little or no information, leaving them to wonder if their flight would depart, whether they should travel to Gatwick, and if their flights could get re-allocated to another airport.
With digital and mobile messaging channels becoming an established way for brands to interact with customers, there is an opportunity for forward-thinking airlines to use digital messaging channels like Apple Business Chat or Facebook Messenger, chatbots and new communication automation software, to create and deploy passenger communication solutions that help prevent and manage disruption.
There is so much potential for airlines to utilise real-time communications to minimise passenger-caused delays and improve customer access to information.
Before and on the day of travel, engagement could be as simple as delivering weather, traffic and public transport updates to help passengers plan for any delays that could stop them getting to the airport on time. If a flight

########
Rank: 5
Score: 34.615192
Retrieved Text: Our airline does everything it can to answer your questions and meet your requirements.
Please see our FAQs, below. You will be sure to find the answer to your question. If you cannot find the answer to your question in the FAQs, you can send your question to our customer service team, using the information request form.
I am travelling with my family. Is our baggage treated individually per person or for the family as a whole?
You can check in one or more items of luggage for your family. The total weight of all your luggage will be counted on the basis of the baggage allowance per adult and per child or baby.
If the weight of your baggage exceeds the authorised limit, you will need to purchase additional allowance on a per-kilo basis according to the applicable rates.
LThe weight of each item of luggage must not exceed 40kg.
Is there any leniency if the weight of my luggage only marginally exceeds the baggage allowance?
No leniency is granted for exceeding the baggage allowance.
If the weight of your baggage clearly exceeds the authorised limit, you will need to purchase additional allowance on a per-kilo basis according to the applicable rates.
Can I check in several items of luggage without paying an excess?
Each passenger can check in several items of luggage provided the total weight of your personal luggage does not exceed the baggage allowance.
What items are not permitted in the hold?
Please consult the list of items not authorised by international security guidelines on the safety conditions page under the heading preparing to

########
Rank: 6
Score: 34.59793
Retrieved Text: What Does The Law Say About Compensation?
Home What Does The Law Say About Compensation?
The law of Flight Delay Compensation Regulation (EC) No 261/2004 is the regulation which talks about the compensation for flight delay. It also provides guidelines to passengers on matters related to long delayed flights, flight cancellations and denied boarding.
The flight departs from an airport situated within an EU member state and travels to a destination within an EU member state. Alternatively, the concerned airline must have its headquarters in any Eurozone member countries.
A passenger can claim for a flight delay only when he/she can prove that he/she had a confirmed reservation on the particular flight. The compensation for a flight delay can be availed only if a passenger can prove his/her timely arrival (as mentioned on the ticket) at the airport. If the time is not mentioned, it will be assumed that the passenger was expected to be at the airport 45 minutes before the flight’s scheduled departure. The compensation for flight delay law is also applicable when a passenger is given a reservation to any other flight.
A passenger can expect three categories of compensation after filing a claim for a flight delay , which could be also be offered in case of denied boarding and cancellation.
It is the payment of cash ranging between €250 and €600 as the compensation amount. In the case where rerouting is offered to the passenger, and he/she arrives at the destination within a specific time period (anywhere between two and four hours of the scheduled arrival) the

########
Rank: 7
Score: 34.498978
Retrieved Text: Emirates launched its 10th destination in the United States with the start of daily nonstop passenger service between Dubai and Orlando International Airport on 1st September.
Emirates’ daily flight EK219, will depart Dubai at 3:50 a.m. local time and arrive in Orlando at 11:40 a.m., a flying time of 15 hours and 50 minutes. EK220 will depart Orlando International Airport Terminal B at 2:20 p.m. and arrive into Dubai International Terminal 3 at 12:30p.m. the following day, with a flying time of 14 hours and 10 minutes.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 34.45903
Retrieved Text: If you need an alternative to the car safety seat when travelling with infants or children between 6 and 36 months (under 3 years) old, please let us know when you make your reservation with us.
Unfortunately, we only have a limited number of child restraint seats available, so be sure to make an early reservation – preferably at least 24 hours before your scheduled flight departure time.
Please note that a separate passenger seat must be purchased for your infant or child occupying the child restraint seat. To use one, your child should be under 100cm tall, under 20kg and needs to be accompanied by an adult passenger 18 years or older.
Child restraint seats are offered on a first come, first served basis and there are a limited number available. We ask you to make your reservation either via your local reservations office or travel agent at least 24 hours before the flight departs. You must also check in at the airport 90 minutes before your flight departs, and arrive at the boarding gate no later than 50 minutes before the flight departs.
There are certain safety restrictions regarding car safety seats where they can’t be used where airbags are fitted. So if you want the safety and security of a car safety seat for your infant or child but plan on travelling in a plane model which cannot accommodate one, you may ask us for a child restraint seat instead.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 34.40551
Retrieved Text: FILE - In this file photo made Jan. 21, 2010, a passenger walks past a Delta Airlines 747 aircraft in McNamara Terminal at Detroit Metropolitan Wayne County Airport in Romulus, Mich. Delta Air Lines on Tuesday, July 22, 2014 canceled all flights to Israel until further notice, citing reports that a rocket landed near Tel Aviv's Ben Gurion Airport.
Delta Air Lines is canceling all flights to Israel until further notice, citing reports that a rocket landed near Tel Aviv's Ben Gurion Airport.
A Delta Boeing 747 from New York was flying over the Mediterranean headed for Tel Aviv on Tuesday when it turned around and flew to Paris instead. Flight 468 had 273 passengers and 17 crew on board.
US Airways, which has one daily flight from Philadelphia, canceled that flight Tuesday and the return trip from Tel Aviv. United Airlines, which has two flights daily to Israel out of Newark, N.J., did comment immediately on the status of those flights.
Airlines and passengers are growing more anxious about safety since last week, when a Malaysia Airlines jet was shot down over Ukraine, killing all 298 people on board.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 34.190483
Retrieved Text: TULSA, OK – November 15, 2018 – Thanksgiving travelers are expected to begin their holiday journey early next week and officials at Tulsa International Airport are gearing up for the traditional Thanksgiving rush. Compared to last year, passenger numbers are up 9.3% for the week of Thanksgiving travel. Airlines operating from TUL expect flights to be full throughout the week, with peak travel days on Sunday and Monday after Thanksgiving.
Passengers departing before 8 AM should arrive two hours prior to their scheduled departure time – keeping in mind the checkpoint does not open until 3:45 AM. All other passengers are advised to arrive at least 90 minutes before their scheduled departure time for domestic travel and two hours early for international travel. Travelers should also confirm their airline’s check in procedure prior to coming to the airport.
Garage/Covered Parking: The closest airport parking option at $12/day.
Economy Parking: Located behind the Clarion Inn, shuttles provide carside to curbside service at $8/day.
Hourly Parking: Hourly parking is conveniently located on the 3rd level of the parking garage just steps away from baggage claim. The first 30 minutes is $1, and has a $12/day max. Please note that the third level of the parking garage will be partially closed for construction with limited accessibility while the installation of new parking canopies is taking place.
Valet Parking: Valet service located outside the ticket-counter doors for $18/day. Provide the attendant with your return flight information and they’ll have your car waiting upon your return.
Cell Phone Lot: Located just east of the Hilton Garden Inn

########
Rank: 11
Score: 33.890938
Retrieved Text: Check in 24 hours before the flight. Depending on the airport, review the minimum time to check in, register baggage and arrive at the boarding lounge.
You must print your boarding pass in a high-quality format, making sure that the barcode is legible. This way, you’ll avoid issues at the airport.
For Colombia, all our routes operate at the El Dorado International Airport (T1).
When you are traveling with infants, remember that when checking in, your ticket must be associated with your booking. Remember that all infants must have their own ticket without exception.
When checking in children between 2 and 11 years of age, you must have the details of an adult passenger associated with the booking.
If you are traveling with infants, the web check-in and mobile check-in service is only enabled if you have an associated booking number. Contact our call center for more information.
Passengers traveling with baggage to be checked in must go to the baggage drop-off module at the airport.
It is forbidden to carry dangerous goods in your carry-on baggage.
Even if you’re not present, authorities can open and inspect your suitcases. This can happen even if your baggage is laminated. If the plastic is cut or removed, remember that we, as an airline, are not responsible for this inspection.
If you are traveling with a connection, remember that your baggage will be checked in up to the final destination of your trip only if all flights are part of a single transportation agreement. In other words, if they’re registered in a single ticket. Otherwise, when making the

########
Rank: 12
Score: 33.881844
Retrieved Text: ISLAMABAD - Pakistan International Airlines (PIA) on Wednesday diverted its London-bound flight for an emergency landing at Warsaw Airport on 'humanitarian grounds' to provide medical assistance to a passenger on board who suffered a heart attack.
The flight had originated from Islamabad. Later, the passenger was said to be in stable condition. Leaving the medically ill passenger at the Warsaw Airport where he was undergoing emergency treatment, the said flight left for London. It stayed in Warsaw for over an hour.
According to details, a PIA flight PK-785 left for Heathrow Airport London from Benazir Bhutto International Airport (BBIA) Islamabad at 11:00am (Pakistan's time) on Wednesday and was scheduled to land in London at 03:00pm.
Soon after the flight took off, a British-Pakistani national passenger identified as Raja Nazir, 57, started feeling pain in the chest. Gradually, his condition worsened. Two heart specialists boarding the same flight provided him initial treatment while observing that the passenger might have suffered a heart stroke. This prompted the PIA authorities to ask the Warsaw aviation officials for an emergency landing at the Warsaw Chopin Airport. The flight was allowed to land at the said airport where a team of doctors found out that Nazir actually had a heart stroke and needed immediate treatment.
Confirming the incident, the PIA Spokesperson Mashhood Tajwar said that the flight had an emergency landing out of humanitarian grounds. "It was a life-threatening situation for the passenger whose heart malfunctioned during the flight. He could have faced any untoward situation had the emergency treatment not been provided. For the

########
Rank: 13
Score: 33.39177
Retrieved Text: As per the dates displayed on the final confirmation voucher and printout, confirmed booking is applicable.
Full payment is required to make a reservation and final booking confirmation. Clients who book through the internet or through travel agency are the only available users for these rates. Rates are inclusive of all service charges and Australian taxes and specifically in Australian dollars. All delays will incur a surcharge.
Specified and confirmed in your booking only is this transfer to and from airport/port and your destination. Changes are accepted no less than 24 hours prior to your scheduled pickup time.
Sydney Airport Shuttle must be notified for all requests for modifications. Implementing the request will be the Sydney Airport Shuttle bookings department on +61 2 9666 9988.
The correct name of the passenger should be given to Sydney Airport Shuttle at the time of the booking to confirm validity and avoid confusion.
Termination of a confirmed and paid booking greater than 24 hours prior to your pickup booking scheduled time, will result in 20% cancellation fee. A cancellation fee equal to 100% of the total booking price will be result as a consequence of the termination of a confirmed and paid booking fewer than 24 hours previous to your pickup booking scheduled time.
Without notice, prices and quotations are subject to change until a booking has been made and confirmed.
Please note, due to space limitations, each passenger is allowed one suitcase and one piece of hand luggage, if more room required please contact us via email info@airbussydney.com.au or phone +61 2 9666 9988 before

########
Rank: 14
Score: 33.31959
Retrieved Text: Major airlines operate their flights through "hub and spoke" networks, whereby many aircraft arrive to a central "hub" airport in rapid succession and depart to other "spoke" cities with very little time at the airport gate. This allows an airline to offer service to more cities with fewer airplanes. More than 50 aircraft may arrive and depart a single airport within one hour.
Closely spaced arrivals and departures in "hub and spoke" networks are very sensitive to timing miscues, such as those caused by bad weather or airport congestion. Arrival timing miscues lead to missed passenger connections, inefficient ground operations caused by incorrect gate assignments, and occasional aircraft diversions to alternate airports. These cause passenger inconvenience, flight delays, and lost airline revenue.
Provide NASA CTAS generated aircraft time of arrival and airport landing information to airlines to prevent timing miscues and increase airline efficiencies.
Allow airlines to influence the arrival order of their aircraft to re-cover from inevitable arrival timing miscues.
Improve CTAS algorithms, and eventually accomodate a greater range of user preferences in sequencing and scheduling of arrival traffic in the Center and TRACON.
Evaluate and develop uses and benefits of CTAS to airline operations.
Evaluate and develop improvements to CTAS given airline data inputs.
Develop CTAS-based user-preference tools for collaborative arrival planning.
Increased airport gate efficiencies create more orderly and less rushed airport connections.
Increased revenues from improved airport gate, personnel, and ground equipment efficiencies.
Recovery of costs incurred when aircraft must be diverted to alternate airports caused by uncertain arrival times or unexpected air traffic control holds.
Reduction of the severity of over-capacity "rush"

########
Rank: 15
Score: 33.3164
Retrieved Text: For the most up-to-date information on the best safety and security practices while traveling, covering everything from the 3-1-1 Liquids Rule to Traveling with Children, please visit the Transportation Security Administration’s web site at https://www.tsa.gov/travel and the Department of Homeland Security’s web site at http://www.dhs.gov.
Passenger Pack Safe Chart (Is it a hazardous material? Can it be carried in airline baggage?
Visit the Transportation Security Administration (TSA) website for the latest carry-on and checked baggage security rules.
If you are traveling by plane to Mexico or Canada, please keep in mind that the Western Hemisphere Travel Initiative requires all travelers to and from the Americas, the Caribbean, and Bermuda to have a passport or other accepted form of documentation to enter or depart the United States.
For complete up to date information, please visit the Department of Homeland Security’s web site at www.dhs.gov, U.S. Customs and Border Protection‘s web site at www.cbp.gov, or the U.S. Department of State‘s travel web site at www.travel.state.gov.
1. How early should I get to the Airport?
It is suggested that you show up at least 90 minutes before your flight, especially if you have an early morning flight. Keep in mind, though, that you’ll need to park, check in at the airline counter, and then proceed through TSA security.
2. Do I really need to get to the Airport early?
The airline may have the right to cancel your reservation, deny boarding and/or refuse the acceptance of checked baggage of any Passenger who fails to present himself/herself within the applicable check-in time limit for Passengers and/or Baggage.
Remember, it

########
Rank: 16
Score: 33.021477
Retrieved Text: The Civil Aviation Administration of Air China said on its website, a male passenger on Flight 1350, who it did not identify, attempted to use the pen to hold the flight attendant "under duress".
On Sunday, the Air China flight made an unscheduled landing in the central Chinese city of Zhengzhou when a passenger threatened a flight attendant with a fountain pen, the country's civil aviation authority said.
The passengers and crew are unarmed, the statement said and didn't provide any more details details about the same.
According to flight tracking websites, the flight took off from Changsha, the capital of southern Hunan province, at 8:40 a.m. and was scheduled to arrive at Beijing Capital International Airport at around 11 a.m.
The light made the unscheduled landing at Zhengzhou Xinzheng International Airport, in central Henan province, at 9:58 a.m., according to an earlier post on Air China's official Weibo microblog.
The police and civil aviation authorities were handling the situation, the Air China made the nscheduled stop due to "public safety reasons".

########
Rank: 17
Score: 33.020344
Retrieved Text: London Luton Airport (LLA), one of the UK’s largest airports, is undergoing a major digital signage overhaul, which will eventually see up to 400 indoor displays replaced over the next few months.
The move comes as part of the 80-year old airport’s £160 million transformation program, which also includes a terminal extension and new retail area, increasing the need and opportunities to display information to customers.
The airport, which is forecast to see passenger numbers passing through its terminal rise from 15.8 million last year to a capacity of 18 million by 2020, uses displays to provide a mix of flight/passenger information, commercial (advertising) and also (away from passengers) its back office Operations Centre.
According to the airport’s long serving AV partner SPC Group (who has also handled Cardiff airport’s displays for 12 years), the displays have been strategically placed to provide passengers with crucial details required during their journey, which begins the second they enter the airport. Details such as (amongst others) directions to toilets, check-in, gates, flight status, distance and travel time to the gate – all accessible from wherever they happen to be, 24/7.
“From the moment they [passengers] arrive, they need that nice passenger experience to keep them comfortable. Many people arrive a bit nervous and anxious. They’re not always certain what time their flight will go, worried about your bags being on the same flight as yours, do the have their passport, where are the toilets and of course, many people don’t like to fly – all those things play a part.
“If we can make

########
Rank: 18
Score: 32.967373
Retrieved Text: Lion Air spreads its ample wings at Jakarta airport moving a third of its departures to a new sub-terminal.
Lion Air today began operating a part of its Jakarta fleet from Terminal 1B at Soekarno-Hatta (Jakarta) airport.
Of Lion Air’s 143 flights a day out of Jakarta 63 will now depart from Terminal 1B, those going to cities on mainland Sumatra, as well as Batam and Pangkal Pinang, and to Palangkaraya in Central Kalimantan, while the remainder of Lion’s flights will continue to leave from Terminal 1A.
At Terminal 1B Lion Air has its own dedicated check-in counters and boarding gates with the company’s director Edward Sirait saying the partial move to Terminal 1B was because 1A had become too crowded.
Find out more about Jakarta airport terminals.
I arrive to the airport terminal 2 with international flight, 10 november at 19h30. Is it possible to buy a ticket Jakarta-Medan (11 november at 5h00), in the airport at your counter when i am arrived ? Is it open at this time ?
Yes, Lion Air’s customer service/ticket window will still be open then. Lion Air has a few flights departing late/overnight to Jayapura (22:45), Ambon (01:30), Manado (01:30), Bali (04:30) etc.
The majority of flights depart from Terminal 1A, so if you can’t find anyone at 1B, try 1A; it is a 5-minute walk. Coming from international Terminal 2, you will need to take the free inter-terminal bus.
Looking at Lion Air’s website, it appears unlikely that the flight will sell out, but – just in case – a plan B would be Mandala

########
Rank: 19
Score: 32.949722
Retrieved Text: TAV “primeclass” is a personal passenger assistance service scheme set up to make all traveling processes easier, such as offering personal meet & assist, transfer and hotel-ticket reservations through a boutique service mentality.
Where is the TAV “primeclass” available?
TAV “primeclass” is available Ankara Esenboga and Izmir Adnan Menderes airports as well as Batumi and Tbilisi in Georgia, Enfidha in Tunisia, Skopje and Ohrid in Macedonia.
Where are the meeting international points situated?
The meeting points for International Departure Service are as follows: Ankara- Entrance “D” and Izmir Entrance “A”. Passengers are required to arrive at the meeting points 2 hours prior to the flight. The meeting points for Arrival Service at Ankara Esenboga airports are situated by the exit of the passenger boarding bridge or by the “primeclass Meeting Point” sign within the terminal if the aircraft parks at the apron.
Where are the meeting Domestic points situated?
The meeting points for Domestic Departure Service are as follows: Istanbul- Entrance “Main Terminal Entrance”, Ankara- Entrance “D” and Izmir Entrance “A”. Passengers are required to arrive at the meeting points 2 hours prior to the flight.
The payment is required during booking over the phone or via bank transfer prior to the service.
We would like to make a group booking for the TAV “primeclass”. Is there a discount for group bookings?
Yes. We offer family discounts for families of 3 or more. Group discount is also available for groups of 5 or more. Please email via primeclasssales@tav.aero for details.
Do you charge for children under 18 who travel on their own?
Children traveling “alone” are charged

########
Rank: 20
Score: 32.81287
Retrieved Text: The innovation of the airplane can be considered as a turning point in the human history. It depicts the mastermind of human thoughts and how it was used to make revolutionary standpoints of the explorations. Although there are numerous ways of transportation, people prefer and they are much fond of using the airplane as their mode of transport because it offers a wide range of benefits for them. The main reason to use airplanes is the convenience and the higher standards of the facilities being offered in airplanes. They have adhered to punctuality unlike the other transport methods and that offers passengers an immeasurable service to get their work done properly. However, there is a huge code of laws and regulations to protect the passengers’ rights in airplanes. But it seems that passengers are not much aware of these. They might have the necessary knowledge to book seating and take the airplane but they do not know the laws and regulations that have been composed in order to safeguard the rights of them.
No matter what the rules are, no matter which transportation method is, in each and every one of it, there can be errors and flaws. But when it comes to transportation in the air, the errors and fallacies could be extremely hazardous for the passengers because they have to go through a firm procedure in order to get their journey done. The common error in air transportation is the flight delays. However, for the benefit of the passengers, compensating systems have been introduced for

########
Rank: 21
Score: 32.70181
Retrieved Text: How to getto the airport?
Some airlines at Lille Airport provide a special service for accompanying children travelling by themselves (U.M. service for Unaccompanied Minors).
You can check on your airline's file if it provides a U.M. service departing from Lille Airport: Click here.
All the airlines at Lille Airport allow infants on board their planes, but each airline applies its own rules.
We suggest that you check the airline file for transport conditions departing from Lille Airport: Click here.
Please note: it is no longer possible to register a minor on the passport of one of its parents. Children must have their own passport.
spacious toilet facilities fitted with support bars are installed in the Arrivals/Departures zone.
In the terminal lobby, in the drop-off zone and in the Departures Hall, there are phone booths which you can use to contact our services for prompt assistance. This service is provided by fully qualified staff from Lille Airport, trained in taking care of people with reduced mobility and in safety practices.
collect your baggage and mobility equipment.
To organise the best reception and care for you at Lille Airport, it is important that you request assistance when booking your ticket, at least 48 hours before your departure. This request must be made with your travel agent or your airline when you book. The services at Lille Airport will then be notified of your arrival by the airline.
If you are unable to notify us of your needs 48 hours before your flight, the assistants at Lille Airport will do all they can to make your journey easier,

########
Rank: 22
Score: 32.67074
Retrieved Text: We offer excellent, stress-free airport transfers available for both Chicago’s O’Hare and Midway airports with an impeccable meet & greet service included. Our fleet of modern and comfortable cars come equipped with plenty of luggage space, air conditioning, and an experienced driver with pick-ups & drop-offs available for any hotel located in Chicago. Our vehicles and drivers are fully insured and complacent with city laws and regulations; with Chicago Travel & Tours, you’ll arrive at your destination safely, on time and relaxed.
8 passengers Available upon request.
Note: Transfers between 11:55 p.m. and 5:00 a.m. will include a surcharge of $45.
For international arrivals, your driver will meet you in front of the 5D exit of Terminal 5.
For domestic arrivals, your driver will be waiting for you at the luggage carousel assigned to your flight.
Your driver will meet you outside your hotel 3.5 hours before international flights and 2.5 hours before domestic flights.
Most hotels in Chicago do not have loading zones at the entrance making it impossible for drivers to leave the vehicle to meet guests in the lobby. For this reason, your driver will be waiting outside the hotel by the vehicle, displaying a sign with the company logo and passenger names.
7 days a week, 24 hours a day. Please note that for transfers between the hours of 11:55 p.m. and 5 a.m., there will be a $45 surcharge.
Transfers are available for both Chicago’s O’Hare and Midway airports.
For pick-ups and drop-offs, drivers will be waiting to greet you with a sign displaying the company logo and your name.
Transfers

########
Rank: 23
Score: 32.66942
Retrieved Text: Looking to book your 2018 holiday.....Don’t forget to also book your chauffeur car service, avoid the stress of finding your airport car park, Start your journey or holiday travelling 'First class' in luxury to your airport. Arrive in style refreshed & relaxed. No parking fees, no bus transfers no costly train journeys, delays, stress of finding the right terminal or even a trolley.
We provide a 24 Hour service including late flights or early morning collections.
Our professional reliable chauffeurs have extensive knowledge of all airport terminal drop-off zones to get you to the right place at the right time.
We have a choice of luxury Mercedes S class Limousine vehicles and luxury Mercedes multi seaters according to your passenger numbers and luggage requirements.
We monitor your flight and arrive suitably, so wether your flight arrives early or is delayed, your chauffeur will meet you on time. Your chauffeur will greet you in the arrivals hall with an iPad message board, uniformed and you will have their mobile number for contact.
All our Mercedes luxury cars are long wheel based with extra legroom, have Wifi, TV & DVD players, complimentary magazines, water & mints for your comfort.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 32.65417
Retrieved Text: Attention! Departure time in the ticket is specified LOCAL. Passengers need to arrive to the airport with time stock sufficient for completion of check in and preflight formalities. The passengers who were late by the time of the end of check in on flight are not allowed.
For check in to internal flights of airline and passing of formalities on a departure (customs, immigration control and so forth) it is recommended to arrive to the airport in 1 hour 30 minutes, to the international flights — in 3 hours until a departure of the flight specified in the ticket.
Check in of passengers both on internal, and on the international flights of airline comes to an end in 40 minutes until a flight departure.
The "Turkmenistan airlines" makes regular flights to Turkmenistan and international destinations - to Europe, Russia, CIS countries, South Asia, etc.
All details of the ticket at any time, change of data about passengers, exchange or refund of the ticket.
Registration of passengers for both domestic and international flights of the airline ends 40 minutes before the time of departure.
Each passenger who has a ticket is the right to carry a baggage weight that is covered by the rules, orders and instructions of the airlines.
Priority registration for the flight and boarding on the aircraft.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 32.64856
Retrieved Text: Chongqing opened the first non-stop flight to France on December 19, which is the passenger air route to France.
Chongqing will launch the non-stop flight to France on December 19. Meanwhile, it is the first passenger air route to France. In addition, the international routes Chongqing Jiangbei International Airport opened will reach 80 by the end of this year. Moreover, it will be up to 100 by 2020.
It is reported that Hainan Airlines will use Airbus A330—the wide-body airliner—on this route. There will be two flights every Wednesday and Saturday. The flight will depart from Chongqing at 01:30 (L.T) for Paris at 06:20 (L.T); return from Paris at 13:00 (L.T) and arrive in Chongqing at 06:30 (next day, L.T). The one-way flight time is about 12 hours.
As Chongqing’s first passenger air route to France, the Chongqing-Paris route offers more flexible travel options to tourists in both places. In addition, it will further improve Chongqing’s airline network in Europe, and promote relations between China’s international aviation hubs and European megalopolises. This route will also boost the economic and trade exchanges, industrial cooperation and tourism development between Southwest China and Europe, and meanwhile improve Chongqing’s image of opening-up.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 32.64529
Retrieved Text: Shirdi Tour Package From Delhi by Flight is our Sai Darshan Package from Delhi by Flight. This is 2 Nights 3 days package. In Shirdi Tour Package From Delhi by Flight you take a flight from Delhi and arrived Pune. From Pune Airport you will proceed for Shirdi. Hotel Check In and night stay in hotel. Next day you will go for Sai Darshan. After darshan go for local sightseeing. Next day we drop you at Pune Airport and take flight for Delhi. Arrived Delhi and tour end.
Departure from New Delhi Airport for Pune and arrived Pune. After that proceed for Shirdi by individual cab. Arrived Shirdi and Check in into Hotel.Take Dinner and overnight hotel stay.
Take Breakfast at hotel and after breakfast check out from hotel and proceed for Pune airport by individual cab. Cab drop you at Pune airport and board flight. Arrive Delhi and tour end.
Return Flight ticket for all passenger from New Delhi - Pune - New Delhi.
Pick and drop from Pune to Shirdi by Individual Cab.
Breakfast, and Dinner in Hotel.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 32.304806
Retrieved Text: Readers of the Condé Nast Traveler magazine have declared Long Beach Airport one of the best in the country, giving credit to LGB’s revamped passenger concourse and historic main terminal in making the airport a standout contender.
This is the second consecutive year that the airport has made the magazine’s top 10 list.
Condé Nast voters cited the glamour of the historic main terminal, along with the easygoing nature of the passenger concourse, which made LGB stand out among its peers.
We advise travelers to arrive at LGB at least 90 minutes before their flight. That way you can relax with us. LGB: Where the going is easy.
Long Beach Airport officials stated two Mother’s Rooms have recently opened at the facility, equipped to accommodate breastfeeding mothers.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 32.268288
Retrieved Text: In May this year, Riga International Airport handled over half a million passengers, which is an increase of 10.8% as compared to May 2016, reaching a new passenger traffic record in May.
During the first five months of the year, Riga Airport handled over 2.1 million passengers - 7.4% more than last year.
During the first five months of the year, more than 600 thousand passengers chose Riga Airport as an international air traffic hub to continue their journey to other destinations. In this period of time, transfer and transit passenger figures increased by 17.4%, reaching 28.3% of the total number of passengers. In May, 157 523 passengers chose Riga Airport as a transit point accounting for 29.8% of the total number of travellers. It is an increase of 17.7% in this group of passengers as compared to last May.
In the first five months, Riga Airport served 27 855 aircraft - almost 4% more than a year before. The cargo volumes grew by 2%, reaching 8.3 thousand tons.
Ilona Līce, Chairperson of the Board of Riga International Airport: "More than half a million passengers per month means that an average of 600 people cross Airport security control each hour, which is 15 to 20 thousand passengers a day. For this reason, the Airport is working on solutions to speed up its customer service; for example, in the nearest future, security control lines will be extended so that passengers could prepare for the security screening more conveniently. At the same time, we are working intensively on the design of the

########
Rank: 29
Score: 32.261154
Retrieved Text: The busiest travel season of the year is about to kick off at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport. Memorial Day weekend is the start of the summer travel season for many, however, the busiest days at Sea-Tac will begin the second week in June and continue all the way through August. Summer is the busiest time of the year (no, not the end-of-year holidays) when Sea-Tac will average about 100,000 passengers (inbound and outbound) per day. With that in mind, this is a good time to see what’s new; review travel tips; and check out the latest passenger traffic information, special offers, and links for additional information.
From June through August, each day will average about 100,000 travelers through the airport. This coincides each year to the end of the school year and summer vacation. An average day for the year will be over 89,000 passengers.
The two busiest days for Memorial Day weekend will be Thursday and Friday, May 25 & 26, with an estimated 95,000 passengers.
The busiest days during the summer are forecasted to be August 12 & 13 with over 105,000 passengers per day. This is when travelers typically get their final vacation in before the start of school in September.
The latest airport statistics in April show passenger traffic up 3.3% in that month, including a 6.6% increase for international passengers and 2.9% for domestic passengers.
Through April 2012, airport passenger traffic is up 2.8% including 5% for international and 2.6% for domestic.
A record number of passengers (32.8 million) went through Sea-Tac in 2011, and projections call for

================



======= Instance Index 3520 =========
Input Text: Read the following conversation and answer the question.

M: Miss, what time is Flight NH906 for New York due to depart?

W: It leaves at 3:45. but you must check in one hour ahead of departure.

Question: At what time must the passenger arrive at the airport for Flight NH906? 

- 2:45.

- 1:15.

- 3:45.

Target Text: 2:45.

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 39.091583
Retrieved Text: PETALING JAYA: A Malaysia Airlines flight from Melbourne to Kuala Lumpur has been diverted back to Melbourne because of a "disruptive passenger" Wednesday night.
MAS flight MH128 took off from Melbourne's Tullamarine Airport at 11.11pm (local time) and was to arrive Kuala Lumpur at 5.28am (Malaysian time).
The flight turned back about 20 minutes later and landed safely at 11.41pm.
A MAS statement said the flight turned back to Melbourne "after the operating Captain was alerted by a cabin crew of a passenger attempting to enter the cockpit".
Safety and security are of Malaysia Airlines' utmost priority, the statement reiterated.
"MH128 safely landed in Melbourne Airport at 11.41pm. The aircraft is currently on the remote bay and waiting for security assistance to arrive at the aircraft," it concluded.
Live air traffic tracker service, @Flightradar24, also tweeted about the incident: "Because of the security incident on flight #MH128 flights bound for Melbourne Airport are now diverting to other airports."
Malaysia Airlines flight MH128 of 31 May from Melbourne to Kuala Lumpur was forced to turn back to Melbourne due to a disruptive passenger.
MH128 departed Melbourne Airport at 11.11pm and was to arrive Kuala Lumpur at 5.28am on 1 June made a turn back to Melbourne after the operating Captain was alerted by a cabin crew of a passenger attempting to enter the cockpit.
Safety and security are of Malaysia Airlines' utmost priority.
MH128 safely landed in Melbourne Airport at 11.41pm. The aircraft is currently on the remote bay and waiting for security assistance to arrive at the aircraft.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 37.12514
Retrieved Text: 1 The check-in deadline for Aeroflot flights from China (Beijing, Shanghai), Delhi, Dubai, Hanoi (only for flights departing on Mondays), Tel Aviv, Tenerife, USA (New York, Los Angeles, Washington DC, Miami) is 1 hour before the scheduled departure.
2 2) The Turkish authorities require that passengers flying from Antalya airport who choose self-service check-in must go to the check-in desk to receive a boarding pass before the check-in deadline for their flight.
You are not carrying weapons, guitars, any baggage in a passenger seat, or animals including guide dogs, assistance dogs, emotional support dogs and service dogs.
— flights of PJSC “Aeroflot” operated by Aurora Airlines subsidiary departing from Seoul (SEL) and all airports of China (except HKG).
A printed boarding pass is required in the Russian Federation to go through the departure gate. If you are unable to print out the boarding pass at home, you can print it out at a self check-in kiosk at the airport no later than 45 minutes before the scheduled departure.
Please read the Baggage Carriage Rules. If the weight or dimensions of your baggage exceed the free allowance, you will have to pay for the excess baggage.
You can check your departure terminal in the Online Timetable section.
If you preselect seats when purchasing tickets, Aeroflot will do its best to make these reserved seats available to you at check-in, but we cannot guarantee it.
If you hold a Business class ticket or are a Platinum/Gold tier member of the Aeroflot Bonus loyalty programme, you can use the VIP lounges at airports within Russia and abroad.
Should

########
Rank: 2
Score: 36.738247
Retrieved Text: This section covers check-in times for flights to Air Transat’s destinations.
Online check-in is offered between 24 and 2 hours prior to departure from most airport. Consult the online check-inWill open in a separate browser window page for more details.
† Baggage drop-off during airport counter opening times only.
Passenger must have their boarding passes (printed or electronic version), baggage tags and baggage dropped off before check-in counter closure. Passengers arriving for check-in after that time may be denied boarding.
International flight: 30 minutes before departure.
Domestic flight: 15 minutes before departure.
It is imperative that you arrive for check-in at least 3 hours prior to your flight.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 36.4217
Retrieved Text: Blountville, TN – Have you dealt with the stress of almost missing a flight, or actually missing a flight? It happens to passengers on a daily basis throughout the aviation system. Tri-Cities Airport would like to remind our passengers it is crucial to arrive at the airport on time (2 hours early) to ensure they don’t miss their important business meeting or delay the start to that long-awaited family vacation.
TRI provides an ease of access that sometimes lulls passengers into arriving only 30 minutes prior to their flight departure time. Airlines and the Airport request passengers be at the airport a minimum of two hours prior to flight departure time for domestic flights and three hours for international flights.
Why so long before the flight? It provides passengers time to park the car, walk to the terminal, check bags, get through security, and arrive at their gate in time for boarding – stress-free. The airlines also need passengers to arrive on time and proceed through security so they may follow their procedures to help ensure an on-time departure.
Experienced travelers often feel they do not need as much time as those who do not travel frequently. However, the experienced passenger still needs to arrive early as the less-traveled passenger flows through the process along with the experienced. Procedures can be confusing and take longer for less experienced passengers.
TRI is working hard to improve the passenger experience in the gate area. Tailwind has recently opened a new retail area which has also provided more space in the restaurant area

########
Rank: 4
Score: 34.70531
Retrieved Text: Natural disasters, overbooking, strikes, technical problems, and delayed pilots, are just some of the challenges airlines face when trying to ensure flights depart and arrive on time.
Demonstrating the sheer scale of the challenge, flight delays in Europe more than doubled last year, with airlines and air traffic controllers failing to hit EU performance targets. On top of this rising number is the fact that while small delays are a regular occurrence, big delays that disrupt thousands of passengers are newsworthy. A recent example is the chaos at Gatwick airport over Christmas. Covered heavily by UK media, over 150,000 passengers had their flights cancelled or delayed due to a drone incident. Over this period, passengers received little or no information, leaving them to wonder if their flight would depart, whether they should travel to Gatwick, and if their flights could get re-allocated to another airport.
With digital and mobile messaging channels becoming an established way for brands to interact with customers, there is an opportunity for forward-thinking airlines to use digital messaging channels like Apple Business Chat or Facebook Messenger, chatbots and new communication automation software, to create and deploy passenger communication solutions that help prevent and manage disruption.
There is so much potential for airlines to utilise real-time communications to minimise passenger-caused delays and improve customer access to information.
Before and on the day of travel, engagement could be as simple as delivering weather, traffic and public transport updates to help passengers plan for any delays that could stop them getting to the airport on time. If a flight

########
Rank: 5
Score: 34.615192
Retrieved Text: Our airline does everything it can to answer your questions and meet your requirements.
Please see our FAQs, below. You will be sure to find the answer to your question. If you cannot find the answer to your question in the FAQs, you can send your question to our customer service team, using the information request form.
I am travelling with my family. Is our baggage treated individually per person or for the family as a whole?
You can check in one or more items of luggage for your family. The total weight of all your luggage will be counted on the basis of the baggage allowance per adult and per child or baby.
If the weight of your baggage exceeds the authorised limit, you will need to purchase additional allowance on a per-kilo basis according to the applicable rates.
LThe weight of each item of luggage must not exceed 40kg.
Is there any leniency if the weight of my luggage only marginally exceeds the baggage allowance?
No leniency is granted for exceeding the baggage allowance.
If the weight of your baggage clearly exceeds the authorised limit, you will need to purchase additional allowance on a per-kilo basis according to the applicable rates.
Can I check in several items of luggage without paying an excess?
Each passenger can check in several items of luggage provided the total weight of your personal luggage does not exceed the baggage allowance.
What items are not permitted in the hold?
Please consult the list of items not authorised by international security guidelines on the safety conditions page under the heading preparing to

########
Rank: 6
Score: 34.59793
Retrieved Text: What Does The Law Say About Compensation?
Home What Does The Law Say About Compensation?
The law of Flight Delay Compensation Regulation (EC) No 261/2004 is the regulation which talks about the compensation for flight delay. It also provides guidelines to passengers on matters related to long delayed flights, flight cancellations and denied boarding.
The flight departs from an airport situated within an EU member state and travels to a destination within an EU member state. Alternatively, the concerned airline must have its headquarters in any Eurozone member countries.
A passenger can claim for a flight delay only when he/she can prove that he/she had a confirmed reservation on the particular flight. The compensation for a flight delay can be availed only if a passenger can prove his/her timely arrival (as mentioned on the ticket) at the airport. If the time is not mentioned, it will be assumed that the passenger was expected to be at the airport 45 minutes before the flight’s scheduled departure. The compensation for flight delay law is also applicable when a passenger is given a reservation to any other flight.
A passenger can expect three categories of compensation after filing a claim for a flight delay , which could be also be offered in case of denied boarding and cancellation.
It is the payment of cash ranging between €250 and €600 as the compensation amount. In the case where rerouting is offered to the passenger, and he/she arrives at the destination within a specific time period (anywhere between two and four hours of the scheduled arrival) the

########
Rank: 7
Score: 34.498978
Retrieved Text: Emirates launched its 10th destination in the United States with the start of daily nonstop passenger service between Dubai and Orlando International Airport on 1st September.
Emirates’ daily flight EK219, will depart Dubai at 3:50 a.m. local time and arrive in Orlando at 11:40 a.m., a flying time of 15 hours and 50 minutes. EK220 will depart Orlando International Airport Terminal B at 2:20 p.m. and arrive into Dubai International Terminal 3 at 12:30p.m. the following day, with a flying time of 14 hours and 10 minutes.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 34.45903
Retrieved Text: If you need an alternative to the car safety seat when travelling with infants or children between 6 and 36 months (under 3 years) old, please let us know when you make your reservation with us.
Unfortunately, we only have a limited number of child restraint seats available, so be sure to make an early reservation – preferably at least 24 hours before your scheduled flight departure time.
Please note that a separate passenger seat must be purchased for your infant or child occupying the child restraint seat. To use one, your child should be under 100cm tall, under 20kg and needs to be accompanied by an adult passenger 18 years or older.
Child restraint seats are offered on a first come, first served basis and there are a limited number available. We ask you to make your reservation either via your local reservations office or travel agent at least 24 hours before the flight departs. You must also check in at the airport 90 minutes before your flight departs, and arrive at the boarding gate no later than 50 minutes before the flight departs.
There are certain safety restrictions regarding car safety seats where they can’t be used where airbags are fitted. So if you want the safety and security of a car safety seat for your infant or child but plan on travelling in a plane model which cannot accommodate one, you may ask us for a child restraint seat instead.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 34.190483
Retrieved Text: TULSA, OK – November 15, 2018 – Thanksgiving travelers are expected to begin their holiday journey early next week and officials at Tulsa International Airport are gearing up for the traditional Thanksgiving rush. Compared to last year, passenger numbers are up 9.3% for the week of Thanksgiving travel. Airlines operating from TUL expect flights to be full throughout the week, with peak travel days on Sunday and Monday after Thanksgiving.
Passengers departing before 8 AM should arrive two hours prior to their scheduled departure time – keeping in mind the checkpoint does not open until 3:45 AM. All other passengers are advised to arrive at least 90 minutes before their scheduled departure time for domestic travel and two hours early for international travel. Travelers should also confirm their airline’s check in procedure prior to coming to the airport.
Garage/Covered Parking: The closest airport parking option at $12/day.
Economy Parking: Located behind the Clarion Inn, shuttles provide carside to curbside service at $8/day.
Hourly Parking: Hourly parking is conveniently located on the 3rd level of the parking garage just steps away from baggage claim. The first 30 minutes is $1, and has a $12/day max. Please note that the third level of the parking garage will be partially closed for construction with limited accessibility while the installation of new parking canopies is taking place.
Valet Parking: Valet service located outside the ticket-counter doors for $18/day. Provide the attendant with your return flight information and they’ll have your car waiting upon your return.
Cell Phone Lot: Located just east of the Hilton Garden Inn

########
Rank: 10
Score: 33.890938
Retrieved Text: Check in 24 hours before the flight. Depending on the airport, review the minimum time to check in, register baggage and arrive at the boarding lounge.
You must print your boarding pass in a high-quality format, making sure that the barcode is legible. This way, you’ll avoid issues at the airport.
For Colombia, all our routes operate at the El Dorado International Airport (T1).
When you are traveling with infants, remember that when checking in, your ticket must be associated with your booking. Remember that all infants must have their own ticket without exception.
When checking in children between 2 and 11 years of age, you must have the details of an adult passenger associated with the booking.
If you are traveling with infants, the web check-in and mobile check-in service is only enabled if you have an associated booking number. Contact our call center for more information.
Passengers traveling with baggage to be checked in must go to the baggage drop-off module at the airport.
It is forbidden to carry dangerous goods in your carry-on baggage.
Even if you’re not present, authorities can open and inspect your suitcases. This can happen even if your baggage is laminated. If the plastic is cut or removed, remember that we, as an airline, are not responsible for this inspection.
If you are traveling with a connection, remember that your baggage will be checked in up to the final destination of your trip only if all flights are part of a single transportation agreement. In other words, if they’re registered in a single ticket. Otherwise, when making the

########
Rank: 11
Score: 33.881844
Retrieved Text: ISLAMABAD - Pakistan International Airlines (PIA) on Wednesday diverted its London-bound flight for an emergency landing at Warsaw Airport on 'humanitarian grounds' to provide medical assistance to a passenger on board who suffered a heart attack.
The flight had originated from Islamabad. Later, the passenger was said to be in stable condition. Leaving the medically ill passenger at the Warsaw Airport where he was undergoing emergency treatment, the said flight left for London. It stayed in Warsaw for over an hour.
According to details, a PIA flight PK-785 left for Heathrow Airport London from Benazir Bhutto International Airport (BBIA) Islamabad at 11:00am (Pakistan's time) on Wednesday and was scheduled to land in London at 03:00pm.
Soon after the flight took off, a British-Pakistani national passenger identified as Raja Nazir, 57, started feeling pain in the chest. Gradually, his condition worsened. Two heart specialists boarding the same flight provided him initial treatment while observing that the passenger might have suffered a heart stroke. This prompted the PIA authorities to ask the Warsaw aviation officials for an emergency landing at the Warsaw Chopin Airport. The flight was allowed to land at the said airport where a team of doctors found out that Nazir actually had a heart stroke and needed immediate treatment.
Confirming the incident, the PIA Spokesperson Mashhood Tajwar said that the flight had an emergency landing out of humanitarian grounds. "It was a life-threatening situation for the passenger whose heart malfunctioned during the flight. He could have faced any untoward situation had the emergency treatment not been provided. For the

########
Rank: 12
Score: 33.39177
Retrieved Text: As per the dates displayed on the final confirmation voucher and printout, confirmed booking is applicable.
Full payment is required to make a reservation and final booking confirmation. Clients who book through the internet or through travel agency are the only available users for these rates. Rates are inclusive of all service charges and Australian taxes and specifically in Australian dollars. All delays will incur a surcharge.
Specified and confirmed in your booking only is this transfer to and from airport/port and your destination. Changes are accepted no less than 24 hours prior to your scheduled pickup time.
Sydney Airport Shuttle must be notified for all requests for modifications. Implementing the request will be the Sydney Airport Shuttle bookings department on +61 2 9666 9988.
The correct name of the passenger should be given to Sydney Airport Shuttle at the time of the booking to confirm validity and avoid confusion.
Termination of a confirmed and paid booking greater than 24 hours prior to your pickup booking scheduled time, will result in 20% cancellation fee. A cancellation fee equal to 100% of the total booking price will be result as a consequence of the termination of a confirmed and paid booking fewer than 24 hours previous to your pickup booking scheduled time.
Without notice, prices and quotations are subject to change until a booking has been made and confirmed.
Please note, due to space limitations, each passenger is allowed one suitcase and one piece of hand luggage, if more room required please contact us via email info@airbussydney.com.au or phone +61 2 9666 9988 before

########
Rank: 13
Score: 33.31959
Retrieved Text: Major airlines operate their flights through "hub and spoke" networks, whereby many aircraft arrive to a central "hub" airport in rapid succession and depart to other "spoke" cities with very little time at the airport gate. This allows an airline to offer service to more cities with fewer airplanes. More than 50 aircraft may arrive and depart a single airport within one hour.
Closely spaced arrivals and departures in "hub and spoke" networks are very sensitive to timing miscues, such as those caused by bad weather or airport congestion. Arrival timing miscues lead to missed passenger connections, inefficient ground operations caused by incorrect gate assignments, and occasional aircraft diversions to alternate airports. These cause passenger inconvenience, flight delays, and lost airline revenue.
Provide NASA CTAS generated aircraft time of arrival and airport landing information to airlines to prevent timing miscues and increase airline efficiencies.
Allow airlines to influence the arrival order of their aircraft to re-cover from inevitable arrival timing miscues.
Improve CTAS algorithms, and eventually accomodate a greater range of user preferences in sequencing and scheduling of arrival traffic in the Center and TRACON.
Evaluate and develop uses and benefits of CTAS to airline operations.
Evaluate and develop improvements to CTAS given airline data inputs.
Develop CTAS-based user-preference tools for collaborative arrival planning.
Increased airport gate efficiencies create more orderly and less rushed airport connections.
Increased revenues from improved airport gate, personnel, and ground equipment efficiencies.
Recovery of costs incurred when aircraft must be diverted to alternate airports caused by uncertain arrival times or unexpected air traffic control holds.
Reduction of the severity of over-capacity "rush"

########
Rank: 14
Score: 33.3164
Retrieved Text: For the most up-to-date information on the best safety and security practices while traveling, covering everything from the 3-1-1 Liquids Rule to Traveling with Children, please visit the Transportation Security Administration’s web site at https://www.tsa.gov/travel and the Department of Homeland Security’s web site at http://www.dhs.gov.
Passenger Pack Safe Chart (Is it a hazardous material? Can it be carried in airline baggage?
Visit the Transportation Security Administration (TSA) website for the latest carry-on and checked baggage security rules.
If you are traveling by plane to Mexico or Canada, please keep in mind that the Western Hemisphere Travel Initiative requires all travelers to and from the Americas, the Caribbean, and Bermuda to have a passport or other accepted form of documentation to enter or depart the United States.
For complete up to date information, please visit the Department of Homeland Security’s web site at www.dhs.gov, U.S. Customs and Border Protection‘s web site at www.cbp.gov, or the U.S. Department of State‘s travel web site at www.travel.state.gov.
1. How early should I get to the Airport?
It is suggested that you show up at least 90 minutes before your flight, especially if you have an early morning flight. Keep in mind, though, that you’ll need to park, check in at the airline counter, and then proceed through TSA security.
2. Do I really need to get to the Airport early?
The airline may have the right to cancel your reservation, deny boarding and/or refuse the acceptance of checked baggage of any Passenger who fails to present himself/herself within the applicable check-in time limit for Passengers and/or Baggage.
Remember, it

########
Rank: 15
Score: 33.021477
Retrieved Text: The Civil Aviation Administration of Air China said on its website, a male passenger on Flight 1350, who it did not identify, attempted to use the pen to hold the flight attendant "under duress".
On Sunday, the Air China flight made an unscheduled landing in the central Chinese city of Zhengzhou when a passenger threatened a flight attendant with a fountain pen, the country's civil aviation authority said.
The passengers and crew are unarmed, the statement said and didn't provide any more details details about the same.
According to flight tracking websites, the flight took off from Changsha, the capital of southern Hunan province, at 8:40 a.m. and was scheduled to arrive at Beijing Capital International Airport at around 11 a.m.
The light made the unscheduled landing at Zhengzhou Xinzheng International Airport, in central Henan province, at 9:58 a.m., according to an earlier post on Air China's official Weibo microblog.
The police and civil aviation authorities were handling the situation, the Air China made the nscheduled stop due to "public safety reasons".

########
Rank: 16
Score: 33.020344
Retrieved Text: London Luton Airport (LLA), one of the UK’s largest airports, is undergoing a major digital signage overhaul, which will eventually see up to 400 indoor displays replaced over the next few months.
The move comes as part of the 80-year old airport’s £160 million transformation program, which also includes a terminal extension and new retail area, increasing the need and opportunities to display information to customers.
The airport, which is forecast to see passenger numbers passing through its terminal rise from 15.8 million last year to a capacity of 18 million by 2020, uses displays to provide a mix of flight/passenger information, commercial (advertising) and also (away from passengers) its back office Operations Centre.
According to the airport’s long serving AV partner SPC Group (who has also handled Cardiff airport’s displays for 12 years), the displays have been strategically placed to provide passengers with crucial details required during their journey, which begins the second they enter the airport. Details such as (amongst others) directions to toilets, check-in, gates, flight status, distance and travel time to the gate – all accessible from wherever they happen to be, 24/7.
“From the moment they [passengers] arrive, they need that nice passenger experience to keep them comfortable. Many people arrive a bit nervous and anxious. They’re not always certain what time their flight will go, worried about your bags being on the same flight as yours, do the have their passport, where are the toilets and of course, many people don’t like to fly – all those things play a part.
“If we can make

########
Rank: 17
Score: 32.967373
Retrieved Text: Lion Air spreads its ample wings at Jakarta airport moving a third of its departures to a new sub-terminal.
Lion Air today began operating a part of its Jakarta fleet from Terminal 1B at Soekarno-Hatta (Jakarta) airport.
Of Lion Air’s 143 flights a day out of Jakarta 63 will now depart from Terminal 1B, those going to cities on mainland Sumatra, as well as Batam and Pangkal Pinang, and to Palangkaraya in Central Kalimantan, while the remainder of Lion’s flights will continue to leave from Terminal 1A.
At Terminal 1B Lion Air has its own dedicated check-in counters and boarding gates with the company’s director Edward Sirait saying the partial move to Terminal 1B was because 1A had become too crowded.
Find out more about Jakarta airport terminals.
I arrive to the airport terminal 2 with international flight, 10 november at 19h30. Is it possible to buy a ticket Jakarta-Medan (11 november at 5h00), in the airport at your counter when i am arrived ? Is it open at this time ?
Yes, Lion Air’s customer service/ticket window will still be open then. Lion Air has a few flights departing late/overnight to Jayapura (22:45), Ambon (01:30), Manado (01:30), Bali (04:30) etc.
The majority of flights depart from Terminal 1A, so if you can’t find anyone at 1B, try 1A; it is a 5-minute walk. Coming from international Terminal 2, you will need to take the free inter-terminal bus.
Looking at Lion Air’s website, it appears unlikely that the flight will sell out, but – just in case – a plan B would be Mandala

########
Rank: 18
Score: 32.949722
Retrieved Text: TAV “primeclass” is a personal passenger assistance service scheme set up to make all traveling processes easier, such as offering personal meet & assist, transfer and hotel-ticket reservations through a boutique service mentality.
Where is the TAV “primeclass” available?
TAV “primeclass” is available Ankara Esenboga and Izmir Adnan Menderes airports as well as Batumi and Tbilisi in Georgia, Enfidha in Tunisia, Skopje and Ohrid in Macedonia.
Where are the meeting international points situated?
The meeting points for International Departure Service are as follows: Ankara- Entrance “D” and Izmir Entrance “A”. Passengers are required to arrive at the meeting points 2 hours prior to the flight. The meeting points for Arrival Service at Ankara Esenboga airports are situated by the exit of the passenger boarding bridge or by the “primeclass Meeting Point” sign within the terminal if the aircraft parks at the apron.
Where are the meeting Domestic points situated?
The meeting points for Domestic Departure Service are as follows: Istanbul- Entrance “Main Terminal Entrance”, Ankara- Entrance “D” and Izmir Entrance “A”. Passengers are required to arrive at the meeting points 2 hours prior to the flight.
The payment is required during booking over the phone or via bank transfer prior to the service.
We would like to make a group booking for the TAV “primeclass”. Is there a discount for group bookings?
Yes. We offer family discounts for families of 3 or more. Group discount is also available for groups of 5 or more. Please email via primeclasssales@tav.aero for details.
Do you charge for children under 18 who travel on their own?
Children traveling “alone” are charged

########
Rank: 19
Score: 32.81287
Retrieved Text: The innovation of the airplane can be considered as a turning point in the human history. It depicts the mastermind of human thoughts and how it was used to make revolutionary standpoints of the explorations. Although there are numerous ways of transportation, people prefer and they are much fond of using the airplane as their mode of transport because it offers a wide range of benefits for them. The main reason to use airplanes is the convenience and the higher standards of the facilities being offered in airplanes. They have adhered to punctuality unlike the other transport methods and that offers passengers an immeasurable service to get their work done properly. However, there is a huge code of laws and regulations to protect the passengers’ rights in airplanes. But it seems that passengers are not much aware of these. They might have the necessary knowledge to book seating and take the airplane but they do not know the laws and regulations that have been composed in order to safeguard the rights of them.
No matter what the rules are, no matter which transportation method is, in each and every one of it, there can be errors and flaws. But when it comes to transportation in the air, the errors and fallacies could be extremely hazardous for the passengers because they have to go through a firm procedure in order to get their journey done. The common error in air transportation is the flight delays. However, for the benefit of the passengers, compensating systems have been introduced for

########
Rank: 20
Score: 32.70181
Retrieved Text: How to getto the airport?
Some airlines at Lille Airport provide a special service for accompanying children travelling by themselves (U.M. service for Unaccompanied Minors).
You can check on your airline's file if it provides a U.M. service departing from Lille Airport: Click here.
All the airlines at Lille Airport allow infants on board their planes, but each airline applies its own rules.
We suggest that you check the airline file for transport conditions departing from Lille Airport: Click here.
Please note: it is no longer possible to register a minor on the passport of one of its parents. Children must have their own passport.
spacious toilet facilities fitted with support bars are installed in the Arrivals/Departures zone.
In the terminal lobby, in the drop-off zone and in the Departures Hall, there are phone booths which you can use to contact our services for prompt assistance. This service is provided by fully qualified staff from Lille Airport, trained in taking care of people with reduced mobility and in safety practices.
collect your baggage and mobility equipment.
To organise the best reception and care for you at Lille Airport, it is important that you request assistance when booking your ticket, at least 48 hours before your departure. This request must be made with your travel agent or your airline when you book. The services at Lille Airport will then be notified of your arrival by the airline.
If you are unable to notify us of your needs 48 hours before your flight, the assistants at Lille Airport will do all they can to make your journey easier,

########
Rank: 21
Score: 32.67074
Retrieved Text: We offer excellent, stress-free airport transfers available for both Chicago’s O’Hare and Midway airports with an impeccable meet & greet service included. Our fleet of modern and comfortable cars come equipped with plenty of luggage space, air conditioning, and an experienced driver with pick-ups & drop-offs available for any hotel located in Chicago. Our vehicles and drivers are fully insured and complacent with city laws and regulations; with Chicago Travel & Tours, you’ll arrive at your destination safely, on time and relaxed.
8 passengers Available upon request.
Note: Transfers between 11:55 p.m. and 5:00 a.m. will include a surcharge of $45.
For international arrivals, your driver will meet you in front of the 5D exit of Terminal 5.
For domestic arrivals, your driver will be waiting for you at the luggage carousel assigned to your flight.
Your driver will meet you outside your hotel 3.5 hours before international flights and 2.5 hours before domestic flights.
Most hotels in Chicago do not have loading zones at the entrance making it impossible for drivers to leave the vehicle to meet guests in the lobby. For this reason, your driver will be waiting outside the hotel by the vehicle, displaying a sign with the company logo and passenger names.
7 days a week, 24 hours a day. Please note that for transfers between the hours of 11:55 p.m. and 5 a.m., there will be a $45 surcharge.
Transfers are available for both Chicago’s O’Hare and Midway airports.
For pick-ups and drop-offs, drivers will be waiting to greet you with a sign displaying the company logo and your name.
Transfers

########
Rank: 22
Score: 32.66942
Retrieved Text: Looking to book your 2018 holiday.....Don’t forget to also book your chauffeur car service, avoid the stress of finding your airport car park, Start your journey or holiday travelling 'First class' in luxury to your airport. Arrive in style refreshed & relaxed. No parking fees, no bus transfers no costly train journeys, delays, stress of finding the right terminal or even a trolley.
We provide a 24 Hour service including late flights or early morning collections.
Our professional reliable chauffeurs have extensive knowledge of all airport terminal drop-off zones to get you to the right place at the right time.
We have a choice of luxury Mercedes S class Limousine vehicles and luxury Mercedes multi seaters according to your passenger numbers and luggage requirements.
We monitor your flight and arrive suitably, so wether your flight arrives early or is delayed, your chauffeur will meet you on time. Your chauffeur will greet you in the arrivals hall with an iPad message board, uniformed and you will have their mobile number for contact.
All our Mercedes luxury cars are long wheel based with extra legroom, have Wifi, TV & DVD players, complimentary magazines, water & mints for your comfort.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 32.65417
Retrieved Text: Attention! Departure time in the ticket is specified LOCAL. Passengers need to arrive to the airport with time stock sufficient for completion of check in and preflight formalities. The passengers who were late by the time of the end of check in on flight are not allowed.
For check in to internal flights of airline and passing of formalities on a departure (customs, immigration control and so forth) it is recommended to arrive to the airport in 1 hour 30 minutes, to the international flights — in 3 hours until a departure of the flight specified in the ticket.
Check in of passengers both on internal, and on the international flights of airline comes to an end in 40 minutes until a flight departure.
The "Turkmenistan airlines" makes regular flights to Turkmenistan and international destinations - to Europe, Russia, CIS countries, South Asia, etc.
All details of the ticket at any time, change of data about passengers, exchange or refund of the ticket.
Registration of passengers for both domestic and international flights of the airline ends 40 minutes before the time of departure.
Each passenger who has a ticket is the right to carry a baggage weight that is covered by the rules, orders and instructions of the airlines.
Priority registration for the flight and boarding on the aircraft.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 32.64856
Retrieved Text: Chongqing opened the first non-stop flight to France on December 19, which is the passenger air route to France.
Chongqing will launch the non-stop flight to France on December 19. Meanwhile, it is the first passenger air route to France. In addition, the international routes Chongqing Jiangbei International Airport opened will reach 80 by the end of this year. Moreover, it will be up to 100 by 2020.
It is reported that Hainan Airlines will use Airbus A330—the wide-body airliner—on this route. There will be two flights every Wednesday and Saturday. The flight will depart from Chongqing at 01:30 (L.T) for Paris at 06:20 (L.T); return from Paris at 13:00 (L.T) and arrive in Chongqing at 06:30 (next day, L.T). The one-way flight time is about 12 hours.
As Chongqing’s first passenger air route to France, the Chongqing-Paris route offers more flexible travel options to tourists in both places. In addition, it will further improve Chongqing’s airline network in Europe, and promote relations between China’s international aviation hubs and European megalopolises. This route will also boost the economic and trade exchanges, industrial cooperation and tourism development between Southwest China and Europe, and meanwhile improve Chongqing’s image of opening-up.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 32.64529
Retrieved Text: Shirdi Tour Package From Delhi by Flight is our Sai Darshan Package from Delhi by Flight. This is 2 Nights 3 days package. In Shirdi Tour Package From Delhi by Flight you take a flight from Delhi and arrived Pune. From Pune Airport you will proceed for Shirdi. Hotel Check In and night stay in hotel. Next day you will go for Sai Darshan. After darshan go for local sightseeing. Next day we drop you at Pune Airport and take flight for Delhi. Arrived Delhi and tour end.
Departure from New Delhi Airport for Pune and arrived Pune. After that proceed for Shirdi by individual cab. Arrived Shirdi and Check in into Hotel.Take Dinner and overnight hotel stay.
Take Breakfast at hotel and after breakfast check out from hotel and proceed for Pune airport by individual cab. Cab drop you at Pune airport and board flight. Arrive Delhi and tour end.
Return Flight ticket for all passenger from New Delhi - Pune - New Delhi.
Pick and drop from Pune to Shirdi by Individual Cab.
Breakfast, and Dinner in Hotel.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 32.304806
Retrieved Text: Readers of the Condé Nast Traveler magazine have declared Long Beach Airport one of the best in the country, giving credit to LGB’s revamped passenger concourse and historic main terminal in making the airport a standout contender.
This is the second consecutive year that the airport has made the magazine’s top 10 list.
Condé Nast voters cited the glamour of the historic main terminal, along with the easygoing nature of the passenger concourse, which made LGB stand out among its peers.
We advise travelers to arrive at LGB at least 90 minutes before their flight. That way you can relax with us. LGB: Where the going is easy.
Long Beach Airport officials stated two Mother’s Rooms have recently opened at the facility, equipped to accommodate breastfeeding mothers.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 32.268288
Retrieved Text: In May this year, Riga International Airport handled over half a million passengers, which is an increase of 10.8% as compared to May 2016, reaching a new passenger traffic record in May.
During the first five months of the year, Riga Airport handled over 2.1 million passengers - 7.4% more than last year.
During the first five months of the year, more than 600 thousand passengers chose Riga Airport as an international air traffic hub to continue their journey to other destinations. In this period of time, transfer and transit passenger figures increased by 17.4%, reaching 28.3% of the total number of passengers. In May, 157 523 passengers chose Riga Airport as a transit point accounting for 29.8% of the total number of travellers. It is an increase of 17.7% in this group of passengers as compared to last May.
In the first five months, Riga Airport served 27 855 aircraft - almost 4% more than a year before. The cargo volumes grew by 2%, reaching 8.3 thousand tons.
Ilona Līce, Chairperson of the Board of Riga International Airport: "More than half a million passengers per month means that an average of 600 people cross Airport security control each hour, which is 15 to 20 thousand passengers a day. For this reason, the Airport is working on solutions to speed up its customer service; for example, in the nearest future, security control lines will be extended so that passengers could prepare for the security screening more conveniently. At the same time, we are working intensively on the design of the

########
Rank: 28
Score: 32.261154
Retrieved Text: The busiest travel season of the year is about to kick off at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport. Memorial Day weekend is the start of the summer travel season for many, however, the busiest days at Sea-Tac will begin the second week in June and continue all the way through August. Summer is the busiest time of the year (no, not the end-of-year holidays) when Sea-Tac will average about 100,000 passengers (inbound and outbound) per day. With that in mind, this is a good time to see what’s new; review travel tips; and check out the latest passenger traffic information, special offers, and links for additional information.
From June through August, each day will average about 100,000 travelers through the airport. This coincides each year to the end of the school year and summer vacation. An average day for the year will be over 89,000 passengers.
The two busiest days for Memorial Day weekend will be Thursday and Friday, May 25 & 26, with an estimated 95,000 passengers.
The busiest days during the summer are forecasted to be August 12 & 13 with over 105,000 passengers per day. This is when travelers typically get their final vacation in before the start of school in September.
The latest airport statistics in April show passenger traffic up 3.3% in that month, including a 6.6% increase for international passengers and 2.9% for domestic passengers.
Through April 2012, airport passenger traffic is up 2.8% including 5% for international and 2.6% for domestic.
A record number of passengers (32.8 million) went through Sea-Tac in 2011, and projections call for

########
Rank: 29
Score: 32.242702
Retrieved Text: You can check in either online or at the check-in desks.
Several airlines do not allow advance check-ins and passengers can only check in at the airport. We recommend that you always arrive at the airport early so that you have enough time to check in, go through the security control, and reach your departure gate.
Check-in at the airport normally starts 2 hours before departure. All airlines allow check-in at the desks at the airport but some airlines may charge a fee for this service.
Check-in for charter flights is possible only at the airport’s check-in desks.
Checking in online is easy and saves a lot of time at the airport. By checking in early, you can choose a seat to your liking. Check-in opening times vary from one airline to another. Some airlines allow you to also print out an A4 format boarding card at home. If you do that, you no longer need to check in at the airport. However, if you have carry-on luggage to drop off, go to the check-in desk designated to your flight. If your flight is not open for check-in yet, you can leave your luggage at the “Early bird” desk (open 10:00-18:00).
The following airlines allow online check-in: Nordica, SAS, airBaltic, easyJet, Finnair, British Airways, LOT Polish Airlines, Aegean airlines, Lufthansa, Ryanair, Aeroflot , Turkish Airlines, Wizzair and Norwegian.
Important! Come to the airport early even if you have checked in online. Normally, airlines close check-in 45 minutes before departure. This means that even if the flight is to depart outside of rush

================



======= Instance Index 6049 =========
Input Text: Read the following conversation and answer the question.

M: Today on mind matters, I'm talking to Dr Ann Winters, an expert on human memory.. Ann, welcome to the program. Now, I suppose the first question everyone would ask is: what exactly is human memory?

W: Well, like so many easy questions, the answer isn't very simple. Basically, human memory is a compartment in people's brains where they store images rather like the hard disc drive in a computer. And like a hard disc drive, our memories can become infected or even wiped out by accidents. But the comparison breaks down when we consider that we can train our memories to expand and work better which computers can't manage yet.

M: When you talk about memory being infected, do you mean by a disease?

W: Yes. For instance, people suffering from a physiological disease like Alzheimer: forget things that happened in the past. And they also forget how to perform simple tasks like tying their shoelaces. The good news is that brain exercises can help keep the brain young. Research has shown that people who have better educations and more mentally active jobs have a lower risk of developing the disease.

M: And how can someone exercise his brain? By thinking a lot?

W: In a way, yes. But you can also practice using your memory which not only exercises your brain but also improves you ability to remember things. Unfortunately, a lot of devices in modern life are designed to make sure we don't forget things which can make our brains more idle and weaken our memories.

M: Can you give us some examples of how to exercise our memories?

W: Sure, there is a very simple technique, although it works better for some people than for others. When you want to remember something, think of a physical thing it reminds you of. If I want to remember a date from history, let's say, 1066, the date of the Battle of Hastings. I might think that battle reminds me of bottle, so I think of a bottle with the number 1066 written on the label. And I just picture that bottle to myself.

Question: Who has a lower risk of developing Alzheimer's disease? 

- People who have received little education.

- People who have mentally active jobs.

- People who first have good memories.

Target Text: People who have mentally active jobs.

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 38.98899
Retrieved Text: By leading a brain-healthy lifestyle, you may be able to prevent the symptoms of Alzheimer's disease and slow down, or even reverse, the. Prevention and risk of Alzheimer's and other dementias – learn about studies reduce the risk of Alzheimer's disease in older people (ages 65 to 85) at high risk . As the exact cause of Alzheimer's disease is still unknown, there's no certain way to prevent the condition. But a healthy lifestyle can help reduce your risk.
Now there's growing evidence that the same is true for your brain. A new study by researchers at Rush University Medical Center in Chicago shows a diet plan they developed -- appropriately called the MIND diet -- may reduce the risk of developing Alzheimer's disease by as much as 53 percent. Even those who didn't stick to the diet perfectly but followed it "moderately well" reduced their risk of Alzheimer's by about a third.
Diet appears to be just one of "many factors that play into who gets the disease," said nutritional epidemiologist Martha Clare Morris, PhD, the lead author of the MIND diet study. Genetics and other factors like smoking, exercise and education also play a role. But the MIND diet helped slow the rate of cognitive decline and protect against Alzheimer's regardless of other risk factors.
It found participants whose diets most closely followed the MIND recommendations had a level of cognitive function the equivalent of a person 7. The MIND diet breaks its recommendations down into 10 "brain healthy food groups" a person should eat and five

########
Rank: 1
Score: 38.079784
Retrieved Text: Alzheimers has been a subject in many households over the last decade as more and more people become aware of its existence and the sadness it can bring to families and friends. A small breakthrough is always welcome in these areas and so it has seemingly been found within the Mediterranean diet. The following studies have been released to the media in many parts of the globe and although it may only represent the beginning of perhaps a larger breakthrough, it does address the importance of diet. In this case, the Mediterranean diet.
One study, a Dr. Nikolaos Scarmeas and his colleagues at Columbia University Medical Center in New York found that eating a Mediterranean diet is associated with a lower risk for developing Alzheimer's disease, a form of dementia that can affect memory, language and behaviour.
The information apparently formulated from researchers who studied over 1,900 adults with an average age of 76. From all the participants, 194 already had Alzheimer's and 1,790 did not.
Over the previous year their diets were ranked from a low of zero to a high of nine for how closely they adhered to a Mediterranean-style diet, which includes large amounts of fruits, vegetables, legumes, cereals and fish, moderate amounts of alcohol, and reduced intake of red meat and dairy products. For each additional unit on the diet score, the risk for Alzheimer's disease decreased by 19 to 24 per cent.
Those participants who were in the top one-third of the diet scores had 68 per cent lower odds of having Alzheimer's disease than

########
Rank: 2
Score: 37.777275
Retrieved Text: A new study published in the journal Neurology claims a woman's risk of Alzheimer's disease may be higher if she is anxious, jealous or moody in middle-age.
Researchers say women who are neurotic during middle-age - defined as being anxious, jealous or moody - may be at higher risk of Alzheimer's.
Alzheimer's disease is more common in women than men, with 3.2 million of the 5 million Alzheimer's cases in the US affecting women.
According to the Alzheimer's Association, a woman aged 65 or over has a 1 in 6 chance of developing the disease in her lifetime, compared with a 1 in 11 chance for men.
The researchers of this latest study - including Lena Johannsson, PhD, of the University of Gothenburg in Sweden - say the majority of Alzheimer's research has looked at how genetics, head trauma, heart and blood problems and education influences disease risk.
For example, a study reported by Medical News Today earlier this year revealed a gene variant that may increase Alzheimer's risk in women.
However, Johannsson and colleagues note there is very little research on how certain personality traits may influence the risk of Alzheimer's. As such, the team looked to determine the association between personality and Alzheimer's through a study involving 800 women of an average age of 46.
During the 38 years of follow-up, the women were required to complete personality tests that assessed their levels of neuroticism (characterized by anxiety, moodiness and jealousy) and extraversion (characterized by assertiveness, energetic behavior and a preference for social interaction) or introversion (characterized by shyness and preference

########
Rank: 3
Score: 37.475792
Retrieved Text: CHICAGO (AP) - A study published Monday found that overweight women may have a higher risk of developing Alzheimer's - the latest report to link the disease to vascular factors such as hypertension and diabetes.
Researchers found ``a striking relationship'' between being overweight at age 70 and developing the mind-robbing dementia 10 to 18 years later.
``I think that what it means is that overweight and obesity continue to be a public health problem'' and that as women age it's ``still something that women need to be concerned about in relationship to their health risks,'' lead author Deborah Gustafson said.
``These studies often give us clues for areas to look at, but they are not by themselves conclusive evidence that these are the true relationships,'' said Zaven Khachaturian, a senior science adviser with the association.
The study, published in Monday's Archives of Internal Medicine, looked at the relationship between dementia and body-mass index, or BMI - a height-to-weight ratio. It included 392 Swedish women and men who were followed from age 70 to 88 as part of a geriatric population study in Sweden.
Women without dementia had average BMIs slightly over 25 at ages 70, 75 and 79. Women who developed Alzheimer's between ages 79 and 88 had average BMIs of between 28.2 and 29.6 at those ages.
People with a BMI between 25 and 30 are considered overweight; a BMI of 30 or above is considered obese.
The study points out that other research has found lower body weight or BMI in people with Alzheimer's, possibly because of weight loss during the

########
Rank: 4
Score: 37.160976
Retrieved Text: According to a study, a hybrid of these two eating plans – called the MIND diet – is associated with a significantly lower risk of developing Alzheimer's disease. That's true even if you don't follow the diet strictly.
The newly created MIND diet (Mediterranean-DASH Intervention for Neurodegenerative Delay), developed by researchers from Rush University Medical Center in Chicago, was shown to reduce the likelihood of developing Alzheimer's by 53 per cent in people who followed it rigorously and by 35 per cent in those who adhered to it only modestly.
Alzheimer's disease, the most common cause of dementia, damages and kills brain cells, causing a steady deterioration in memory and thinking ability. It's not a normal part of aging, but your risk for the irreversible disease increases greatly after 65.
Along with elements from the Mediterranean and DASH diets, the MIND diet includes specific foods and nutrients found in past studies to be linked to optimal brain health. The diet's 10 "brain-healthy food groups" include green leafy vegetables, other vegetables, berries, nuts, beans, whole grains, fish, poultry, olive oil and wine.
The plan also advises that five unhealthy food groups – red meat, butter and stick margarine, cheese (because of its high saturated-fat content), pastries and sweets, and fried or fast food – be limited.
During a follow-up period of 4 1/2 years, 144 participants developed Alzheimer's disease.
All three diets, when closely followed, offered significant protection against Alzheimer's. The Mediterranean diet lowered Alzheimer's risk by 54 per cent, the MIND diet by 53 per cent and the DASH diet by 39

########
Rank: 5
Score: 36.89128
Retrieved Text: The A4 Study is a cutting-edge trial aimed at preventing Alzheimer's. The clinical trial is testing normal adults who are at risk for the dementia. It is the first trial to inform healthy people of their risk in advance. Read about the research. Watch Dr. Sperling explain its potential for a vaccination to prevent memory loss.
A cutting-edge clinical trial is testing whether early medical intervention in people at risk for Alzheimer's can slow down progression of disease pathology before symptoms emerge, as outlined in Science Translational Medicine.
For the first time, people with no Alzheimer's disease symptoms are being told of their risk status before being asked to join the randomized controlled trial. As part of the overall prevention trial, Penn Medicine neurodegenerative ethics experts monitor how learning about their risk of developing Alzheimer's impacts trial participants.
Alzheimer's disease afflicts more than 13% of individuals over the age of 65, and remains one of the most feared consequences of aging.
"In order to ethically conduct a study where patients will learn they have a greater chance of developing Alzheimer's disease dementia, we've integrated continual assessments of potential participants throughout the process, to ensure that they are ready to receive information about their amyloid status and aren't having any adverse reactions after finding out," said Jason Karlawish, MD, professor of Medicine and Medical Ethics and Health Policy in the Perelman School of Medicine at the University of Pennsylvania.
Dr. Karlawish directs the Penn Neurodegenerative Disease Ethics and Policy Program. "This study is an important step in determining the consequences of being

########
Rank: 6
Score: 36.628254
Retrieved Text: Does Alcohol Increase or Decrease Your Dementia Risk?
Alcohol drinks are frequently cited in medical news, both for their benefits as well as for the harm that alcohol misuse and addiction causes. So, what do those reports say about your mind on alcohol? Does alcohol impact the functioning of your brain? Does it affect your risk of developing Alzheimer's disease?
In a word: yes. But how?
The answer depends on several factors, but two of the more researched factors include the amount of alcohol consumed and whether someone is an APOE ε4 gene carrier.
Multiple research and observational studies have demonstrated that people who drink high amounts of alcohol are at an increased risk of developing dementia. Alcohol-related brain damage may account for approximately 10% of all dementia cases.
Imaging tests of the brains of high alcohol drinkers demonstrate atrophy (brain shrinkage), loss of white matter, decreased neurons and other changes similar to the brains of people with Alzheimer's disease.
These cognitive impairments may develop over time, but alcohol can also cause immediate memory loss, known as blackouts.
According to one study conducted on the risk factors for younger-onset dementia, alcohol intoxication as a late teenager is one of the highest predictors of men who will develop it. Additionally, a second study found that 57% of young-onset dementia was related to chronic heavy alcohol use.
Moderate alcohol drinking is classified as drinking one alcoholic drink a day for women and two a day for men. Light drinking describes those who drink less than moderate drinkers but more than those who totally abstain from alcohol.
In

########
Rank: 7
Score: 36.564125
Retrieved Text: Three in 10 cases of Alzheimer's disease could be prevented if people led healthier lifestyles, exercising more and not smoking, research suggests. And keeping to a normal weight and reducing blood pressure would also help slow the predicted sharp rise in numbers getting the disease.
The findings, published on Monday in the journal Lancet Neurology, suggest that such lifestyle changes could mean up to 200,000 fewer people in the UK having Alzheimer's by 2050.
The authors of the study, from Cambridge University, King's College London, and San Francisco, say that, in all, about a third of those destined to get Alzheimer's worldwide could avoid the disease via such health measures. Moves to tackle depression and low educational attainment, which also significantly increase risk of the disease, could help too.
Of the seven risk factors studied, lack of physical activity accounted for the largest proportion of cases of Alzheimer's in the UK, Europe and US, where studies have found that about one in three adults take so little exercise they are deemed inactive. The study also looks at three other risk factors: diabetes, high blood pressure and obesity.
Worldwide, low educational attainment was implicated in about 20% of all cases, though in the UK the percentage was half that. Smoking and depression were each considered to be linked to one in 10 cases everywhere, while diabetes, high blood pressure in middle age, and obesity in people in their 40s or 50s was estimated to account for between 2% and 8% of those The authors say the study results present a "more

########
Rank: 8
Score: 36.432537
Retrieved Text: Alzheimer's disease is characterized by a gradual loss of brain function, usually starting with increasing loss of memory. Four different genes have been identified that can play a role in causing Alzheimer's disease. Rare mutations in each of three different genes (on different chromosomes) can each cause Alzheimer's disease. A common variation in a fourth gene, called ApoE, which occurs in approximately 35 percent of the population, increases the risk of developing Alzheimer's disease about threefold if a person has one copy of the allele (called e4), and about tenfold if they have two copies of the allele.
Taken together, these four genes account for less than half of all the genetic effects in Alzheimer's disease, indicating that additional genes that have not yet been identified are also important. In addition, environmental risk factors can have an effect. For example, taking certain anti-inflammatory medications, such as ibuprofen, reduces the risk of developing Alzheimer's disease, whereas severe head injury increases it.
SEE ALSO ALZHEIMER'S DISEASE; BREAST CANCER; CARDIOVASCULAR DISEASE; DIABETES; EPISTASIS; INHERITANCE PATTERNS.
Haines, Jonathan L., and Margaret A. Pericak-Vance, eds. Approaches to Gene Mapping in Complex Human Diseases. New York: John Wiley & Sons, 1998.
Strachan, Tom, and Andrew P. Read. Human Molecular Genetics, 2nd ed. New York: John Wiley & Sons, 1999.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 36.32443
Retrieved Text: Alzheimer's Q&A: Is obesity a risk factor in Alzheimer's disease?
Numerous studies suggest being overweight during middle age increases the risk of developing Alzheimer's. A new study by the National Institutes of Health found that people who are obese at age 50 may develop, or have a higher risk for, younger-onset Alzheimer's disease.
The researchers at NIH found that those with the highest body mass index at age 50 were much more likely to develop Alzheimer’s disease. BMI is a formula doctors use, based on height and weight, to estimate body fat. People at a healthy weight generally have a BMI under 25. Those with a BMI of 25 to 30 are considered to be overweight, while those with a BMI over 30 are considered obese.
Results from these studies showed that the higher a person’s BMI at midlife, the earlier they tended to develop the disease. Each one-point increase in BMI was associated with getting Alzheimer’s six to seven months earlier. Someone with a BMI of 30, for instance, might be diagnosed with Alzheimer’s 2½ years earlier than someone with a BMI of 25.
Those with the highest BMIs also were inclined to have more brain changes typical of Alzheimer’s, even if they didn’t have symptoms of the disease.
Whether losing weight and lowering one's BMI in middle age were not answered in the study; however, researchers noted that lifestyle changes could reduce the risk of developing Alzheimer's disease at an earlier age.
Carrying excess weight has been closely linked with a variety of diseases that affect the heart and blood

########
Rank: 10
Score: 36.320335
Retrieved Text: Yahoo! Lifestyle recently published an interview with Patrick Lyden, MD, professor in the Department of Neurology and Neurosurgery at Cedars-Sinai, about the connection between genetics and Alzheimer’s.
As the article explains, many people wonder if they are more likely to develop Alzheimer's if a first-degree relative -- such as a mother, father, grandparent or sibling -- receives an Alzheimer's diagnosis. According to Lyden, the answer is not a simple yes or no.
According to the article, written by Erin Migdol and first published on TheMighty.com, there is one rare type of Alzheimer’s disease, called early-onset familial Alzheimer’s disease (FAD), that is known to be genetic and will appear throughout a family tree. However, this accounts for only 5 percent of all Alzheimer’s patients.
For the rest, Alzheimer’s research is not conclusive. Although some studies indicate that people who have Alzheimer’s patients in their immediate family have a slightly higher risk of developing it themselves, Lyden said there are other risk factors that are more significant.
Because a healthy lifestyle has been shown to lower the risk, Lyden advises controlling cholesterol levels and blood pressure, as well as avoiding Type 2 diabetes by maintaining your ideal body weight, and engaging in regular exercise. Socialization is another important risk factor — mouse studies have found that even for mice that are bred to get Alzheimer’s, being housed with company led to the mice developing Alzheimer’s later in their lives. Human studies have also found that loneliness increases Alzheimer’s risk.
Click here to read the complete article on Yahoo! Lifestyle.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 36.312756
Retrieved Text: New research has found concussions accelerate Alzheimer's disease-related brain atrophy and cognitive decline in people who are at genetic risk for the condition. The findings, which appear in the journal Brain, show promise for detecting the influence of concussion on neurodegeneration.
Moderate-to-severe traumatic brain injury is one of the strongest environmental risk factors for developing neurodegenerative diseases such as late-onset Alzheimer's disease, although it is unclear whether mild traumatic brain injury or concussion also increases this risk.
Researchers from Boston University School of Medicine (BUSM) studied 160 Iraq and Afghanistan war veterans, some who had suffered one or more concussions and some who had never had a concussion. Using MRI imaging, the thickness of their cerebral cortex was measured in seven regions that are the first to show atrophy in Alzheimer's disease, as well as seven control regions.
"We found that having a concussion was associated with lower cortical thickness in brain regions that are the first to be affected in Alzheimer's disease," explained corresponding author Jasmeet Hayes, PhD, assistant professor of psychiatry at BUSM and research psychologist at the National Center for PTSD, VA Boston Healthcare System. "Our results suggest that when combined with genetic factors, concussions may be associated with accelerated cortical thickness and memory decline in Alzheimer's disease relevant areas."
Of particular note was that these brain abnormalities were found in a relatively young group, with the average age being 32 years old. "These findings show promise for detecting the influence of concussion on neurodegeneration early in one's lifetime, thus it is important to document the occurrence

########
Rank: 12
Score: 36.22077
Retrieved Text: A women's body is quite different and undergoes a lot of changes with time. Hence the nutritional requirements is very important.
We have mentioned a few foods that every woman should definitely add to her diet for healthy and strong living.
Dark chocolate is rich in polyphones and flavonols which are anti-inflammatory compounds that prevent cardiovascular diseases. A study stated that women who consume 1 to 2 servings of high-quality chocolate per week have 32% lower risk of developing heart diseases.
Wild Salman has high Omega 3 content, which is the powerful anti-inflammatory fatty acid. These fatty acids protect the heart and decrease the likelihood of dying from heart disease by 33% and also lower the risk of Arthritis in women.
About 50% of the women between 45 and 55 and 70% between 55 and 70 years of age have high blood pressure, an illness that can lead to more serious problems like heart stroke or heart failure. Phytochemical like Allicin in garlic decreases high blood pressure by as much as 10 points. This phytochemical upon Cooking gets destroyed, so garlic has to be consumed raw or as dry powder or as an extract.
Proanthocyanidins and cinnamaldehyde in cinnamon can reduce high sugar levels as well as minimise the risk of developing Alzheimer's disease by limiting the formation of Alzheimer's causing protein aggregates, according to a study in the Journal of Alzheimer's disease.
Blueberries have powerful Anthocyanins and antioxidants that remove cell-damaging free radicals from the body. Also, these antioxidants help maintain mental sharpness and smooth/wrinkle-free skin.
Curcumin, an antioxidant in turmeric is

########
Rank: 13
Score: 35.889324
Retrieved Text: A four-year study of more than 820 elderly individuals in the US has found that people who are lonely in their old age are twice as likely to develop Alzheimer's disease.
The team behind the report asked 823 elderly people without dementia to calculate their level of loneliness using a five-point ratings score, based on statements such as "I often feel abandoned".
Researchers then followed the participants for four years and gave each one an annual mental assessment. Over the course of the study, 76 of the patients were diagnosed with Alzheimer's disease.
The team found that the risk of developing the disease increased by 51 per cent for each point. Those who had the highest score run 2.1 times the risk of developing Alzheimer's than those who had the lowest scores, the scientists concluded.
The BBC quotes study leader Professor Robert Wilson as saying: "There are two ideas that we should take away, number one is it suggests that loneliness really is a risk factor and secondly in trying to understand that association we need to look outside the typical neuropathology."
He added that people need to understand that loneliness can have a physical as well as an emotional impact.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 35.779182
Retrieved Text: As the director of the Ronald M. Loeb Center on Alzheimer's Disease at Mount Sinai, Dr. Alison Goate specializes in researching the disease's basic mechanisms to improve our treatment options. November is National Alzheimer's Disease Awareness Month.
More than five million Americans are living with Alzheimer's disease, the most common cause of dementia. "Alzheimer's disease is most commonly associated with progressive memory loss over a period of years, though there can also be deficits in other cognitive areas," says Dr. Alison Goate, the director of the Ronald M. Loeb Center on Alzheimer's Disease at Mount Sinai. "Alzheimer's dramatically affects the activities of daily living and, as yet, we don't have a disease-modifying therapy for it."
In casual speech, people tend to use dementia and Alzheimer's interchangeably. "Dementia is the broad umbrella term for memory loss, cognitive impairment and behavioral change. But there are about 60 known causes of dementia," Goate says. "Alzheimer's accounts for about 70% of all dementia cases. Most people know someone who has the disease."
Alzheimer's is a disease most often associated with aging. "The disease usually affects older adults over the age of 65," says Goate. "There are some relatively rare forms of Alzheimer's that include early onset of the disease."
"Both genetic evidence and environmental factors contribute to an individual's risk of developing Alzheimer's," Goate says. "At the moment, we understand the genetic factors better. There are familial subtypes of the disease and we have identified one gene that increases people's risk three- to ten-fold."
Doctors identified other risk factors as well. "Anyone who has suffered

########
Rank: 15
Score: 35.515785
Retrieved Text: AMES, Iowa - A new Iowa State University study may have identified the link that explains years of conflicting research over a mitochondrial gene and the risk for Alzheimer's disease.
Auriel Willette, an ISU assistant professor of food science and human nutrition who led the study, says the researcher who initially discovered the gene, TOMM40 (Translocase of Outer Mitochondrial Membrane-40kD), found it increased the risk for Alzheimer's. However, when multiple studies failed to replicate the results, many researchers dismissed the findings, Willette said.
Not convinced the gene was a total bust, Willette decided to look at other factors that may be contributing to the mixed results. In the paper published online by Alzheimer's & Dementia: The Journal of the Alzheimer's Association as an in press corrected proof, Willette and his colleagues found a dramatic difference in the gene's impact on memory, general cognitive function and risk based on a family history of Alzheimer's disease and the length of a specific section of the gene.
"It was kind of a shot in the dark, but we found if you don't have a family history of Alzheimer's disease, then having a longer version of the gene is a good thing. It is related to better memory up to 10 years later and about one-fifth of the risk for developing Alzheimer's disease," said Willette, who is also an adjunct assistant professor of neurology at the University of Iowa. "However, if your mom or dad has Alzheimer's, then having a long version is bad. It's a complete polar opposite."
In the study, late middle-aged

########
Rank: 16
Score: 35.22638
Retrieved Text: Are There Foods That Help Prevent Alzheimer's Disease?
Like the rest of the body, the brain also needs a healthy and nutritious diet to operate at its best potential. One must focus on consuming a lot of fresh fruits, vegetables, proteins, healthy fats and whole grains.
Alzheimer’s disease affects the brain such that the memory and thinking skills of the individual slowly decline. It is a progressive mental deterioration disorder that can occur during one’s middle age or old age. The cause of the disease is due to generalized degeneration of the brain. Alzheimer’s disease is a very common cause of premature senility. For more than a decade or so, it was thought that Alzheimer’s disease did not have a medical cure and that could it be prevented. But, the truth is that this illness can be prevented with the help of a right diet, correct exercises, and following a healthy lifestyle.
Like the rest of the body, the brain also needs a healthy and nutritious diet to operate at its best potential. One must focus on consuming a lot of fresh fruits, vegetables, proteins, healthy fats and whole grains. Eating habits that lower the inflammation and provide a strong supply of energy to the body are recommended.
A Mediterranean diet that is rich in fish, nuts, whole grains, olive oil, vegetables and fruits are healthy for the heart. Taub Institute for Research in Alzheimer's disease and the Aging Brain in a study has quoted that people who consume Mediterranean diet regularly for a longer period of time are associated

########
Rank: 17
Score: 35.214096
Retrieved Text: Advice Home > Alzheimer's > What Causes Alzheimer's Disease?
Alzheimer's disease is the most common form of dementia, with 60 to 90 percent of dementia cases in the U.S. being a direct result of Alzheimer's disease. Put another way, in 2013, nearly 7 million people were diagnosed with dementia. Of these diagnoses, 5 million were also diagnosed with Alzheimer's. Scary still, these numbers are expected to double by 2050.
Alzheimer's disease is a neurological disorder wherein brain cells die, leading to memory loss and decreased brain function. The symptoms of Alzheimer's start off mild but grow more severe as time progresses.
Perhaps one of the most shocking, recent cases of Alzheimer's in a person familiar to many was when the cause of death was revealed after the death of beloved actor Gene Wilder. Wilder succumbed to Alzheimer's in 2016 when he was 83 years old. Wilder kept his diagnosis a secret to avoid worrying his younger fans who, to this day, recognize him as Willy Wonka from the film Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory.
The main cause of Alzheimer's disease is the death of cells in the brain, just like any other form of dementia. It is a degenerative disease, which means that it progressively gets worse as time goes on. A person who has Alzheimer's disease has fewer nerve cells and connections in his or her brain, and those cells and connections continue to die off as time passes.
Autopsies performed on those who had suffered from the disease show that the brain contained tiny deposits, called plaques (found

########
Rank: 18
Score: 35.09781
Retrieved Text: Researchers from a consortium that includes Columbia University Medical Center identified four new genes linked to late-onset Alzheimer's disease. Each of these genes adds to the risk of developing this most common form of the disease, and together they offer a portal into the causes of Alzheimer's.
Their identification will help researchers find ways to determine who is at risk of developing the disease, which will be critical as preventive measures become available, and to identify proteins and pathways for drug development.
"A significant aspect of our research is that these genes clarify three new pathways," said Richard Mayeux, one of the lead scientists in the Alzheimer's Disease Genetics Consortium from Columbia University Medical Center. "APOE-e4 and the other genes identified earlier are related to the accumulation of amyloid in the brain; these new genes are involved in inflammatory processes, lipid metabolism, and the movement of molecules within cells. Therefore, we may now have four pathways that are critically related to the disease and that could really make a difference in how we study and potentially prevent and treat it."
The study reports genetic analysis of more than 11,000 people with Alzheimer's and a nearly equal number of elderly people with no symptoms of dementia. Three other consortia provided additional, confirming data, bringing the total number of people studied to more than 54,000.
"This is the culmination of years of work on Alzheimer's disease by a large number of scientists, yet it is just the beginning in defining how genes influence memory and intellectual function as we age. We're all

########
Rank: 19
Score: 35.01467
Retrieved Text: Alzheimer's cure around the corner? New non-invasive blood test for specific proteins may be key to predicting and preventing Alzheimer's disease.
Many researchers think that the key to finding successful Alzheimer's treatments will be to begin treatments as early as possible, before symptoms are clear enough to lead to a proper clinical diagnosis. However, it is difficult to find people at this early stage of disease. The most promising early diagnostic approaches currently require invasive procedures or expensive brain scans, which severely limit their use.
That's why my team of researchers and I are trying to develop ways to predict an individual's risk of developing Alzheimer's disease using information that can be collected relatively easily. In our work we found that levels of a certain protein – MAPKAPK5 - in the blood was lower in those whose cognitive ability declined over a 10-year period. This decline in cognitive ability was present in individuals without dementia, who therefore may be on the way towards dementia. If replicated, this blood test could be a useful tool for selecting people to take part in prevention trials, which may lead to a cure for Alzheimer's.
All the evidence we have to date suggests that Alzheimer's disease (AD) is a progressive condition that develops over a long period of time, often more than 20 years. At the same time, very few treatment options are available despite the condition affecting a large and ever-increasing proportion of the UK (and global) population.
This highlights how important it is that more money be used for AD research, and

########
Rank: 20
Score: 34.97306
Retrieved Text: Stay mentally active Learn a new skill, read, do crossword puzzles. One study found that older people who engage in mentally stimulating activities were 47 percent less likely to get the disease.
Be social Visit with friends, join a club, stay in touch with family. One study found those who were socially isolated had a 60 percent greater risk of Alzheimer’s.
Stay physically active Exercise or walk at least 30 minutes a day. One study found that sedentary men were twice as likely to develop Alzheimer’s as those who walked two miles per day.
Avoid brain trauma Wear a helmet when riding a bicycle. Use seat belts. The risk of Alzheimer’s increases signifi cantly for those who have suffered severe brain injuries.
Eat right, control your weight, avoid diabetes Choose low-fat, low-cholesterol foods. Eat lots of fruits and vegetables, which contain anti-oxidants. One study linked diabetes with a 65 percent greater risk of developing Alzheimer’s. Another found that women who were signifi cantly overweight at age 70 dramatically increased their risk of getting dementia.
Control your blood pressure, avoid heart disease Don’t smoke. Use diet, exercise or antihypertension drugs to keep blood pressure under control. One study found that those who suffered a stroke were 60 percent more likely to get Alzheimer’s, a risk that appears to be connected to underlying vascular disease.
A century after Alois Alzheimer identified the debilitating dementia that carries his name, scientists are still trying to determine what causes the disease in old age. Their quest takes on increasing urgency, with predictions that unless a cure is

########
Rank: 21
Score: 34.831585
Retrieved Text: Researchers revealed how apoE4 confers its risk for Alzheimer's disease in human brain cells. What's more, they were able to erase the damage caused by apoE4 by changing it, with a small molecule, into a harmless apoE3-like version.
Using human brain cells, scientists at the Gladstone Institutes discovered the cause of -- and a potential solution for -- the primary genetic risk factor for Alzheimer's disease, a gene called apoE4.
Having one copy of the apoE4 gene more than doubles a person's likelihood of developing Alzheimer's disease, and having two copies of the gene increases the risk by 12-fold, as compared to the most common version of the gene, apoE3.
In a new study published in Nature Medicine, researchers revealed how apoE4 confers its risk for Alzheimer's disease in human brain cells. What's more, they were able to erase the damage caused by apoE4 by changing it, with a small molecule, into a harmless apoE3-like version.
Most Alzheimer's research and drug development are done in mouse models of the disease. However, a succession of clinical trial failures has spurred scientists to turn to other models.
"Drug development for Alzheimer's disease has been largely a disappointment over the past 10 years," says lead author Yadong Huang, MD, PhD, a senior investigator and director of the Center for Translational Advancement at Gladstone. "Many drugs work beautifully in a mouse model, but so far they've all failed in clinical trials. One concern within the field has been how poorly these mouse models really mimic human disease."
Instead, Huang decided to use human cells to model

########
Rank: 22
Score: 34.815662
Retrieved Text: Coffee Strong Enough to Ward Off Dementia?
Jan. 16, 2009 -- Drinking coffee in moderate amounts during middle age may reduce the risk of dementia and Alzheimer's disease in the elderly, according to a new study.
Those who drank three to five cups of coffee per day in midlife were much less likely to have developed dementia or Alzheimer's in follow-up checks two decades or more later, the researchers say in the January issue of the Journal of Alzheimer's Disease.
"Given the large amount of coffee consumption globally, the results might have important implications for the prevention of or delaying the onset of dementia/Alzheimer's disease," Miia Kivipelto, a researcher from the University of Kuopio, Finland, and the Karolinska Institutet in Stockholm, Sweden, says in a news release. "The finding needs to be confirmed by other studies, but it opens the possibility that dietary interventions could modify the risk of dementia/AD. [And it] might help in the development of new therapies for these diseases."
In the study, participants were asked in 1972, 1977, 1982, or 1987, when they were all in midlife (average age 50), how much coffee they drank. Then they were split into three groups: low coffee drinkers (zero to two cups per day), moderate coffee drinkers (three to five cups per day), and high coffee drinkers (more than five cups per day).
Of the participants, 15.9% were low coffee drinkers, 45.6% were moderate coffee drinkers, and 38.5% were high coffee drinkers.
After an average of 21 years, 1,409 people between ages 65 and 79 were re-examined. A total of 61

########
Rank: 23
Score: 34.70523
Retrieved Text: Patients with degenerative eye diseases are more likely to have Alzheimer's disease, reports a new study.
Alzheimer's disease is difficult to diagnose as well as a treat, but researchers now have a promising new screening tool using the window to the brain: the eye.
The researchers, from the University of Washington School of Medicine, the Kaiser Permanente Washington Health Institute and the UW School of Nursing, reported their findings in Alzheimer's & Dementia: The Journal of the Alzheimer's Association.
The participants in the study were age 65 and older and did not have Alzheimer's disease at the time of enrollment. They were part of the Adult Changes in Thought database started in 1994 by Dr. Eric Larson, who is at Kaiser Permanente Washington Health Research Institute. Over the five-year study, 792 cases of Alzheimer's disease were diagnosed by a committee of dementia experts.
Patients with age-related macular degeneration, diabetic retinopathy, or glaucoma were at 40 % to 50% greater risk of developing Alzheimer's disease compared to similar people without these eye conditions. Cataract diagnosis was not an Alzheimer's disease risk factor.
"What we found was not subtle," said Dr. Paul Crane, professor of medicine, Division of General Internal Medicine, at the UW School of Medicine. "This study solidifies that there are mechanistic things we can learn from the brain by looking at the eye."
More than 46 million older adults are affected by dementia worldwide, and 131.5 million cases are expected by 2050, the researchers said. Alzheimer' disease is the most common dementia, and discovering risk factors may lead to early detection

########
Rank: 24
Score: 34.66705
Retrieved Text: Alzheimer's disease is a form of a mental disorder that is also known as "dementia", a brain disorder that affects and seriously impedes the brain's ability to process rational or normal thought. This usually results in limiting the amount of daily activities that require the use of cognitive abilities of its sufferers. Alzheimer's is a debilitating disease because it affects the part of the brain that is responsible for thought, memory, and language.
Alzheimer's is especially one of the most disabling diseases that can affect the older population. What makes Alzheimer's disease a very serious affliction is that it is a progressive disorder that can slowly kill the irreplaceable nerve cells in the brain. Although Alzheimer's is detected more often among patients over 60 years old, there are some individuals as young as 50 years of age who can show signs of Alzheimer's.
Alzheimer's disease holds no boundaries. It can equally affect people of different cultures and is found to afflict both males and females in equal proportions. Not one particular test is known to be used for diagnosing Alzheimer's. A variety of methods and tests are being used to diagnose 90 percent of Alzheimer's cases. A 100 percent accuracy in diagnosing the disease can only be achieved upon autopsy to check for plaques and tangles in the sufferer's brain.
The root cause of Alzheimer's disease is not yet quite well understood despite the many years of research on the debilitating condition. Alzheimer's is a complex disease that can be caused by a number of different influences.
The main cause

########
Rank: 25
Score: 34.585777
Retrieved Text: A new sleep and dementia research unit at a university in England hopes to learn more about the link between sleep problems and Alzheimer's disease.
Scientists at the University of East Anglia, in Norwich, will investigate with help from volunteers.
Sleep disturbance is common in dementia sufferers but it is unknown if Alzheimer's causes sleep problems or if sleep issues are a sign of the disease.
Sleep specialists will track volunteers overnight in a bid to learn more.
Researchers hope treating sleep disturbances early on could help slow down the progression of the disease. There are no other treatments available that do this, the university said.
An initial study at the new unit will investigate if healthy people who are at increased genetic risk of developing Alzheimer's could be more vulnerable to sleep loss and how their body clock was affected by sleep disturbance.
The project's first study will look at healthy people who may, or may not, have an increased genetic risk of developing Alzheimer's disease in the future.
After a screening process, volunteers will wear a small wrist-worn device to measure sleep and activity at home, and keep a sleep diary.
They will then take part in a three-night lab session under one of two conditions - including one night of complete sleep deprivation, or taking multiple short naps.
Lead researcher Dr Alpar Lazar, from UEA's School of Health Sciences, said: "We live in an ageing society, and sleep disturbances and dementia are two significant health problems in older adults.
"Good sleep is central to maintaining cognitive performance - such as attention and memory

########
Rank: 26
Score: 34.56955
Retrieved Text: Other research has looked at whether various bacterial, viral, or fungal infections may play a role in Alzheimer's, but there is now not enough evidence to say.
"I'm much less convinced that [it] causes Alzheimer's disease", Robert Moir, a neurobiologist at Massachusetts General Hospital in Boston who was not involved in the study, tells Science. At the time, he was treating people with HIV at the University of California, San Francisco.
A common gum disease bug plays a "central role" in the development of Alzheimer's, scientists claim.
The bacteria assaults the brain cells with a hostile protein while also promoting the formation of plaques in brain tissue that are found in Alzheimer's patients. They also discovered the bacterium's DNA in their spinal fluid and toxic enzymes called gingipains, which are produced by the microbe, in their brains. Another physical characteristic of the Alzheimer's diseased brain is the buildup of tau proteins, which tangle inside neurons, blocking their transport system.
Risk Factors involved with the disease and that age is the greatest known risk factor for Alzheimer's, include an individuals risk for developing Alzheimer's increases after the age of 65, having a parent or sibling with the disease increases an individuals risk and 5.7 million people are now living with Alzheimer's. A larger study is slated to start this year. "But what this paper suggests is really an association and not causation and that should be very clearly emphasized when we're talking about studies like this".
To study whether levels of the protein in blood also reflect neurological damage, researchers turned to

########
Rank: 27
Score: 34.48636
Retrieved Text: After being diagnosed with early-onset Alzheimer's in 2007, Terry Pratchett made considerable donations to Alzheimer research funding, lobbied the British government for increased dementia research, and participated in a documentary on the condition (Living With Alzheimer's), before passing away earlier this month at 66.
It might feel like work is killing you, but it's also giving your brain mental exercise that could help keep you sharp in the future. A wide-ranging study from France has found that those who retired later had a lower risk of developing dementia, the condition of mental deterioration whose leading cause is Alzheimer's disease. These new findings are consistent with past studies that have discovered the importance of keeping the brain active in order to reduce the risk of cognition-related disorders in old age.
If you're anything like me, you still haven't given up on that dream of being an astronaut one day, breaking the surly bonds of Earth and experiencing the wonder and vastness of space firsthand. That's why I bring you the following story with a heavy heart -- according to a recent study by researchers at the University of Rochester Medical Center, the list of dangers involved in space travel just got a little longer, with "alien attacks," "insane computer AIs," and "being sucked out of an airlock" joined by a new hazard to space flight -- an increased risk of Alzheimer's disease.
A new hope for Alzheimer's patients may lie in a treatment already being used for diseases like Parkinson's, epilepsy, and obsessive-compulsive disorder. Deep-brain stimulation (DBS) works by implanting

########
Rank: 28
Score: 34.397793
Retrieved Text: Multiple types of vitamin benefit seniors over 80, here's one you may not want to overlook.
High levels of several vitamin E components in the blood decrease risks for Alzheimer's disease in advanced age, and also, vitamin E may help prevent cognitive deterioration in elderly people, says a Swedish study conducted at Karolinska Institutet in Stockholm. The work can be significant to the 70% of dementia cases suffered by people over 75, and effects of vitamin E can so much as benefit individuals over 80 years of age.
Published in the Journal of Alzheimer's Disease, the studies were led by Dr. Francesca Mangialasche, who noted that Vitamin E is a family of eight natural components, but most Alzheimer's disease studies investigate only one. After discovering that subjects with higher blood levels of all vitamin E family forms had reduced risk of developing AD, compared to subjects with lower levels, her project theorized that all the vitamin E family members could be important.
"Elderly people as a group are large consumers of vitamin E supplements," explained Dr. Mangialasche, who added that her findings "open up for the possibility that the balanced presence of different vitamin E forms can have an important neuroprotective effect."
The study was conducted at the Aging Research Center (ARC), Karolinska Institutet, in Stockholm, Sweden, in collaboration with the Institute of Gerontology and Geriatrics, at the University of Perugia, in Italy. The study included a sample of 232 participants, who were all over 80 and free of dementia at the start.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 34.378376
Retrieved Text: Alzheimer's is the most common form of dementia, affecting 60-80% of all dementia patients. The term Alzheimer's is a blanket term referring to memory loss and cognitive functioning abilities. The loss is substantial enough to interfere in daily life and activities and can often affect the safety and wellbeing of the person with the disease.
While having some memory issues is a normal part of aging, Alzheimer's is not normal although it does affect mostly people over the age of 65. The total number of people suffering with Alzheimer's in the United States is nearing six million. There is currently a rise in patients under 65 years old developing Alzheimer's disease though. At present time there are over 200,000 people under 65 who have been diagnosed with the disease. When Alzheimer's affects someone younger than 65, it is referred to as Early Onset, or Younger-Onset, Alzheimer's Disease.
There is currently no cure for Alzheimer's disease even though it is the 6th leading cause of death in America. Treatments for Alzheimer's are in clinical trials that could possibly cure Alzheimer's but there are only five drugs now available and approved by the Food and Drug Administration for the treatment of the disease. All five of these drugs manage symptoms without treating the underlying cause of the disease.
Research and development must focus on more than a cure however. Many laboratories all over the world are developing technologies and diagnostic tools to help catch and treat Alzheimer's disease in the initial stages. According to www.alz.org, the kinds of treatments currently being

================



======= Instance Index 2837 =========
Input Text: Read the following conversation and answer the question.

W: Pardon me, officer. I want to go to Bums Park. Would you please tell me how to get there?

M: Yes, Miss. Bums Park is about half a mile from here. Do you want to take a bus or walk? The bus stop is on the other side of the street if you want to take a bus.

W: Well, I'd like to walk if it's within walking distance.

M: All right. We are now on Main Street. Go this way along, until you come to First Street.

W: I see.

M: Go straight along Main Street as far as First Street. Turn left onto First Street and walk another two blocks. Then you'll come to Lincoln Street?

W: Lincoln Street.

M: Yes, then turn right. Walk for a few minutes. Bums park begins at the comer of Lincoln and Fifth.

W: Thank you very much, officer.

M: You're welcome. Good-bye.

Question: How can the woman get to the park when she is at the crossing of First Street and Lincoln Street? 

- Turn right and go straight.

- Go along First Street for a few minutes.

- Turn left and walk two blocks.

Target Text: Turn right and go straight.

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 38.924835
Retrieved Text: NILES, Ill. (WLS) -- A woman in her early 60s has died after she was struck by a car while crossing a street in northwest suburban Niles on Wednesday night, police said.
At around 7:22 p.m., the woman was crossing the street in the 8300-block of Golf Road when a Kia Sorrento travelling east bound on the inner lane struck her. The first officer on the scene performed CPR on the woman before the Niles Fire Department transported her to Lutheran General Hospital.
She was pronounced dead at 8:04 p.m., police said.
Police said Golf Road was closed between Washington Street and Milwaukee Avenue as they investigated the crash.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 37.922882
Retrieved Text: Avenue. Per animal, a permit costs $15 for City of Marquette residents, and $20 for non-residents. The park is open Nov. 1 through May 1 and is located at the Tourist Park area. Proof of a current dog license is required.
The City Clerk, along with most local veterinarians sell dog licenses, as does the Marquette County Clerk. To purchase a license, you will need a paper copy of a current rabies certification from your veterinarian.
Hunger Walk using City sidewalk, crossing City streets, and using the multi-use path.
The walk will start at the First Presbyterian Church at 120 N. Front Street, proceed north to Fair Avenue, east to the City multi-use path, south along the multi-use path to Main Street, then west on Main St to Front Street, then north on Front Street returning to the First Presbyterian Church.
No roads will be closed; however, volunteers will be stopping cars at road crossings and the public is asked to be aware of walkers crossing the street.
Off-Leash Park Permits are now available for purchase at the City Clerk’s office, 300 W. Baraga Avenue. Per animal, a permit costs $15 for City of Marquette residents, and $20 for non-residents. The park is open Nov. 1 through May 1 and is located at the Tourist Park area. Proof of a current dog license is required.
Beginning at 5:30 p.m. and continuing through approximately 6:30 p.m. on Friday, Sept. 29, the Marquette Senior High School will be holding their annual homecoming parade.
The parade will begin at the Graveraet School, exit west onto Hewitt

########
Rank: 2
Score: 37.470436
Retrieved Text: A woman was airlifted to Legacy Emanuel Hospital in critical condition after being struck by a pickup truck.
Oregon State Police have not yet identified the 74-year-old woman pedestrian. Emergency responders were called to North Elm Street and Second Avenue at approximately 4:30pm on Friday March 25. The woman was crossing the street when she was struck by a Ford Ranger pickup.
The driver of the pickup truck stopped and has been cooperating with the police investigation. No citations were immediately issued.
Our thoughts and prayers are with the woman pedestrian as she recovers from her injuries. We hope that she will recover fully, and that she knows how many people are holding her in their thoughts also.
Although we don’t know all of the facts in this accident, we do commend the driver of the pickup for stopping and cooperating with police. We have seen too many tragic aftermaths of pedestrian hit-and-run accidents, and this driver did the right thing by stopping after the crash.
Remember that in a car vs. pedestrian crash, the pedestrian always loses, even if they are not found to be at fault. Drivers owe it to pedestrians to be alert – crosswalk or not, you are bigger, heavier, and are going faster. And pedestrians owe it to themselves to be cautious when crossing a street. Even if the law is on your side, that can’t stop a driver from injuring you.
If you have been hurt in an Oregon pedestrian accident and you have questions, contact a Portland pedestrian accident lawyer. The sooner you get in

########
Rank: 3
Score: 37.003506
Retrieved Text: September 21, 2010—The following ideas about Lincoln’s transportation future have been solicited from age group members of the Lincoln Green by Design volunteer organization and the Mayor’s Youth Advisory Committee.
Lincoln is a relatively small town in regards to other state capitals and major cities which I believe is a benefit. The distances around town are short and congestion tends to be low. However, roads such as 40th, 48th, and 56th become extremely congested when they shrink down to single lane roads. As a result, it is harder to get around and people may be more prone to drive recklessly with the added time on their commutes.
In certain areas like downtown and malls, the city should set up rentable bike stands at heavily trafficked areas. These could benefit older citizens and those who are not yet able to drive. Even European countries, like Spain, do this to promote both health and the economy. These automated stands could be very beneficial if implemented.
As Lincoln develops existing and new neighborhoods, they should be designed for walking or biking to within 1 mile of primary community functions. For example, a neighborhood should have a grocery store, hardware store, etc. within 1 mile.
It would be nice to be able to equip the main shopping area on O Street between 48th and 70th with more biking options. It would also be nice if midtown, 48th Street, had a north/south bike path similar to what is provided along 70th Street or the north/south Rock Island Trail.
For improved bike safety along on-street bike paths,

########
Rank: 4
Score: 36.628803
Retrieved Text: A 59-year-old woman was crossing North Mesa Street about 9:50 p.m. Tuesday when she was struck by a Ducati motorcycle.
A woman was killed when she was struck by a motorcycle in West El Paso.
The 59-year-old woman, whose name was not released, was crossing the road at about 9:50 p.m. Tuesday in the 7100 block of North Mesa Street near Coronado High School, El Paso Police Department officials said.
Officials said she was not using a crosswalk when she was struck by a Ducati motorcycle driven by Joseph Ungar, 41, officials said.
The 59-year-old woman sustained life-threatening injuries and was taken to University Medical Center, where she died the next day.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 36.485455
Retrieved Text: A woman died after being hit by a train in Nottinghamshire last night.
Officers were called to Lincoln Street level crossing in Nottingham shortly after 6pm following reports that a person had been struck by a train.
Police and paramedics attended and a woman was sadly pronounced dead at the scene.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 36.40985
Retrieved Text: A woman who was visiting Florida from Ohio drove into a group of pedestrians who were crossing the street, even pinning one under her car, and police later determined that she was well over the legal limit for alcohol consumption when the accident occurred.
The police had been assisting people who wanted to cross the street at a number of places due to the large crowds. The traffic had come to a stop, and the officers were letting people cross in front of the cars. According to a woman who saw the accident happen, some people decided just to cut through the stopped traffic, going behind the cars instead of crossing where the officers were standing. As they were crossing the street, they walked right into the truck’s path, and the woman ran into them.
The officers came down after the accident occurred and took the woman out of the truck, but she would not perform the field sobriety tests. She did let them take some of her blood for testing. It was later determined that she was still over the legal limit even four hours after the incident took place.
Three people were seriously injured in the crash. All of them were taken to a local medical center, and one of them was airlifted to get her there more quickly. The truck was also damaged in the accident, but the woman who was driving did not appear to have been injured.
In a case like this, all sides of the story have to be considered, including whether or not

########
Rank: 7
Score: 36.38088
Retrieved Text: The North Side neighborhoods of Lake View and Lincoln Park encountered a string of armed vehicular hijackings and thefts around midnight Thursday that escalated into a police chase, one of the stolen cars crashing in the South Side and two suspects escaping.
The trio of robberies began at 11:55 p.m. Wednesday near Lake View’s intersection of Lincoln, Belmont and Ashland Avenues, according to Chicago police. A 25-year-old woman was walking on the sidewalk in the 1600 block of West Barry Avenue when two armed men confronted her and announced they were going to rob her.
She handed over her purse, including the keys to a red Toyota Corolla, police said. They then jumped into her car and took off.
The carjackers likely drove south down Lincoln toward Lincoln Park’s Sheffield Neighbors neighborhood, because at 12:25 a.m., two men walked up to a 20-year-old man delivering food in the 800 block of West Dickens Avenue and pointed a handgun at him, police said.
They nabbed the 20-year-old’s 2011 black Toyota Camry sedan and also took his iPhone, drivers license and $10, police said.
About five minutes later, a 26-year-old woman was sitting inside a white Ford Fusion vehicle parked in the 800 block of West Willow Street, about two blocks south of the deliveryman, when a man knocked on the rear door and implied he was armed by mimicking pulling a gun trigger with his hand, police said.
He told her to leave the vehicle right as a second man dragged her out of it, police said. The two took off in the

########
Rank: 8
Score: 36.379875
Retrieved Text: Two pedestrians swiveled their heads back and forth yesterday as cars zoomed by on Lincoln Street. Cautiously and gingerly they stepped off of the sidewalk before one car came to a quick halt, prompting the driver in the car behind it to lean on the horn.
The two walkers briskly crossed the busy street, with a quick wave to the driver who allowed them to cross in an area without a crosswalk.
Lincoln Street has always had a reputation of being a busy thoroughfare, and in the past week two pedestrian deaths not only have people asking for more traffic enforcement but also more awareness on the part of both drivers and walkers.
Four days after Mr. Oliveras was killed, Lorri J. “Lulu” Bauckman, 47, was struck by a car on Lincoln Street while she was pulling leaves from the property at 148 Lincoln St., where she lived, to the other side of the street.
As she stood yesterday near candles, flowers and the letters “L” and “U” placed in front of Ms. Bauckman's apartment, Doris Burrell of Henchman Street said crossing near Perkins Street is difficult considering there is no crosswalk.
From the plazas near Route 70 to the Interstate 290 bridge, several pedestrians on Lincoln Street yesterday darted across during a break in traffic. Others waited at a crosswalk. The speed limit is 30 miles per hour in both the areas where last week's fatalities occurred.
District 2 City Councilor Philip P. Palmieri expressed sadness for the families who lost their loved ones. The councilor knows Lincoln Street is filled

########
Rank: 9
Score: 36.20159
Retrieved Text: The principal at Cummings elementary school had a message for the Keizer Traffic Safety Bikeways and Pedestrian Committee Thursday, April 13: prioritize pedestrian access around her school.
Mangan brought an ally with her to the meeting, Carol Doerfler, a member of the West Keizer Neighborhood Association Board and crossing guard at the school. Doerfler didn’t mince words.
“When I am there watching the kids run back and forth along the edge of the street, it is enough to give you heart failure,” Doerfler said.
Currently, the only available sidewalk around Cummings, on Delight Street N., end at the building itself. There are no sidewalks on the opposite side of Delight and none along Cummings Lane North.
The project has been on the city’s wish list for at least a decade, but finding funding for it has been more of a challenge.
The city applied for federal funds to install sidewalks and other pedestrian improvements around 2008, but the project was scored so low by grant administrators that the city hasn’t even attempted it again.
“Arterials and collectors get most of the federal funding and (Delight) is a local road,” said Bill Lawyer, Keizer Public Works director.
While the city’s street fund is one of the more solvent funds in the city’s budget, Lawyer said previous commitments have a priority in the immediate future. This summer, the city is replacing the bridge on Dearborn Avenue Northeast. After that, the city is on the hook for a portion of the funding to install a new traffic signal at the transit center in Keizer station.
“Realistically, the

########
Rank: 10
Score: 35.980175
Retrieved Text: Naveen Dhaliwal has the latest on the arrest in a Brooklyn hit-and-run.
BOROUGH PARK, Brooklyn (WABC) -- Police have arrested a woman they say struck a 14-year-old girl with her car as the victim was crossing a street in Brooklyn.
"When I turned around, I saw a car just moving very fast, and I want to go away, but I can't," Wang said. "When I see the video I'm like 'oh, oh.'"
The blow was so severe that it pushed Wang into traffic on Ninth Avenue near 47th Street in Borough Park on March 27.
Police say Litmonovich was driving a black Dodge Challenger with Georgia plates, and they say she took off after blowing a red light and slamming into Wang as she stood at the crosswalk.
Initially, the suspect did get out to see if the teen was OK. She also and asked Wang if she wanted to be taken home.
"I say no, because I didn't know where she would try to take me," Wang said. "She said she was parking her car on the other side, but she just run away."
Wang is a freshman at High School for Dual Language and Asian Studies in Manhattan. That day, she hopped on the D train in Chinatown and got off at the Fort Hamilton Parkway stop. She then walked the same route she does every day.
"My father says when you hit a person, you have to take responsibility," she said. "You can't just run away."
Wang was taken to Maimonides Hospital with bruising to her torso and legs.
Litmonovich faces multiple charges,

########
Rank: 11
Score: 35.956505
Retrieved Text: As I was crossing westward on Main Street in Great Barrington, Mass., toward's Rubiner's Cheesemongers, already about halfway to the median, this car heading north drove right past me through the crosswalk.
Were you nearly run over by a car today while crossing Main Street in a crosswalk? Post the offender's license plate here by clicking the COMMENT button.
Downtown great barrington (and any other downtown, for that matter) is full of people. actual human beings. you could KILL someone with your car -- think about it. SLOW DOWN. Don't (like selectman Margaret Beckwith) act all shocked that "suddenly" people "dart out" into crosswalks in front of you. I've never seen anyone RUN into a crosswalk downtown. They WALK. The drivers are supposed to be WATCHING for pedestrians who enter the crosswalk, and be prepared to STOP when they see them. Period. If you're going so fast that you can't stop for someone in a crosswalk right in front of you, then YOU'RE GOING TOO FAST!!!!
1)people driving through downtown need to be on the look out for pedestrians,some will be in the crosswalks others will be crossing mid-block (just don't get the paint scheme somehow).
2)pedestrians crossing the street need to execise reasonable caution crossing the street. I won't cross without making eye contact with a driver unless they have conme to a stop. sometimes it actually takes me an extra 3 or 4 seconds to cross the street but it hasn't killed me yet.
Hmmm. How is it that Sheffield has nice legible signs, like this one?
And all that

########
Rank: 12
Score: 35.846615
Retrieved Text: Are you seeking a unique opportunity that allows you to work from home?
Explore becoming a Home Provider for Lincoln Street Inc.
Lincoln Street Inc. provides training and support along with a tax-exempt difficulty of care payment and room & board allotment. We also provide a respite care allocation so our providers can schedule breaks from providing care.
Lincoln Street Inc. is currently seeking Providers to share their home and lives with individuals with Developmental Disabilities full time and part time. We are looking for people who are compassionate, patient and creative; who have common sense; are able to set limits; and work within a team setting.
A long-term home for a 29-year-old woman. This engaging, capable and bright young lady works in the Upper Valley and will need access to public transportation or assistance getting to and from her job. She loves cats & dogs, music and spending time with friends. She needs support managing her emotions and her expectations of others. The ideal Provider will receive a $35,000 tax free salary plus room & board payments, a flexible respite budget, training & support.
A long-term home in the Upper Valley for a 59-year-old woman who enjoys baking, kayaking, helping teach others and her job in White River Junction. She enjoys helping around the house and family time. She needs support with her social skills and her home and community safety skills. The ideal Provider will receive a $23,000 tax free salary plus room & board payments, a flexible respite budget, training & support.
A long-term home to support a 59-year-old

########
Rank: 13
Score: 35.76794
Retrieved Text: A Shannon Avenue woman, 38, was charged with child endangering, drug abuse and operating a vehicle under the influence of alcohol or drugs May 18. Summit County Children's Services took a 20-month-old child into protective custody.
A Saxe Avenue woman, 31, was charged with disorderly conduct May 19, accused of urinating in the parking lot of a State Road bar.
An Akron man, 39, was charged with unauthorized use of a motor vehicle March 21, accused of taking his ex-girlfriend's truck. The vehicle was recovered.
A Ranier Street man, 39, was charged with domestic violence May 22, accused of assaulting his wife, 33.
A Madison Avenue man, 40, was charged with drug abuse, possession of a drug abuse instrument and possession of drug paraphernalia May 17. Police said he had a hypodermic syringe containing morphine and several needles.
A Roberts Middle School eighth-grader and a Lincoln Elementary School fifth-grader were charged with criminal mischief May 20, accused of vandalizing Lincoln school with white spray paint.
A Marc Drive construction company manager told police May 22 that someone broke into the company's building and stole a time clock and several time cards.
Someone broke into a locked, fenced area of a Buchholzer Boulevard store and stole 35 marine and golf cart batteries worth a total of $4,000.
Someone broke into a home May 21 in the 2300 block of 15th Street and stole jewelry valued at $10,000.
Someone broke into a garage May 19 in the 1400 block of Bancroft Street and stole a 2003 Toyota Four Runner.
A counterfeit check for $3,899 was cashed at a

########
Rank: 14
Score: 35.57649
Retrieved Text: CHICAGO (CBS) — A Lincoln Park neighborhood woman says she is fearful for people walking their dogs on the North Side after a very close encounter with a pack of coyotes Tuesday morning.
As WBBM Newsradio’s Julie Mann reports, Kate Dodge was out with her 20- and 50-pound leashed dogs, Gordy and Madara, before daybreak, when she saw the not-so-uncommon sight of coyotes near the corner of Clark Street and Armitage Avenue.
This time, she says there were three coyotes.
“They were maybe 50 feet from me, so we stopped,” she said.
Instead of moving on, Dodge said, the coyotes approached.
Terrified after one of the coyotes started staring aggressively, Dodge said she started screaming in hopes of scaring the animal away.
Once there was a break in traffic on North Clark, Dodge was able to get across the street, get to her apartment and leave the coyotes behind.
Coyote sightings in the city are not uncommon, CBS 2’s Suzanne LeMignot reports. In November last year, a coyote was caught on tape running down the middle of State Street.
In April of 2007, a coyote walked into a Quizno’s in downtown Chicago and sat in the store’s beverage cooler for about 40 minutes, before Animal Control Officers captured the coyote.
“This coyote had no fear of me,” she said.
Dodge says she is fearful for other dog owners in the area, and hopes for a quick and direct response from Chicago Animal Care and Control.
“There are, you know, 10, 15 people walking their dogs who have no idea that there’s this small pack of coyotes that

########
Rank: 15
Score: 35.57607
Retrieved Text: Sausal Creek is responsible for digging a floodplain that is rather wide just upstream from I-580. Here’s the view across it from Montana Street at MacArthur.
The squat tower just to the left of the speed limit sign is at the foot of Lincoln Avenue, and it’s at the same elevation as where I’m standing. That’s how wide the valley is. Here’s another view looking right down MacArthur.
The first cross street is Canon Avenue, the next one is Dimond Avenue leading up to the park, and beyond is the Fruitvale Avenue crossing. Here’s how the geology is mapped.
You can see that the stream valley is wide because three streams coalesce here at the edge of the Piedmont bedrock block. Restricted upstream, they enter the big alluvial fan (Qpaf) and have room to move and easy material to erode. It is curious that Sausal Creek hugs the west side of the valley; I suspect that tectonic movements may account for that, but only a decade or so of careful satellite altitude monitoring can answer my suspicion.
This entry was posted on 6 February 2013 at 1:26 pm and is filed under Oakland geology views, Sausal Creek watershed, the Fan.	You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed. You can skip to the end and leave a response. Pinging is currently not allowed.
I drive this area constantly – before it was just a hill – now I appreciate it much more.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 35.545998
Retrieved Text: 'If that pole weren't so distracting, maybe I wouldn't be hitting bicycles' -- can that possibly be the lesson here?
A bicyclist was struck along S.E. 52nd Avenue at Martins Street, at 2:26 p.m. on Friday afternoon, July 7.
Portland East Precinct officers and Portland Fire & Rescue paramedics from Woodstock Fire Station 25 responded to the scene, and found a woman down in the street.
According to witnesses, the woman had been crossing the street on her bike, when a Land Rover Discovery SUV pulling out of the Goodwill Store parking lot bumped into the biker.
Witnesses reported that the driver of the Land Rover commented aloud that, "she had hit a pole in the parking lot; that she always ends up hitting the same pole when she goes there". It was unclear how this unusual pole problem in the parking lot had led to her then bumping a bicyclist in the street.
Although the bicyclist was taken to a local hospital by ambulance, witnesses told THE BEE that it had been a relatively low-speed collision, and pointed out that the bicycle in the street didn't look badly damaged. The rider has not been publicly identified, and her condition has not been revealed, per federal privacy laws.
Officers at the scene, who were still investigating the matter, said it was unclear if the SUV's driver would be cited in the crash.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 35.429127
Retrieved Text: ‘Lincoln on the threshold of transformation’ was the theme of the seventh City Centre Masterplan conference on October 31 at Lincoln College.
The masterplan sets out a vision for the future of Lincoln, and delegates included stakeholders from the city’s councils and universities, as well as developers, businesses and community leaders.
She explained strong brands give cities more returns for less risk in a very competitive market of around 2.6 million small cities across the world.
Kate Ellis, Assistant Director of Planning and Regeneration at the City Council presented the latest on the council’s car parking strategy.
When the topic of a park and ride for Lincoln was brought up, Alan Aistrup, Head of Highways at Lincolnshire County Council, posed a dilemma for the delegates in the room.
He said it would cost around £10 million to build a park and ride system for Lincoln, which would take over 25% of the budget for buses from across the county.
“Are we able to put that amount of money into Lincoln at the expense of the county?” Alan Aistrup asked.
In her presentation, Kate Ellis clarified that park and ride would be a solution for car parking problems uphill, where there is not enough space for more development.
A location for a Lincoln park and ride has yet to be decided.
Downhill Lincoln is still under capacity, except at peak times, she said, but the City Council are looking at building a multi-storey car park on Tentercroft Street, behind the train station.
On the Lincoln park and ride and Alan Aistrup’s question, Ric Metcalfe said “It’s a

########
Rank: 18
Score: 35.334633
Retrieved Text: ROCHESTER, Indiana — The woman accused of crashing into four Indiana children as they crossed the street to get on a school bus pleaded not guilty Thursday morning, according to ABC 57 News in South Bend.
The suspect, 24-year-old Alyssa Shepherd, had previously told police she saw the lights from the bus but didn't realize what it was until the kids were in front of her. She has been charged with three counts of reckless homicide and one count of disregarding the stop arms on a school bus causing injury.
The crash happened Oct. 30, near the intersection of State Road 25 and CR 400 N in Fulton County.
Police say Shepherd was driving a Toyota Tacoma on State Road 25 sometime after 7 a.m. when she allegedly "disregarded" the stop arm and lights on a stopped school bus in front of a mobile home park, striking four kids who were crossing the street to board the bus.
Alivia Stahl, 9, and her twin brothers, Xzavier and Mason Ingle, 6, were all pronounced dead at the scene.
A fourth child was also hit. Maverik Lowe, 11, was hospitalized. His family said he "continues to improve."
A pretrial conference for Shepherd has been scheduled for Feb. 5, 2019, ABC 57 reported.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 35.291466
Retrieved Text: International ride-hailing company Uber has temporarily stopped its autonomous car testing in the United States after one of its cars hit and killed a woman on Sunday evening in Tempe Arizona while she was crossing the street.
Uber stated that the car was in autonomous mode with a safety driver at the wheel during the crash. According to serveilance video, the 47-year old woman was not in a crosswalk when she was hit and the street was not well illuminated. An investigation regarding liability is still underway.
“Some incredibly sad news out of Arizona. We’re thinking of the victim’s family as we work with local law enforcement to understand what happened,” Uber CEO Dara Khosrowshahi tweeted following the accident.
This is likely the first pedestrian fatality caused by a self-driving car.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 35.287148
Retrieved Text: We’re spending $833,425 so an acre of Lincoln Park can be paved, even though a measly $500/day rents 100+ parking spots from the DMV across the street.
I called Gil Cedillo’s field office in Highland Park last week to find out more about the paving of over an acre of the interior of Lincoln Park for a new, unneeded, $833,425 parking lot for patrons and staff at Plaza de la Raza.
I heard back from one of his deputies. His office promises to manage construction in the park so that pedestrians in the area are safe. I imagine their management couldn’t do much worse than letting people drive in through an unpoliced entrance to the interior of a historic park. I guess we’ll see.
As to the mechanics of why this parking lot is being built … it is just sort of a shoulder shrug from the authorities. Walking around the park is atrocious – utility poles block access; high-speed arterial street designs make it dangerous; crossing points are few and far between with long delays to wait for signals; curb ramps are in short supply or nonexistent. Within the park, the pavement is gravelly, uneven, broken with gaps that make it unusable for those with not fit and able to jump over cracks. The bathrooms are rarely cleaned. The playground dotted with deferred maintenance, smears of melted ice cream from weekends long past. Concession stands long closed. A pool that has been drained. A carousel sold off for parts. A boathouse shuttered forever.
The cost to rent the large

########
Rank: 21
Score: 35.286144
Retrieved Text: Transit Police report arresting a Dorchester man on charges he went up to a woman bending to pick up a baby stroller on a trolley, ground his pelvis into her and made a lewd comment.
Police charged Joseph George, 37, with indecent assault and battery for the incident, which happened on a trolley near North Station around noon on Sept. 12.
Police say the woman was traveling with three young children at the time.
After an investigation, police found George on Monday and placed him under arrest.
This guy has been creeping on women at Park Street and aggressively demanding money on the Red Line for months. Normally wears a red/orange vest and a black dew rag. Guy is well over 6 feet tall.
He usually speaks politely and tagets college student, tourists, women. But, I heard him whining one day.witt another guy about how he hated white people because they were 'mean', whatever that means in mind. He's obviously mentally ill.
I see this garbage bag lurking around T stations all over the city constantly, leering at women, leaning towards them and muttering. A constant menace. He needs to be disposed of.
he's usually at park street around 5 PM. He routinely asks people for money, and when they decline, he goes nuts screaming at them.
I've been seeing this guy since I was in high school in like 2010 his homebase is Mattapan station but he can be found on buses in Dorchester and at Park Street. He'll have Adidas on.
Does anyone know why the Transit Police closed the police office at

########
Rank: 22
Score: 35.13028
Retrieved Text: People making their way down Spring Bank this evening have said they are “not shocked but very sad” after a woman was allegedly hit by a car.
The road has been closed in both directions from Park Street to Louis Street since just after 6pm, with police and paramedics rushing to the scene.
Traffic and buses are being turned around by officers.
In April 2016, Zena Jackson and her daughter, Cidalia, were tragically killed just steps away from tonight’s scene, after being struck by a lorry while on a pedestrian crossing near Stanley Street.
It seems the heart-breaking loss is still never far from people’s minds as they see other incidents unfold on the street.
One onlooker said: "I&apos;ve lived here for 20 years and that little road [Norwood Street] is awful. No cars ever slow down. They think because it is a dead end nobody uses it.
"My kids had walked over to Tesco and when I heard there was an accident I ran out of work worried.
"After that lady got hit on the crossing it makes me so worried them crossing anywhere near there.
"This whole end of the street is just awful. Nobody looks properly."
Shop owners along the street, opposite Iceland supermarket, didn’t see what had happened, but one said he was “used to seeing flashing lights”.
One passer-by, who did not want be named, said: "When that lady and little girl got killed I was the first person there. I was coming out of work at Jackson&apos;s bakery and I put the blanket over them.
“It has stayed with me ever

########
Rank: 23
Score: 34.833622
Retrieved Text: Marjorie Sewell Cautley (1891-1954), the landscape architect who designed the plantings across the Sunnyside Gardens Historic District, was recognized with an honorary New York City street sign on November 21, 2015. An enthusiastic multitude from around the city and across the country gathered at 45th Street and Skillman Avenue to applaud when Lee Hill, Cautley's granddaughter, and Dr. Thaïsa Way, the foremost scholar of Cautley’s career, joined City Council Majority Leader Jimmy Van Bramer to unveil the new sign. Former Parks Commissioner Adrian Benepe spoke admiringly of the woman he believes to be the first landscape architect honored in this way by the City. She is the second of Sunnyside Gardens' planners awarded this distinction, following Lewis Mumford.
Left, By her late 30s (about 1930), Marjorie Sewell Cautley had completed her landscapes for Sunnyside Gardens and would soon undertake those for Phipps Garden Apartments; courtesy #4908, Division of Rare and Manuscript Collections, Cornell University Library. Right, our local paparazzi spring as her street sign is revealed; photo by Arthur Pearson.
One of the first generation of women to break into the predominantly male profession of landscape architecture, Cautley earned her B.S. degree from Cornell University in 1917. Various projects before the mid 1920s led to her joining the distinguished group of men who were building Sunnyside Gardens. Over the next 12 years, she designed the famous landscapes in Sunnyside Gardens, Phipps Garden Apartments, Radburn in New Jersey, and Hillside Homes in the Bronx. Eighty years ago this year, she published her book, Garden Design. Her legacy includes articles

########
Rank: 24
Score: 34.797085
Retrieved Text: Pedestrian critically injured while crossing street in Lansing Twp.
Pedestrian critically injured while crossing W. Saginaw St. in Lansing Twp.
The crash happened around 3 p.m. on West Saginaw Highway, just east of Waverly Road, Kline said.
LANSING TWP. - A pedestrian was seriously injured when she was hit by the side mirror of a dump truck while crossing a busy road on Tuesday afternoon.
Lansing Township police Chief Adam Kline said the woman, 41, was in critical condition at a local hospital on Wednesday.
The crash happened around 3 p.m. on West Saginaw Street, just east of Waverly Road, Kline said.
The woman was not within a crosswalk area, and the driver of the truck was not at fault, he said.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 34.753967
Retrieved Text: Popular Park Cities personal trainer Michele Albanese was killed Friday afternoon while crossing the street.
Popular Park Cities Personal Trainer Killed By Car. Michele Albanese was crossing the street at Travis and Armstrong, near the gym where she worked, around 12:30 pm Friday afternoon, when she was struck by a car going north on Travis Street. Police say Albanese was not at a crosswalk, failed to look both ways, and was talking on her phone when she was killed. The police have not released details about the driver of the vehicle. Very sad.
Dallas Makes Garth Brooks Feel Our Love. We’ve missed him in the two decades since the country singer last stopped by. It’s going to take seven shows at the American Airlines Center to accommodate the demand for tickets.
Boy Scouts End Ban On Gay Leaders Today. That’s the good news from the Irving-based organization, which will also ban discrimination based on sexual orientation for its paid positions. The bad news is that the new policy will still “allow church-run units to pick leaders who agree with their moral precepts,” according to the Morning News.
You Can All Officially Complain About The Heat Now. Dallas-Fort Worth achieved its first 100 degree day of the season over the weekend.
So Long. And thanks for all the fish. This is my last Leading Off, and after many years, my last day with D is this Friday. The September issue will be my last as the magazine’s managing editor. It’s been a fun and instructive ride, and I will remember you all

########
Rank: 26
Score: 34.715057
Retrieved Text: You don’t need a lush garden or an expansive park to create a haven for pollinators. So why not make one right through Downtown Lincoln?
That’s the idea behind the 13th Street Pollinator Flyway, which is in the works to become a reality this Spring.
The community project was conceived by Nebraska Wildlife Federation's Carolyn Butler, Monarch Butterfly and Other Pollinator Program Director. It entails planting native pollinator plants in the 67 permanent planting beds that line 13th Street along the eight-block stretch between R Street and the Lincoln Mall.
Lincoln will follow the footsteps of other successful urban flyways in cities like Chicago and Austin.
Butler was inspired to create a longer downtown flyway after she helped put together a small pollinator garden and educational signage in front of the Foundry coworking space on 14th street.
By establishing native pollinator plants in the beds such as milkweed, which is the only plant monarchs lay their eggs on and the only plant monarch caterpillars will eat, the flyway will become an effective habitat for pollinators—that is, the birds, bees, butterflies and moths that cause plants to produce fruits and seeds and are essential to our ecosystem.
Think about the flyway as a safe rest stop for butterflies, as well as a space to educate the public about pollinators in peril and the value of planting water-wise, perennial native plants that support Nebraska’s biodiversity.
With the help of University of Nebraska-Lincoln environmental studies students, the Downtown Lincoln Association will design and oversee the planting of beds and long-term maintenance. The chemical-free native plants will

########
Rank: 27
Score: 34.704914
Retrieved Text: A woman working her first day at a new job as died while crossing a MA street to visit a friend for lunch. "She crossed the first lane of traffic and there was a vehicle coming on the right.
This is the seventh homicide victim of the year in Hamilton. The men, only described as one being taller than the other, ran eastward down Barton Street.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 34.62509
Retrieved Text: We'll all just have to wait - just like in the old days!
Large queues of waiting pedestrians are being seen on Lincoln High Street after the bridge was closed for repairs.
Dozens of people were seen standing outside the British Heart Foundation charity shop yesterday afternoon, Wednesday, October 4, at around 2pm.
It comes after the footbridge closed on Sunday, October 1 for two months while it is repaired.
Rail engineers say they need to carry out "essential improvement work" at the level crossing and footbridge.
There has been a mixed reaction since the installation of the footbridge.
Many people complained about the delays while waiting at the level crossing, but since the footbridge was installed, queues have still be seen building at the barrer.
One man waiting when the train barrier went down on Wednesday said they would just wait.
“I don’t use the bridge very often as it can be very dangerous with leaves and water," he said.
One woman said she too would be largely unaffected by the closure.
“I rarely go down there. But if I do, I don’t use it as I have a pushchair with me, and the lift takes about twenty minutes.
However, it would seem not all are satisfied that it will be closed.
Speaking after the closure was announced on September 22, one man told Lincolnshire Live : “It’s a bit of a farce - and it’s hard to understand, to be honest. It’s just opened.
"How were these issues not resolved before? In truth, it’s fantastic that we finally have a way of avoiding the wait for the

########
Rank: 29
Score: 34.478703
Retrieved Text: Go around the traffic and turn off at Second Street.
Follow Second Street to the entrance to Peace Arch Park.
After leaving the Peace Arch port of entry from Highway 99.
Stay to the right and immediately get off I-5 at exit 276 for Blaine, WA.
Go around the traffic circle and get onto D Street (heading under I-5).
At the second traffic circle, turn off onto Second Street.
Follow Second Street to the entrance of Peace Arch Park.
Should the parking lot reach capacity, parking is also available on the street outside of the park.
Pedestrians may walk freely between the Canadian Peace Arch Provincial Park and US Peace Arch State Park, provided they do not leave the confines of the two parks. Visitors from Canada can park in the parking lot on the Canadian side of the park and walk to the Festival on the US side without going through the border checkpoint.
On Highway 99 south, just prior to the duty free store at Peace Arch Border crossing, turn right onto Beach Road. Then take first left into the driveway that leads to the parking lot for Peace Arch Provincial Park.

================



======= Instance Index 3530 =========
Input Text: Read the following conversation and answer the question.

Car Salesman: Oh. Hi there. A beauty, isn't she?

Woman: Well ...

Car Salesman: Do you want to take her a test ride?

Woman: Well ... Um. How old is it?

Car Salesman: Well, it's only three years old?

Woman: And what's the mileage?

Car Salesman: Uh, let me check. Oh yes. 75,000 miles.

Woman: 75,000 miles? That's quite a bit for a car that's only three years old.

Car Salesman: Well, once you're in the driver's seat, you'll fall in love with her. Get in.

Woman: Ugh ... Uh, I can't seem to get the door open. [Ah, it's okay.] It could be broken.

Car Salesman: Ah, just give her a little tap. Ugh. Now she's opened.

Woman: Great. A door I have to beat up to open.

Car Salesman: Hey. Get in and start her up. [Woman tries to start the car ...]

Car Salesman: [Um] Well, it's probably the battery. I know she has enough gas in her, and I had our mechanic check her out just yesterday. Try it again.

Woman: Uh. It sounds a little rough to me. [Well ...] How much is this minivan anyway?

Car Salesman: Oh. It's a real bargain today and tomorrow only at $15,775, plus you get the extended warranty covering defects, wear, and tear beyond the normal maintenance on the vehicle for an extra $500 for the next 30,000 miles. [Oh ...] with a few minor exclusions.

Woman: Like ...?

Car Salesman: Well, I mean, it covers everything except for the battery, and light bulbs, and brake drums, exhaust system, trim and moldings, upholstery and carpet, paint, tires ... Well, a short list, you know.

Woman: Uh. Well, almost $16,000 is a little out of my price range, plus the seats covers are torn a little.

Car Salesman: Well, hey, I might be able to talk the manager into lowering the price another two hundred dollars, but that's about all.

Woman: No thanks. I think I'll just keep looking.

Question: What is one thing the extended warranty would NOT cover on the vehicle according to the conversation? 

- a faulty oil pump

- a malfunctioning gage

- a worn out brake drum

Target Text: a worn out brake drum

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 38.769142
Retrieved Text: Discussion in 'Forced Induction' started by alanking37327, Sep 20, 2008.
I recently purchased a BMW 2007 335 with Dinan stage 2 and exhaust enhancements. I wanted to purchase the certified pre-owned program (CPO) upgrade from the dealer, as this was my first BMW.
The dealer produced a letter from BMW that stated effective 9/1/08 BMW would not offer CPO certification on any vehicle with non BMW performance modifications. This issue has to do with vehicles not passing EPA emission checks and owners expecting BMW warranty to fix the problems.
There is no upgrade. Vehicles are supposed to be CPO - or not. Dealers are not supposed to peddle the CPO program as an upgrade to begin with.
Nor should they cover cars with such mods. But the issue isn't really limited to emissions inspections, esp. not from the EPA since cars don't get tested by the EPA after they are in service.
Rather, performance modifications are likely to produce premature wear of other components and BMW correctly doesn't wish to be on the hook for that.
I bought a used 2000 VW New Beetle for my daughter in 2004, and the dealer had several cars on the lot that met the criteria but they didn't put them through the CPO inspection unless the customer wanted the CPO. They basically said it would add $200 to the price and I went for it. It turned out to be a great deal, as nobody knew until the first snowstorm after I bought it (while taking it in for its first service) that half of

########
Rank: 1
Score: 38.236694
Retrieved Text: Driving to your home in a car you just purchased is a great experience. However, the process of purchasing that car can be rather stressful. Making sure you get the best deal means spending a bit of time researching what might be in your budget and comparing the various makes and models.
That being said, when it comes to the time when you have to talk about the contract, many people might not have taken an extended warranty into consideration.
If you happen to be purchasing a new car, it more than likely comes with a warranty that is included in the price of the car. With a used car though, you need to determine if an extended warranty is worth the money. When it comes to buying this type of warranty, it comes down to what you are willing to risk.
Because of this, it is critical for you to take a close look at the pros and cons of this type of warranty to figure out whether or not you are willing to pay the price.
Cheaper than having to pay for having it fixed when you experience a breakdown.
Coverage can give you peace of mind.
You will be better able to budget your vehicle expenses.
Extended warranties can cover pricey technology and costly repairs.
Dealers are the ones who take care of the payments and paperwork.
Not every repair will be covered.
You might have to only use certain repair shops.
This type of warranty can be a bit pricey.
The price of this type of warranty can vary depending on things like the

########
Rank: 2
Score: 36.784695
Retrieved Text: Can I Get A Used Car Warranty?
Every car buyer looks for reliability in a vehicle purchase, but even the most reliable and well-built vehicles can suffer unpredictable damage from accidents and wear-and-tear. While most new car purchases typically include some type of warranty coverage, used cars generally do not unless a seller or dealership(like us) offers some type of promotion. Many cars will not qualify for warranty coverage, but if a used car seller offers extended warranty protection on a used vehicle, it may be worth considering.
Most used vehicle purchases will not offer any kind of warranty except perhaps a free year or two of oil changes and inspections, but that does not mean warranties are completely unavailable for used vehicle purchases. Some insurance carriers offer extended warranties (also commonly called vehicle service contracts) for used vehicles, but these carriers generally restrict which vehicles qualify for warranty coverage. While it may save money to buy a used vehicle that’s ten or more years old, an insurance carrier may be unwilling to offer warranty coverage for an older vehicle more prone to maintenance issues.
The majority of new vehicle purchases include “bumper to bumper” warranty coverage that generally applies to any mechanical failures a new vehicle might experience. However, most new vehicles rarely encounter mechanical issues unless there are recalls associated with them; vehicle manufacturers are generally quick to identify and address defects, and a recall on your vehicle generally means a free replacement or repair to fix the issue. The warranty coverage on most new cars rarely

########
Rank: 3
Score: 35.141083
Retrieved Text: What things really void your vehicle warranty?
A while back we made a joke about voiding the warranty on the van by cutting a hole in the roof. Some people took it seriously and we still get questions about what really is OK to do on a van conversion without voiding the manufacturer’s warranty.
The short answer is, it’s completely up to your dealer and Mercedes what they say they will cover or not cover, but knowing what the manufacturer warranty claims to cover and knowing what the law states about warranties is a good starting point for any warranty-based claim you might need to make.
Although the dealer might want you to think you need to use them for all your regular services in order to “keep your warranty,” it’s just not true. All you need to do is provide documentation that shows the vehicle was maintained in line with the manufacturer’s recommendations, using the correct quality of components, fluids, and such like.
Nothing you do to the van automatically voids the warranty. The manufacturer has to prove that your modification was the cause of the issue that started the warranty-related claim. Most things you do are unlikely to cause this type of problem.
Warranties cover defects, not damage. If you broke something while you were working on your conversion, that’s your problem. If it broke while the van was just driving along (and not because something you added dropped on it), it’s most likely Mercedes’ problem.
The factory warranty is good for 3 years or 36,000 miles, which ever happens

########
Rank: 4
Score: 34.8337
Retrieved Text: An extended auto warranty is a service contract between the. factory warranty, such as trip interruption insurance and.
they now want to talk you into buying extended warranties and RV Insurance. If you do fall into this trap, you make even more.
Buy used car warranties from just £99. Choose between Complete or Ultimate products to protect yourself from unexpected repair bills with car warranty cover.
Discover the features and benefits of our extended warranties. With flexible warranties to suit you, ensure peace of mind and cover your car components today.
What is an Extended Warranty for your Car? An extended car warranty is a product that extends the term of the original warranty provided by the manufacturer of a vehicle.
Extend the life of your vehicle for up to seven years or 100,000 miles. How many times have you heard stories about cars breaking down right after the warranty.
How many threads are there on the forums about removing weight from your, oh let’s say 3500 pound, car. When asked about warranty coverage for these vehicles, Lotus indicated that “There is an elem.
Discount Warranties will help you find an extended auto warranty plan that will pay for. If you were buying auto insurance. would you only call one provider?
When you get your service contract, the manufacturer's warranty expiration will not be a problem. Learn more on MAPFRE.
Not including insurance and gasoline, I have driven that car for about ten cents per mile. some rust proofing and other protections I chose to have and an extended warranty for about $1,000 (6 year.
The

########
Rank: 5
Score: 34.75425
Retrieved Text: Chevy asks their drivers to “Find New Roads.” One of America’s oldest and most popular automakers challenges their owners to find new paths just like they do every day through innovation and progress. And drivers of this particular make take pride in their vehicle’s ability to take them where they need to go, whichever way they want to get there. Many drivers say that there’s a special bond between Chevy owners and their cars, so it’s no wonder why Chevrolet drivers would want to protect their precious vehicles. But after your Chevrolet manufacturer’s warranty expires, Endurance can find new roads your Chevy can take you towards your savings thousands on auto repairs for your car, something you couldn’t do without a Chevrolet extended warranty.
But, did you know that most drivers actually choose a third-party provider to protect their vehicles? Why not get the same protection you had on your vehicle for a lower price with added perks?
These third-party service plans are called vehicle service contracts. They work just like the coverage you had on your car when it was brand new off the lot: parts, labor, and taxes for the repair are paid for. When your manufacturer’s auto protection has expired, wouldn’t it be nice if Chevy would lend a helping hand and cover your repairs? Unfortunately, they won’t. This is why you need extended coverage.
In fact, these vehicle service contracts are the same contracts that the dealerships sell but are less expensive because they come directly to the consumer and eliminate the middleman.
Does Chevrolet Offer

########
Rank: 6
Score: 34.53342
Retrieved Text: Click here to view and buy coverage plans and services instantly!
If you haven’t re-registered for AutoGard 2.0, please click here to do so!
Call 866-217-5309 now to Start a Claim.
Why is AutoGard so inexpensive? Does it cover less than a dealership vehicle service contract?
The extended warranties and vehicle service contracts sold by dealerships are almost always marked up an extra $1000 or more, to make up for the lack of profit made by the dealership on the actual vehicle itself. The insured exclusionary contract used by AutoGard provides the best possible coverage available, exactly like the “platinum” coverage offered by dealerships. In short: We cost less because we skip the unnecessary dealership commission, while we cover the same or more than any other warranty on the market. AND, we don’t use hard sales tactics.
In an effort to compete and win business back, many property and casualty agents conducted exhaustive research in the Finance and Insurance (F&I) industry. At the same time, these agents partnered with experts in the field of F&I to determine where the competition is vulnerable.
That’s where AutoGard comes in: it’s a turn-key solution for insurance agents of all shapes and sizes that is a significant revenue generator. Insurance agents are a natural referral source for recognizing when a customer could be a good fit for a vehicle service contract. Any insurance agent worth their salt is one of the first people on the planet to know when their customer is buying–or has bought–a different vehicle. AutoGard provides a simple-to-refer, quality product that is purposefully

########
Rank: 7
Score: 34.47999
Retrieved Text: A Bumper-to-Bumper warranty is also known as a new car warranty, a wrap program, or an exclusionary policy, and is the most comprehensive coverage you can buy. These vehicle warranty policies cover so many parts and components that the policy will only list the items that are not covered.
The majority of bumper-to-bumper warranties will also include or offer as options added benefits and coverages such as towing, 24/7 roadside assistance, car rental and travel interruption reimbursement, wear and tear, seals and gaskets, and hi-tech electronic equipment coverage.
Even through these policies are called "bumper-to-bumper", do not cover every single component on your vehicle from bumper to bumper. Make sure you read the policy to see exactly what is not covered. A bumper to bumper warranty is the most extensive coverage you can buy .
Wear and Tear coverage means that parts do not have to break for you to be covered. Should a part or component wear out prematurely it is covered. Wear is defined as "can no longer perform the function for which it was designed solely because of its condition".
When the part or component has worn beyond the manufacturer's tolerances allowed for a particular vehicle at the mileage when the problem occurs the part or component is covered.
Parts that are considered "normal maintenance" parts are not covered under a Wear and Tear option. These would be items like brake pads, shoes, drums or rotors, and manual clutches.
Stated Component coverage, also known as an inclusionary policy, is an extended warranty that covers most of the major parts

########
Rank: 8
Score: 34.250282
Retrieved Text: If you've got a new auto possibilities are your auto has an Extended Warranty. In fact, many used vehicles that are purchased from an agent even have a warranty presently. In simple language a warranty is a binding document that states if certain issues arise with your vehicle then the dealership is required to fix these issues at no cost to you, the owner. A warranty can cover and be valid for a selection of time frames and can cover a selection of different issues and if you own a car, a warranty can help to save you tons of cash on dear auto repairs. If you'd like to learn about all of the different types of auto warranties, the following info will permit you to choose the right car warranty for you.
1. Manufacturer's Warranty. A manufacturer's warranty, sometimes called a basic warranty, is the type of warranty that is given by the maker of the vehicle you purchase. These types of warranties cover the basic components of a car that tend to break down due to ordinary damage and they're usually only valid for one or two years after you get an auto. A Manufacturer's warranty does cover many possible vehicle part issues, but it does not cover tires or battery replacement.
Two. Agent Warranty. Although many people often confuse a manufacturer's warranty with an agent warranty, these 2 types of warranties are different in that the latter is offered by the dealership where you purchase your car. An agency warranty often covers the same kinds

########
Rank: 9
Score: 34.125267
Retrieved Text: Don't Wait. Buy Now and Save.
There are a lot of rumors going around that if you wait to get extended vehicle warranty coverage, you'll be covered for a longer amount of time. If vehicle service plans (extended auto warranties) were based only on calendar days then this would be true... However, the truth is that extended car warranties are often more closely connected to a vehicle's age and mileage. That means if you want the best level of protection for the longest amount of time, it's smart to buy sooner rather than later.
Auto labor rates have risen $15 to $20 an hour in just a few years. But your extended vechicle warranty plan today and be protected against rising futures costs.
Vehicle service agreements (also known as extended warranty plans) are designed to offer similar peace of mind by literally extending the length of time a customer can expect to receive such coverage.
Maybe an extended vehicle warranty seems like a big cost right now. Or, maybe you believe that whatever small things may go wrong with your vehicle, it probably won't cost as much as a vehicle service contract or extended auto warranty. The startling truth is that it only takes one expensive system or component to fail in your vehicle to make an extended warranty worth every penny. And, the longer you wait, the higher the costs will be for future repairs, too. The time is already right to cover your vehicle with a Warranty Direct extended vehicle warranty plan.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 33.530994
Retrieved Text: Is Paying for an Extended Car Warranty or Protection Plan Worth It?
Home/Extended Vehicle Warranties/Is an Extended Car Warranty Worth It?
Have you heard of or considered an extended car warranty or vehicle protection plan? Did you decide against one because you simply didn’t think it was worth it? Many people have heard of an extended car warranty but aren’t exactly sure what it is or if they should spend money on it.
Let me start by explaining what an extended car warranty or vehicle protection plan is. Although both of these terms mean slightly different things, based on who backs them, both are essentially an extended service contract that covers the cost of certain repairs and problems after the original manufacturer’s warranty expires.
Lump Sum vs. Monthly Payment. Raise your hand if you have at least $1,000 sitting in the bank that you can use today to pay for a large car repair bill. Anyone? Anyone? Bueller? A majority of people simply don’t have that much extra cash ready to go in the event of a large bill so it ends up going on a credit card. Many vehicle protection plans, however, offer convenient and budget-friendly monthly payments and then will cover a majority of the costs for many vehicle repairs. This means that you are not faced with an unexpected large bill.
24-hour Roadside Assistance. If you want 24-hour roadside assistance, your main choice is to pay for AAA. Or, you can get an extended car warranty or vehicle protection plan that includes it as part of the plan!

########
Rank: 11
Score: 33.47549
Retrieved Text: Your vehicle is an investment in your future. It takes you where you need to go as you pursue your dreams. Autos are often seen as status symbols and they are usually a sign of independence for teen drivers and young adults. They give us the freedom to go almost anywhere that we want to go.
Regular maintenance is important to help keep your car running for as long as possible. Oil changes, tire rotations and fluid checks are just some of the routine tasks that should be performed every several months. Replacing tires, windshield wipers, and other parts are necessary expenses for peak performance.
One thing that car buyers should consider are warranties. Warranties usually cover basic maintenance items from top to bottom over the period of about three to five years or so. They are a great option for first-time car buyers or people who don’t have the time or aptitude to perform basic car maintenance and repairs by themselves. There are also extended car warranties that are available on new and used vehicles.
Car warranties can vary by car make, model and manufacturer. There are many companies that offer car warranties. Here’s a guide to the most reputable extended car warranty companies. Take some time to read through the terms and coverage options carefully before signing any paperwork. This can help you be prepared for any out of pocket costs that may not be covered by the warranty.
1. They cover repairs that can be expensive.
One of the main reasons why people buy extended car warranties are

########
Rank: 12
Score: 33.236767
Retrieved Text: Welcome, by logging in you can select and securely complete the purchase of your vehicle service contract in just a few simple steps. If at any point you have questions or would like to discuss other coverage options, feel free to contact your warranty representative.
Never buy a warranty over the phone without first seeing the contract. If an extended warranty company will not show the contract prior to purchase, they have something to hide. Many companies will claim to have bumper-to-bumper coverage when they are really offering you a low-end powertrain plan and just using the term bumper-to-bumper. Beware of phone scams!
Never buy a warranty over the phone when strong arm tactics are used to persuade you to buy today. For example, if a warranty salesperson tells you they will put you on a blacklist of any kind that would prevent you from being able to purchase a policy in the future, DO NOT BUY FROM THAT COMPANY. No such list exists. That is a common scam!
Warranty Buyers Beware — A warranty company should always have a secure way to provide credit card or personal information as at least one option for providing payment details. Always ask if the company has secure online checkout.
You should never have to worry about haggling. Every customer should get the same price as the next customer who has the same vehicle and mileage. Prices shouldn't change daily. Beware of bogus sales! Why should some customers get a sale price while you pay in full?
If you’re not reviewing coverage when shopping

########
Rank: 13
Score: 33.109047
Retrieved Text: When purchasing a vehicle, automobile extended warranties can offer many benefits that are well worth the investment.
Commonly referred to as “automobile extended warranty”, when sold by a third-party, the product is considered a vehicle service contract or mechanical breakdown insurance depending upon the state in which you reside. For simplicity, we will continue to use the terms “extended car warranties”, “mercury extended warranties”, etc., for the remainder of this article.
Basically, extended warranties are like insurance for your car. But, like any other form of insurance, it is important to do the research and find the best deal for your situation, taking into consideration the age and reliability of your vehicle, as well as your lifestyle, your finances, and how long you plan to keep the car before purchasing a new one. Remember to take the time to ask important questions such as deductible amounts, reliability ratings, and claim procedures so you know exactly what you are paying for and what to expect if you need to use the coverage.
Some extended warranty plans have received a lot of criticism, but by doing your homework, you can avoid bad experiences and ensure that you are receiving the best coverage for your money. Good extended warranties offer many advantages that make them a wise choice for car owners.
1. Extended and Supplemental Coverage.
Manufacturers’ original warranties are limited, and the length of this coverage can vary for different parts or systems within the vehicle. An extended warranty not only goes beyond the age and mileage outlined in the original warranty, it

########
Rank: 14
Score: 33.07188
Retrieved Text: Purchasing a vehicle is exciting, but it can also be confusing with negotiations and optional add-ons. An extended auto warranty, also known as a service protection plan, covers some repairs not covered by the manufacturer’s warranty. We researched the best extended auto warranty companies in Oklahoma City to give you insight about warranty shopping.
We thoroughly researched company reputation, plans, and installation options.
A new vehicle typically comes with a manufacturer's warranty that expires after a certain time period or mileage. An extended auto warranty bridges the gap for repairs not covered by the manufacturer during or after the manufacturer's warranty expires. It is an optional add-on that can be purchased for new or used cars.
Driving around Oklahoma City, you are bound to hit potholes, especially in rural areas. An extended car warranty gives you additional protection against damages from potholes and other road hazards.
Understand that an extended auto warranty, also known as a vehicle service protection plan, is not a warranty from the manufacturer. Even though it offers protection for repairs, there are some typical exclusions.
Extended auto warranties typically cover wear and tear on vehicles, helpful for Oklahoma City residents exposed to our famous severe weather. Hail damage, winds and hazardous road conditions due to storms take a toll on your vehicle, making an extended warranty good to have when sunny skies go dark.
Policy cost is not the only financial consideration. Companies selling extended auto warranty in OKC charge a deductible before paying for the repair. Deductibles typically range from $50 to $200. If a company requires

########
Rank: 15
Score: 32.970825
Retrieved Text: Do you have a success story? Tell us what you think!
With our comprehensive line of services, providing you with efficient coverage has never been easier. Learn what our clients are saying about True Auto Protection!
I have to thank you for how your employees handled my claim this past week. I bought an auto extended warranty from you several months ago. Two weeks ago, my Tahoe just stopped. When I took it to the dealership, they told me that my engine was shot and I was looking at a $4,000 repair bill. I showed the claims guy my extended warranty papers, and he told me that he has worked with True Auto Protection before and has had no problems with them. A few minutes later we got the approval on the claim from your staff for the entire claim. I did not have to pay a nickel! It is such a relief when things go they way they are supposed to.
I would like to let you know that I contacted True Auto Protection today and that Richard Flores provided me with exceptional customer service. My father passed away recently and I am Executrix of his estate. I called in to find out information about my dad's extended warranty (contract #2994398DTA) for his 2016 Buick Terrain - if there was a balance owing, information about the warranty, if the warranty was transferable, etc.
The first thing Richard did before he answered any of my questions was to express his sympathies for my/our loss and I could hear the genuine

########
Rank: 16
Score: 32.908108
Retrieved Text: On 1st March it is the fifth anniversary of my Yaris' first registration and the end of the 5 year warranty. I am planning on keeping the car for a while longer and considering Toyota's extended warranty. I do have written conformation that the CVT is covered in spite of that not being mentioned in their list of what is covered.
Does anyone have any experience of his warranty? e.g. have you made a claim using it and was that claim successful? We do read that extended warranties are usually not worth it, primarily third party car warranties where every effort is made to wriggle out of any claims. e.g. not covered, wear and tear etc..
Is the Toyota warranty any different?
I took out a Toyota warranty but have not had to use it yet. I got 2 years for the price of one at £354. The actual warranty terms says everything is covered except for the stated exceptions - mainly wear and tear type stuff IIRC, but not CVT or electrics. Warranty provider is Toyota and it is a "Manufacturer equivalent cover ".
Bear in mind that the Toyota Extended Warranty incl. Toyota Roadside Asistance for the term of the cover so if the 2 years for the price of 1 deal is still available that is worth ~£150 on it's own making the cost of the warranty effectively only £100 per year. TEW is as good an extended warranty as you are going to get & better than most.
On the other hand a petrol Yaris is normally

########
Rank: 17
Score: 32.73192
Retrieved Text: Enjoy the reassurance and instinctive ease with us.
With Mercedes-Benz 4-Year Warranty, you don’t have to worry about any unexpected repair costs.
We offer 2-Year Manufacturer Warranty and 2-Year In-Country Extended Warranty, a mirror image to Manufacturer Warranty with unlimited mileage coverage.
The Extended Limited Warranty Programme offers 1-year & 2-year plans for you to choose from.
You will be enjoying additional 1-year or 2-year extended warranty with unlimited mileage coverage.
When you decide to sell your Mercedes-Benz, the Extended Limited Warranty will help you to get a better price for it.
In unlikely event that the part should be faulty, all Mercedes-Benz parts that are replaced under this Extended Limited Warranty are also covered by an additional 24-month Mercedes-Benz Parts Warranty & will be replaced at no cost at our authorized service network.
Covers up to 6 years of vehicle age from the first vehicle registration date.
Applicable for vehicles purchased from Mercedes-Benz Malaysia & its authorized dealer network only.
Applicable for selected models listed in this brochure only.
Applicable for vehicle with mileage less than 125,000 kilometers on the odometer at the point of purchase. Digital photo of odometer must be submitted together with the vehicle inspection checklist (if applicable).
Applicable for vehicle within 0 - 4 years old (from vehicle first registration date) with valid 4-Year Mercedes-Benz Standard.
Warranty at the point of purchase. The Extended Limited Warranty shall commences immediately upon the expiry of the 4-Year Mercedes-Benz Standard Warranty.
- Vehicle inspection (215-point check) is required and it is subject to The Insurer’s approval.
*Inspection Cost to be borne by the purchaser.
- The Extended Limited Warranty

########
Rank: 18
Score: 32.57678
Retrieved Text: Your salesperson will likely tell you that you’re crazy not to get an extended warranty. They’ll walk you through disastrous scenarios about costly repairs that are worth as much as the car you’re buying that could have been prevented if that person had only purchased an extended warranty. While these scare tactics may have some merit (in rare occasions) for most people there are a few key factors which would determine whether or not you should purchase an extended warranty.
First, your own financial situation should play heavily into your decision. If you’re at a point where a major car repair would put you in a financial crunch or leave you high and dry, a monthly payment for an extended warranty might be a smart investment. So, for example, if your job requires reliable transportation and you’re without an alternative means of getting to work, an extended warranty makes a lot of sense. What might otherwise have been a financially crippling repair could become a small deductible payment, and if your plan comes with rental car coverage you’ll still have the ability to get to work.
If you’re purchasing a lower end used car that’s in the final years of eligibility for an extended warranty, the mere math of it may not make sense. If the car is only worth a few thousand dollars, an extended warranty might make up an additional 25% or more of the purchase price. In this case, you may be better served avoiding the warranty and buying a better car with a reputation

########
Rank: 19
Score: 32.567406
Retrieved Text: Autopom extended warranty gives the most value for your money. You only need to pay $1 per 100 miles compared to paying $4 per 100 miles based on the industry average. You get the coverage options of 21 warranty plans, including exclusionary plans that can matches any manufacturer service vehicle contract.
Autopom gives you comprehensive coverage for any car including a used car warranty of up to 200,000 miles. Read on to find out why autopom! is getting the rave reviews and glowing customer feedback despite a heftier 10% downpayment compared to the 5% warranty average.
A vehicle service contract that can match benefit-for-benefit a manufacturer’s warranty. An exclusionary extended warranty covers almost all of the electrical and mechanical components of your car. Better yet, it will specifically tell you what is NOT part of your coverage.
If you are looking for a more cost-effective option that still covers most of your bases, this might be the one for you. High-Level Plans will handle a vast number of components that are within these major systems: transfer case, transmission, engine, drive axle, steering, electrical, braking, cooling, air conditioning, fuel system, gaskets, and seals.
The major systems contain named-components, and that is what mid-level plans cover. These include transmission, engine, drive axle, transfer case, differential assembly, fuel delivery, steering, suspension, braking system, and the cooling system.
This final plan will only cover specific parts that are within the major systems. Fortunately, there are other plans where you can find additional air conditioning, fuel system, and electrical coverage.
One thing that consumers have found to

########
Rank: 20
Score: 32.526585
Retrieved Text: By clicking the above button and providing your electronic signature, you consent to receive telephone calls, text messages and emails from CARCHEX at the number or email provided, which may include the use of an automatic telephone dialing system. You are not required to click the above button as a condition of purchase.
What is a powertrain and what does a powertrain warranty cover? The powertrain includes the engine, the transmission, and drivetrain, and a powertrain warranty covers the cost to repair or replace these components should they malfunction or be damaged. This is different than a bumper-to-bumper warranty, which often doesn’t last as long as a powertrain warranty but covers more systems and parts.
Your engine and all of its components will be covered. That includes crankshaft, pistons, timing belt and gears, intake and exhaust valves, and the oil pump, among other items. Other internal parts may be covered in some warranties, depending on where and how the damage occurs.
Transmission protection is standard with powertrain warranties, but you need to know the details of your contract. Usually, all internal parts like the mounts and torque converter are covered. However, a powertrain warranty often excludes cables and electrical items, so be sure to read the fine print.
Axle shafts are covered in a typical powertrain warranty, as are many of the internal parts and axle housing.
Your seals and gaskets may be covered, but not if they’re simply leaking. Other items such as chains, sprockets, and gears are usually covered by a powertrain warranty.
You won’t know what’s covered in your

########
Rank: 21
Score: 32.44301
Retrieved Text: I have a 2005 Audi A4 wagon with 33,000 miles on it. My original warranty is expiring at the end of this month. Though I have never missed a service and treat this car like a baby, I know future repairs will be expensive and thus I am considering buying an extended warranty. I love the car and plan on keeping it. I have been given a quote of roughly $3,000 for a 6 year/60,000 mile extended warranty by the dealer from which I bought it. 1) If I plan to keep the car, should I invest in an extended warranty? 2) If yes, should I shop around and what is the best way to do this? 3) Should I bargain with my dealer or are warranty prices firm? 4) Can one buy extended dealer warranties online? Thank you very much.
If you are keeping the car, buy a warranty. Ask the service department which warranty is the best. The best place to buy a warranty is from the dealer that will service your car. They will not sell you a warranty that is not a good one because of your service relationship. The price your were quoted was decent, since you are a good customer with the dealership, ask for a little off the price. DO NOT buy a warranty online, you will be wasting your money. Good Luck!
Extended Warranties are like an insurance policy...you*re not sure if you*ll ever need it but it does serve as a great peace of mind...and in some instances could

########
Rank: 22
Score: 32.415306
Retrieved Text: People these days never go anywhere without their devices. But what if you do leave your smartphone in your car for a minute, only to find it missing when you return?
What if you are working on your laptop in your favourite coffee shop, and you accidentally spill your hot beverage all over the keyboard?
As devices and gadgets become a bigger part of our lives, so grows the need for insurance coverage and other plans that offer peace of mind in case of an incident. Devices are typically very expensive to replace. Not only are they easy targets for theft, but they are typically fragile as well. According to an AT&T survey of U.S. consumers 72 percent have broken a phone, and 57 percent have broken a phone more than once.
Before you find yourself with lost, stolen or broken device with no way to seek compensation, it would be wise to take a moment to consider whether or not your devices are covered. Many people think that their insurance policy covers accidental damage to their devices, but that isn’t often the case.
Are You Covered By Your Mobile Carrier?
When it comes to smartphones and other mobile connected devices, the first layer of defense is if you purchased a protection plan from your carrier. Such plans are paid with an additional charge added to your monthly bill for a set period of time. These plans typically cover accidental damage, such as liquid spills and cracked screens. Many plans cover lost or stolen devices, but not all of them do.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 32.405014
Retrieved Text: Sometimes called an “aftermarket car warranty” or “vehicle service contract,” an extended auto warranty kicks in after your initial warranty has expired and is intended to offset the costs of expensive repairs after your vehicle’s standard manufacturer’s warranty expires. Compare what the best extended auto warranty companies have to offer.
A third-party auto warranty company that provides more affordable options than those bought through auto dealers. They offer 4 different plans directly to consumers, so you don’t have to deal with a broker.
A service contract broker that compiles competing extended auto warranty plans from different companies for you. Once you sign up, a specialist will contact you with the best offers they found fitting your criteria.
Get an extended auto warranty for up to 60 percent less than you would pay at a dealership. Get unlimited repair claims and have work done by your choice of mechanic or dealer.
Service contract broker with many plans, including high-mileage and specialty coverage. Includes 30-day guarantee and roadside assistance. Most contracts are transferable.
Select from 3 plan options with deductibles as low as $100. Covers vehicles for up to 5 years or 125,000 miles. Down payments vary. Includes roadside assistance, 36– 60-month payment terms and a 30-day money-back guarantee.
Offers 3 protection plans backed by a top-rated AM Best insurance company with max warranties of up to 8 years. Includes 24/7 roadside assistance and a 30-day guarantee. Zero deductible plans available. Down payments vary.
Offers 3 tiers of vehicle service contracts that all include 24/7 roadside assistance, rental car, flexible payment options and courtesy towing.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 32.403755
Retrieved Text: It’s no secret. There is an overwhelming amount of information–much of it conflicting–about the real value of a “Certified Pre-Owned” vehicle. To best understand all the factors, the first, and most important, thing to identify is whether or not the vehicle is still inside its Original Manufacturer’s Warranty. A list below shows all of the new vehicle warranties.
When a vehicle is still covered under the new vehicle warranty, any mechanical repairs or defects must be repaired at no charge by the new vehicle dealer. This coverage extends to not only the first owner, but any successors during this covered period.
What is not covered under the new vehicle warranty? Most manufacturers do not pay for routine maintenance like tires, brakes, and oil changes.
Audi only adds one additional year of coverage, and this coverage may not be cancelled and it has a $150 dollar fee to transfer it. There is also an $85 dollar deductible and a considerable number of listed exclusions such as Navigation and other items, which if they fail, Audi considers ‘wear and tear.’ BMW’s CPO plan only adds one year. Mercedes offers 100k additional miles, but for only one additional year.
Certified Pre-Owned cars go through a huge inspection and they are suppose to be nicer than other cars available on the market, right? This is a big misconception. While the franchise dealership should strictly adhere to the inspection list, this does not always happen. There are a lot of good dealerships and there are a lot that place profit over reconditioning.
A good used car

########
Rank: 25
Score: 32.03792
Retrieved Text: Does Car Insurance Cover Engine Failure?
A typical car insurance policy only covers repairs to your vehicle if they're related to some kind of accident. As a result, you likely won't be covered if your engine simply has a mechanical failure or other malfunction. The only exceptions are if you have special mechanical breakdown insurance coverage, you can trace the problem back to a recent accident or the damage is covered under your car's warranty.
Does Gap Insurance Pay in Case of Engine Failure?
In most cases, car insurance—even full coverage—won't cover your car's repair if it's just due to mechanical breakdown or wear and tear. There are four common types of insurance coverage that pay for repair of your car, and none of them will pay for mechanical problems: collision, comprehensive, liability and uninsured motorist.
One thing they all have in common is that they only go into effect if your car was damaged due to an external cause—none of them cover engine damage due to normal wear and tear. If you can demonstrate that a crash or other specific incident was the cause of the problem, you are likely to be able to get the damage repaired under your insurance. Otherwise, you'll be responsible for the bill yourself. Additionally, collision, comprehensive and uninsured motorist (in 28 states) coverages are optional auto insurance coverages, meaning you likely won't have them if you opted for the legal minimum level of insurance.
Other coverages, like PIP and liability (bodily injury) coverage, don't relate to your car's repair at all, and so will

########
Rank: 26
Score: 32.02012
Retrieved Text: Your car’s warranty covers any unforeseen mechanical or electrical breakdowns. Extending your warranty is a good idea if you plan to keep your car beyond the standard manufacturer’s warranty period.
As we’ve mentioned before (in our article, The difference between a maintenance plan, service plan and warranty: explained), your manufacturer’s warranty is a promise from the brand saying that the car they’ve sold you won’t give you any problems. A standard manufacturer’s warranty can be anything from three years upwards. If anything goes wrong during this period, your manufacturer will replace the part for you free of charge.
What happens when your manufacturer’s warranty expires?
When the manufacturer’s warranty expires, any mechanical or electrical breakdowns become the owner’s liability. This means you’ll be paying out of pocket - which can be extremely costly.
Not many people have the necessary cash on hand to fix these kind of things - unless you have a savings account specifically set aside for car maintenance and repairs. In fact, depending which part breaks down, you could end up high and dry with a broken car that is too expensive to fix.
That’s where an extended warranty comes in. You can extend your warranty to give you peace of mind and mitigate the risk of footing the bill in the case of a part failure.
Having an extended warranty is particularly important for people who rely on their car for work. In certain jobs (like sales representatives for example), you can’t actually afford to be without car. Warranties often include the added value of a rental car,

########
Rank: 27
Score: 31.998884
Retrieved Text: Should I buy an extended warranty? If you’ve ever bought a used car or kept a new car for over three years until the standard, manufacturer warranty expired, you’ve almost certainly asked yourself this question. If you’re struggling to find the answer, this guide should help!
What Exactly Is an Extended Warranty?
All new cars come with a manufacturer warranty, which typically lasts for three years. This warranty, minus a few exceptions, will cover anything that goes wrong with the car within that timescale.
An extended warranty from a warranty provider such as Warranty Direct, is designed to be an easy way for you to extend this coverage after the manufacturer warranty expires, giving you protection in the event of unexpected vehicle failure.
Why Not Just Get The Parts Repaired or Replaced Myself?
The cost of parts and labour can be expensive and repairs are inevitable when you own a car. Things happen! Engines, fuel pumps, radiators, and other essential car parts have an average lifespan and, without an extended warranty or a manufacturer warranty, the burden of payment will fall entirely on you!
With an extended warranty, you pay a fee up front for peace of mind that, in the case of engine failure, for example, you’ll be covered.
What’s Covered With An Extended Warranty?
At Warranty Direct, we offer a core coverage as standard with the option to add on additional cover . With the core coverage, your engine, gearboxes, transmissions, ECUs & computers, casings, supercharger, turbocharger, and flywheels & drive plates are all protected minus a few exceptions. You’ll also have

########
Rank: 28
Score: 31.96739
Retrieved Text: Automotive prolonged best extended car warranty organizations vary from each other equally as a great deal as daily life coverage companies do. It can get incredibly complicated with the typical purchaser that is looking for a fantastic deal on an extended guarantee to the auto. Some warranty coverages only cover the basic inside parts of your engine and transmission and drive practice, while others give bumper-to-bumper safety which is just as fantastic for a new motor vehicle guarantee.
Many people will not buy an car warranty mainly because they assume they are as well expensive. This is certainly just because they may have only witnessed the costs for prolonged warranties available via vehicle dealerships when getting their auto funding arranged. It’s a lot less high priced after you purchase a guarantee direct within the extended warranty firm. Additionally you help you save on finance costs once the warranty is not really included in your auto loan.
Considered one of the good benefits of getting an prolonged warranty for your automobile is the fact you hardly ever really have to be worried about key factors going poor or important mechanical failure. You understand that you will be protected if anything big ever occurs. Vehicle repairs are really high priced today and it’s not difficult to see how a $100 warranty that could swap your entire engine if it blows up, is worthwhile. That is definitely if you have a excellent automotive guarantee from a excellent organization.
There are various ripoffs out there with regards to extended vehicle warranties. If you

########
Rank: 29
Score: 31.953035
Retrieved Text: Weston Heath uses the warranty services of Customer Protect Warranty, one of the UK leading warranty suppliers to the motor trade. We have a long standing relationship with our warranty provider which enables us to supply a comprehensive cover for your vehicle in the event of a mechanical or electrical breakdown or failure for both parts and labour.
With increases in insurance premiums and rising fuel costs, car ownership is becoming more and more expensive. Plus, with maintenance and repairs crucial to the preservation of performance and resale value, keeping mobile doesn’t come cheap. With a Customer Protect warranty, you can be assured that your vehicle will be protected, potentially saving you hundreds, if not thousands of pounds. Each vehicle is supplied with a 3 month warranty, however these can be extended from a period of 6 months to 48 months.
To give you even more peace of mind our Customer Protect warranty company are now associated and work with the RAC. We can offer a high level of warranty cover and breakdown cover at a very competitive prices.
To find out more about vehicle warranty and breakdown cover at Weston Heath, please contact us.

================



======= Instance Index 5898 =========
Input Text: Read the following conversation and answer the question.

W: You know I've often wondered why people laugh at the picture of a big belly businessman slipping on a banana skin and falling on his bottom. We are to feel sorry for them.

M: Actually, Laura, I think we laugh because we are glad it didn't happen to us. But of course there is also a kind of humorous satisfaction in seeing somebody self-important making a fool of themselves.

W: Yes, and there are a lot of jokes about people who are too fat or physically handicapped, you know, deaf, or short-sighted things like that. After all, it's not really funny to be like that.

M: Oh, I think that's because we're embarrassed. We don't know how to cope with the situation. Perhaps we are even a bit frightened we may get like that, so we laugh.

M: What about the custard pie routine?

W: What do you mean 'custard pie routine'?

M: You know, all those old films where someone gets so outraged with his boss, He picks up a custard pie and plasters it all over the other person's face.

W: That never makes me laugh much, because you can guess what's going to happen. But a lot of people still find it laughable. It must because of the sort of the thing we'd all love to do once in a while and never quiet have the courage to.

M: I had an old aunt who used to throw cups of tea at people when she was particularly irritated. She said it relieved her feelings.

W: It must have come a bit expensive.

M: Not really. She took care never to throw her best china.

Question: Why does the man say we laughed when we see some self-important people making fool of themselves? 

- We simply cannot help reacting instinctively that way.

- We wish to hide our indifference to their misfortune.

- We derive some humorous satisfaction from their misfortune.

Target Text: We derive some humorous satisfaction from their misfortune.

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 38.71648
Retrieved Text: How often do we think to ourselves that the "Average" man is a "Warrior"? I think if you asked most average men if they thought they were a warrior they would say "No". But why do you think they would answer that way? Do you think some men lack the self confidence? Or maybe some men just don't see that within themselves? I'm not sure why they don't see it within themselves, but I do know what an important lesson Bruce Lee is trying to teach us with this quote.
An "Average" man can be a "Warrior" in his own life if he is willing to focus on the things that are important to him. What does it mean to have a laser like focus? Does that mean you are easily distracted by the things going on in your life? Or even the things going on around you for that matter? "No" it means that you know and accept what it is that you want in life, that you're focused and your intentions, thoughts, and actions are all pointed towards your goals.
Some people might look at this and think this a bad thing, that everyone should be more well rounded and just be content with their life. But I would beg to ask those who think this quote is bad or who are just willing to be complacent in their lives this question... If you are'nt "Living" your life and trying to make yourself better, achieve your goals, and helping others by sharing your knowledge, and helping

########
Rank: 1
Score: 36.210644
Retrieved Text: Many people attend family reunions. For some, this is a regular occurrence, for others it’s rarer. However, you can almost guarantee that something will go wrong. For example, someone’s secrets might be outed or someone might make a drunken fool of themselves. These types of situations are not uncommon! Here we have a list of awkward things that happened at family reunions. Some of them are hilarious, others are plain awful! Take a look and feel free to share any of your own reunion blunders in the comments section!
This is far too relatable!
Seems like a pretty poor move from mom. Why does the entire family need to know this private information?
Savage. We know who won this one!
This person will never be able to look at the cousin in the same way again!
Not the most appropriate thing to teach to a 5 year old! It was probably quite funny at the time though.
We bet the parents felt mortified! However, we’re sure everyone laughed it off.
Outed! And, by the sounds of it, the aunt deserved it!
Not something you want or expect to see, ever!
We can imagine these reunions are dreaded by this person!
Thank you but no thank you!
A dangerous game to play when you’re around family!

########
Rank: 2
Score: 35.543217
Retrieved Text: 1. How on earth are you ever going to explain in terms of chemistry and physics so important a biological phenomenon as first love?
2. Everything should be made as simple as possible, but not simpler.
3. Have the courage to follow your heart and intuition. They somehow know what you truly want to become.
4. You miss 100 percent shots you never take .
5. You can do anything, but not everything.
6. The third rate mind is only happy when it is thinking with the majority. The second rate mind is only happy when it is thinking with the minority. The first rate mind is only happy when it is thinking.
7. You must be the change you wish to see in the world.
8. A wise man gets more use from his enemies than a fool from his friends.
10. Do not seek to follow in the footsteps of the men of old; seek what they sought.
11. The real voyage of discovery consists not in seeking new lands but seeing with new eyes.
12. Watch your thoughts; they become words.
14. Even if you’re on the right track, you’ll get run over if you just sit there.
15. Before I got married I had six theories about bringing up children; now I have six children and no theories.
16. What we think, or what we know, or what we believe is, in the end, of little consequence. The only consequence is what we do.
17. Courage is not the absence of fear, but rather the judgment that something else is more important than fear.
18. Everyone is

########
Rank: 3
Score: 33.749817
Retrieved Text: We talk to ourselves continuously. Our brains are always in active mode. And a lot of what our mind does is to tell us about ourselves every time. This “self-talk” takes place silently, in our minds. Many people serve themselves a critical time by talking to themselves in hate speech and hard ways, this is because other people make them believe many negative things about themselves.
Talking to yourself Or self-talking is the very strange thing that will put you in harmful situations many times. Talking to yourself is a very common habit of us, and almost everyone will do it all the time. But the problem arises when it becomes 100% negative self-talk. No matter what your valid reason or excuse is, it’s going to harm your brain unconsciously and it will give negativity to your life quality directly.
Unfortunately, self-talk is negative most of the time that what is going wrong in our life. Usually, people repeat many statements to themselves like “I’m the big fool,” “I’m very selfish,” “I am dumb,” “I always do the nonsense thing,” “I will never get success in my life,” and a long list of self-demotivating talk.
The interesting thing is that you can use your self-talk habit positively too. Like many successful people always tend to use positive self-talk. You can also say it affirmation in other words. They learn how to convert self-negative talking to positive self-talk. For Example, If you lost your job or business, a negative person says to himself like, “I am a fool “or “I

########
Rank: 4
Score: 33.486824
Retrieved Text: DipShit is dumber than the puck.
. . . . so is a 300 year water circulation, 1 year repeated 300 times and the undersea volcanoes start and stop at a rate that will be seem in the weather patterns.
Just more nonsense gobbledygook from Megahurtz the forum FOOL!
Not quite sure what 'a puck' is?? The rest of the post was for people that can think for themselves, HTFuk could you get the parts mixed up.
Never mind, that is why you are you in a nutshell. You need some self-control, you are embarrassing the ones you want to impress the most.
Last edited by MHz; Jan 6th, 2019 at 11:19 AM..
Is that the Russian drill hole where they supposedly heard people burning in Hell? They even recorded the sounds.
They drilled right through to England?
Slant drilled right into the Tower of London, those Ruskies sure are devious, . . . . and good drillers.
Jim Hoft for the Gateway Pundit reports, The lunacy of the American left has worked it’s way to Middle East war refugee camps. You. Just. Can’t. Make. This. Up. Unusually cold and snowy weather battered northeastern Lebanon recently affecting 250,000 Syrian refugees.
Yeah, like it was yesterday.
I am quite pleased by my generation realizing we need to save our remaining oil for chemicals, plastics and medicines as well saving our coal for making steel and graphene by utilizing and creating new markets for some what renewable natural gas.
When it comes to the most energy with the least energy input nothing beats NG and we can pull 99.9% of

########
Rank: 5
Score: 33.295986
Retrieved Text: A man wants Jesus to settle a family squabble but finds his problem is much bigger than getting his share of an inheritance.
It’s always a little surprising to see someone in a Gospel story tell Jesus what to do (see also Lk 10:40). Here, a man calls out, “Teacher, tell my brother to share the inheritance with me.” Jesus’ response is cordial: “Friend, who appointed Me as your judge and arbitrator?” There is a touch of irony here. The man is thinking of Jesus as a wise rabbi, capable of intervening in his disagreement with his brother. We don’t know why the brothers were at odds, but we can sense something of the problem from Jesus’ reluctance to address it. Jesus is, indeed, the One Who will someday “come in glory to judge the living and the dead,” as we say in the Creed. It is in that role, as Judge of men’s souls, that Jesus tells the man a parable.
“There was a rich man whose land produced a bountiful harvest.” So far, so good. All of us have a desire to prosper in the work to which we set our hands. Those who must provide for a family are especially pleased to succeed in earning what their families need. However, this man’s success led to a superabundant harvest. It was so large that he had no place to store it. What might he have done with such excess? Certainly there were poor people in his family or community. Could he have shared his good fortune

########
Rank: 6
Score: 33.21809
Retrieved Text: ​​There are many proverbs that deal with our speech and how we govern our tongues. This is only natural since so much of our lives involve talking and using this particular set of muscles.
This particular proverb deals with the ordinary patterns of speech. It tells us that the way we use our tongues is indicative of our faith—whether we are a wise person (i.e. a Christian) or a foolish unbeliever.
What he meant was that if our hearts are filled with evil and unbelief, then it should be no surprise that we talk like a fool. If our hearts have been turned to Christ, then our language will reflect that. What is in our hearts will spring forth from our lips.
As we look at this proverb, we’re going to see that there are a number of tiers to it. This proverb speaks to us on a number of different levels. It deals with the precision of our speech, the propriety of our speech, and the principles underlying our speech.
The first thing I want you to see is that this proverb deals with the precision of our speech. That is to say, it deals with how honest we are.
The passage begins by saying, “The tongue of the wise commends knowledge.” At the very basic level, this means that the wise person will be someone who speaks the truth.
A wise person knows how important it is to be informed. He knows that it is important that people know precisely where things stand. And without that knowledge, there can be

########
Rank: 7
Score: 32.743263
Retrieved Text: TIGERLIM.COM: Happy Friday The 13th!!!
Do you think Friday The 13th is really bad ka???? Suddenly I got this idea why people not celebrate Friday 13th one oh??? We have people play with the April Fool wat...... Why not Friday 13th cannot also like that kan? If you see people fall, lost IC or money. Smart phona kana curi, Car hit by someone on this day... Sent your greeting to them say "Happy Friday The 13th!!!!"
If might feel much better and calm... right!!!
Like yesterday a trailer self accident at the Jalan Tutong near the hospital and high court there in the morning, causing a heavy traffic jam make many people late to work, school, home, breakfast etc.
Very jialat one man.... Me not going out just stay at home at that time. Open my facebook and twitter already can see more them 10 people posting the truck accident photo!!! Not so sure the driver or anyone else get hurt about that. I can say that is the News of The Day.
All I can say is " Happy Advance Friday The 13th"!!!!!!

########
Rank: 8
Score: 32.500294
Retrieved Text: Intro: In Matthew 5:22 Jesus warned against calling a person a fool. Well, Jesus gives a serious warning here, He is progressively describing one who would slander, and by extension even murder his brother, through maliciousness and hatred.
Jesus used this same term (foolish) to rebuke the men on the road to Emmaus because they did not see the true meaning of the OT scriptures concerning His suffering.
It is one thing t be considered a fool by your disgruntled brother. It is another thing to be considered a fool by God.
I. Defining a Fool: What is a fool? Have you ever met one? There are several ways to define foolishness. We can learn some from viewing the opposite quality of wisdom. Wisdom is more than knowledge or understanding. It is the ability to discern between right and wrong, and to put one’s knowledge to practice in a manner that is beneficial.
A. There are 3 Hebrew words that are translated as fool in the O.T.
B. The Fool in the Bible – (The word fool is most often found in 3 of the books of the O.T. known as the wisdom literature (Psalms, Proverbs & Ecclesiastes) Prov 14:9 – 9 Fools mock at sin, but among the upright there is favor. In the Bible the fool is not just ignorant or unwise in the ways of the world, but he is morally foolish. He mocks at sin, or ridicules the authority of God.
Ps 53:1 – 1 The fool has said in his heart, “There is no God.” They are

########
Rank: 9
Score: 32.451538
Retrieved Text: Promoting self-love is important to me, particularly during this month of love when it is so easy for some to become depressed about their relationship status. Why am I alone? What is wrong with me? These are some of the questions you may have asked yourself but you need to S-T-O-P!
Not being in a relationship with another person does not mean that there is something wrong with you or that you will die alone. When you feel like there is a void deep within that you need to fill with another human being – a man, woman or child- this is actually when you need to take a step back and re-evaluate your life and figure out the source of this need.
You are complete on your own, or at least you should be. When you need someone or something else to complete you then you are creating an unhealthy environment for co-dependency.
It’s true, no man is an island so we all need people but don’t need people so much that you forget to get to know the one person that matters the most – YOU.
Making a conscious effort to improve the relationship with yourself can yield so many rewards. Self-love is not an easy thing to master but it can be done.
You waste time and you worry yourself sick when you go back and forth in your head about “should I?”, “shouldn’t I?”. Weigh the pros and cons before making any decision. If there are more cons than there are pros then cut it or him

########
Rank: 10
Score: 32.444866
Retrieved Text: Once Akbar asked Birbal to bring four fools of the first order to him. He said - "It is not difficult because this world is full of fools. Birbal said - "OK" and asked some time to find them, which Akbar readily gave to him.
Now Birbal started looking for fools. He was going somewhere that he saw a man carrying a large plate on which were kept some clothes, betel leaves and sweets. He looked like a fool to Birbal, so he asked him - "Where are you going to? And to whom you are carrying this?" The man replied - "My wife has remarried. Now they have a child so I am taking this gift for them." Birbal got convinced that he was a fool, so he considered him a candidate to take to the king.
At another time he saw a man riding a buffalo carrying a bundle of grass on his head. Birbal thought he was also a fool, so he asked him - "Why are you carrying this bundle on your head?" The man replied - "In fact my buffalo is pregnant, so I thought that she should not carry too much load, that is why I have put this bundle on my own head instead of putting it on it." Birbal considered him also a candidate to take to the king.
So next morning he took those people to Akbar's court and presented them to him as the biggest fools. "But these are only two fools; where are the other two? I asked

########
Rank: 11
Score: 32.32901
Retrieved Text: What up fam? I was digging thru my bag of blogs and came across this one I wrote in 08 and well hell frankly i find it funny LMAO.. so i needed a good laugh and thought i'd share with ya.. enjoy!
Take for example...I gave my number to this fool tryin to be nice and because he just moved to town and didn't know anyone..because apparantly nowdays u can't fool mofos by giving em a fake number b/c they wanna call your phone right then and there to make sure u gave em the right number...ANYHOO..so i warned him, that im a busy chick so i don't always answer the phone ..leave a message and when i remember i'll get back to u..MAYBE.
So I put him on my ignore list...and he faded into the sunset for a couple days..then two days ago, the calls started up again..one time he caught me off guard and i munked up and answered the phone but i told him i was at work and hung up..
"Well can't u just give me a 30 day trial?"
Mofo...this ain't no shyt u buy and return to the store..WTF? Naw. Hell naw.
"Well..a 20 day trial? I mean, we can be friends for a couple days then it can segueway into dating"
Naw. I don't think this fool gets it.
"Well, how bout I bring you some lunch, I mean you just tell me where you work and I'll bring it to you."
"Well...how bout we just meet up, hang out, and just become best friends?"
Ok..at this point

########
Rank: 12
Score: 32.23
Retrieved Text: Do you laugh at people who commit mistakes?
Laughing at people who made mistake is sometime not the best thing to do, but it either have both positive side and negative, on the positive side when somebody laugh at you or even children, the point will be well driven home such that you will live to remember the mistake and avoid it at all cost. It keeps you on the look out to avoid any mistake that you may repeat. The nagative part of it, is that at the moment people are laughing at you, you might do something negative coming from the frustration you are undergoing.
I laugh, and I laugh hard. But, I am usually the one that tries to walk over there and pick them up if they fall, or help them with whatever mistake they made. I tell them that they've just got to laugh at themselves. Learn from the experience, put it behind them, and do better next time. I made a mistake this morning. I grabbed my remote control instead of my cell phone (they look alike in color and size, so, since I was in a hurry, it was an easy mistake). Someone saw me pull it out, and we just laughed, and I got over it.
Well, we should not laugh at people who commits mistakes, however, human as we are there are times wherein we are caught off guard, and our initial reaction is to laugh. However, we must put in mind that we are all the same, there are

########
Rank: 13
Score: 32.066456
Retrieved Text: Are you able to say you like yourself or even not? It isn’t the question should you accept your self. Passers-by about the street will certainly tell a person, that these people “surely” adore themselves without considering it much. May we state it’s accurate? Every man prefer to think he or she loves themself than he or she doesn’t. However the real adore of your self differs in the love of someone else. Loving others without any reasons is simple, but you cannot do which to your self.
Imagine the mother that loves the woman’s baby, your woman loves it’s every motion and grin. Why cannot we adore ourselves around that?
Let’s discover how feels a guy who truly loves themself.
1. A guy who enjoys himself respects their own personality as well as won’t allow anybody in order to insult him or her.
2. If your man enjoys himself he or she doesn’t allow anybody in order to hurt themself. Men that love on their own doesn’t understand what is unrequited adore.
3. You can’t really insult this type of man. He jobs himself like a self-sufficient as well as invulnerable individual. Such personas value themselves excessive for becoming offended or even hurting other people.
4. Loving yourself provide you with new abilities, that’s why you are able to accept your own shortcomings and become not afraid of these. This helps if you want to present you to ultimately some culture.
5. He’s usually free for making decisions as well as takes obligation for what goes on in their life. And he

########
Rank: 14
Score: 31.949726
Retrieved Text: Date – a social or romantic appointment or engagement. And what does it mean to date yourself, is that possible and why do we need that right now?
Often Valentine’s Day can make you feel worse and remind you that you are single. But even if you aren’t single, it can make you feel lonely and to feel pressure. I am all about love and making others feel loved and appreciated. But I also want to highlight the importance of self-love and to share with you several ways to practice self-love.
The idea for this post came to me after a meeting with a friend of mine that is never single. She is always in toxic relationships with “the wrong man”.
When I asked her “why don’t you let yourself to be alone, single and just enjoy life,” she answered that she is just so afraid to be alone. I’ll be lost she said. At first, I couldn’t understand that. But, this is something common and there are a lot of other women that don’t want to be alone and jump from one to another relationship.
Every single one of these women has a different and individual reason for this pattern. Find out some of the most important reasons to love yourself and the art of dating yourself.
In my previous posts Why It’s So Hard To Love Yourself and Powerful Ways To Practice Self Love, I explained what is self-love and how to practice it so check it out if you want to know more.
“Why is it that I want

########
Rank: 15
Score: 31.938364
Retrieved Text: Where did the quote Heroes are ordinary people doing extraordinary things at an extraordinary time come from?
What document begins with the words We the People?
The Preamble of the Constitution of the United States: "We the People of the United States, in Order to form a more perfect Union, establish Justice, ensure domestic Tranquility, provide for the common defense, promote the general Welfare, and secure the Blessings of Liberty to ourselves and our Posterity, do ordain and establish this Constitution for the United States of America."
Who said we do for fun what most people fear more than death?
Who said 'We are the people our parents warned us about'?
Why did somebody say we the people?
That is how the Declaration of Independence started, in order to become separated from Britain.
if you have something to say, don't say it....it wil just make things worse unless you want it to be worse than go ahead say what you feel..but if you dont keep to yourself.
Who said When the people lead the leaders will follow?
Who said this- people burning books will burn people as well?
The quote is: 'Where they start by burning books, they ultimately burn people'. It is taken from a play by Heinrich Heine (1797-1856).
If you look for the evil in people you will surely find it Who first said or wrote that?
What do you call people who enjoy all the time?
How do you finish the proverb people in glass houses?
When we think about how people and places are connected we are considering the theme of?
Who spoke these words We

########
Rank: 16
Score: 31.876032
Retrieved Text: If God would make it possible for man to see himself, his heart, and his behavior and yet have it be seen in another person, man would be intolerable to himself. What men hate about others, they tolerate and excuse about themselves. What annoys men in others; they think is humorous in themselves. If men could see their own sinful hearts in another and not know it was theirs, they would judge the other very harshly. If men could read the thoughts of another, even though the thoughts would be exactly as his or her own, they would blast the other person as vile and wicked.
Men justify themselves and their own sinful thoughts and hearts to themselves, yet when those things are in others they blast away. A proud and self-centered heart will find ways to excuse itself because it knows its own motives and deceives itself into thinking that its own motives are good, yet for others they see the bare act and will condemn the act quickly and with strength. It is so easy for proud man to condemn others for the very same thing that he does with many excuses and self-justifications.
If men were not so proud and would honestly look at their own lives and hearts, they would seek others and the Lord for help. If they were not so proud and blinded by that pride they would be intolerable to themselves. The more one comes to know something of the glory of God the more one sees the motives and intents

########
Rank: 17
Score: 31.841766
Retrieved Text: Today, we look at Proverbs 10. I would, of course, encourage you to read the whole chapter.
Then, focus with me on Proverbs 10:23. This little couplet is relevant to our modern society. It is especially relevant as we look at the conduct of government and religious leaders. Why is it especially relevant in those? Well, remember the target audience of Proverbs. We are the end-line target, but there were two audiences closer to mind in the writing.
The next one is the people of Israel in general, but if we take Proverbs plainly, the goal was to provide wisdom to the next kings of Israel. These were the future spiritual and governmental leaders--so Proverbs is exceptionally helpful in addressing leadership needs.
wisdom to a man of understanding.
What does this mean? To clear it up, realize this: the "like sport" is a translation that also could be "pleasurable" or "pleasing," it's the idea of something fun and enjoyable. (There's a sideline here about sports being enjoyable--and when they're not, quit.) We see the same concept applied to both wickedness and wisdom, fools and understanding men.
The fool finds pleasure in the wicked, and the righteous in wisdom. They find the same type of emotional satisfaction, the same enjoyment in two separate things.
Coming to us, then, we should see clearly that people who enjoy wickedness are fools.
And fools are bad. Bad for themselves, their neighbors, their countries, their religions--fools are bad. If you encounter someone who takes delight in wickedness, then that person must not be entrusted with responsibility.
That includes the

########
Rank: 18
Score: 31.838043
Retrieved Text: no other source has been found, need volunteer to separate them out .
These notes prepared by DC on 1/20/2008 from audio file.
00:01 For all of you people who are looking for room 324, this is it, but I must tell you that the scheduled lecture on child development will not be presented so that we may present the one of "Total Child Abandonment."
00:17 Tonight I'm going to try to speak to you with a certain kind of passion no matter how hard I have to fake it. Because what I have to talk about cannot be talked about intellectually.
00:53 Years ago I thought that the hardest thing to talk about would be the topic, "The Uselessness of Talking About Anything."
01:12 There is one thing that is more difficult. But tonight...watch it.
01:23 (reads) The head of a certain monastery one morning so addressed the monks: "For twenty years I have given you the answers. Does everyone still have them?" And all the neophytes waved their little notebooks in the air and shouted out in the joyful affirmative. Then the elder said, "Good! Throw them away. I'm now going to give you the questions."
02:10 In the world of man the mind is the measure of all things save one. And it is this failing that brings us here today.
02:29 If man lives in a dream, it is in one, big, all-encompassing dream, not in many small ones, which is what those seeking to awaken generally believe.
02:45 What is this one big delusion and why is it so overlooked?

########
Rank: 19
Score: 31.823442
Retrieved Text: We’ve got plenty of reason to be happy here in Canada. Mostly because we’re laying right beside the biggest elephant in the room and when it moves, we better move, too. And it moves everywhere, all the time … Thank you, friend. Barry out.
For my author friends who are developing themselves as writers on ezinearticles, here are my most recent stats: Seems that learning how to get new ideas is just a tad more important than learning about duct tape… Hmmm. Thank you, friend. Barry out.
Expectation Theory: Be Careful What You Don’t Hope For Because You Might Get It!
What Does Your YouTube Channel Tell The World About You?
Trouble Brewing? Make Mine a Double!
I Heard This Guy’s Life Slipping Away and I Kinda Saved Him!
Why Don’t More People Believe In Themselves & Why Do We Hear Voices?
There are some people who should just go right past the two hundred dollar thing and straight to Saint Peter’s Parade. Today I present just such a man who is so in love with life that he, himself is introducing just such a man. Bill Murney Thank you, friend. Barry out.
Learn From Mistakes Think About Others Try Everything Once You Effect Outcomes Stuff Adds Up ************* Thank you, friend. Barry out.
The Self Actualization Blues – Few Humans Find The Prize in their Popcorn. Why?

########
Rank: 20
Score: 31.806786
Retrieved Text: She did it in her own way. Does this bus go to the Hilton Hotel? No one asked me to come here. The people have spoken. Allan has been receiving death threats. This hotel seems to be empty. We gave Jayesh some apples. He called himself an Edison of Japan. Where did you get the recipe? His intentions were really impenetrable.
It is difficult to play the piano. The problem here isn't me. I met him totally unexpectedly. You should try to see things from the practical point of view. I have to study. I'm staying with you. This is a one-way street. She looked happy in her new dress. You could at least buy a hybrid. I never went to Hiroshima on my trip.
The essay itself isn't a problem, but it is all this pernicious questions and glossary that makes me awfully mad! Let's all take off our shoes. The more important crossroads are equipped with traffic lights and roundabouts. He quickly mastered Russian. Bradford is clearly insane. I hated Kathryn at first. The key was so rusty that they couldn't use it anymore. You still owe us money. Make the time to do it. I wish he had gone on to university.
These clothes are finally dry. Benevolence is abstract, a good deed is concrete. I have to remind you of your promise. The Soviet Union proposes to peoples a new way - a way of equality and friendship of peoples, a way, which already proved to be so fruitful in our country. "All Quiet on

########
Rank: 21
Score: 31.68473
Retrieved Text: To provide an assembly to welcome the new school year.
None needed but an OHP would help in sharing the poem.
Some teachers might like to dramatize the story. The poem could be presented by individual children or used for choral speaking.
Begin by saying ‘Hello’. Draw attention to those children who reply with a smile and tell them how much better it makes you feel as you stand in front of them. Invite the children to listen to your story.
Mr Hi had a little newsagent and sweet shop. Sadly he was a lonely, grumpy man. He was grumpy when he woke up in the morning, he was grumpy throughout the day and he even went to bed grumpy. Each day he stood in the doorway of his shop watching people go by. He could not understand why he had no customers.
A little boy came in to buy an ice cream but when he saw Mr Hi’s grumpy face he was afraid to go in and he ran off. A man came in to buy a newspaper. Mr Hi did not smile or look as if he wanted to serve him so the man walked out and went to buy his paper elsewhere. A little girl wanted some sweets but before she asked for some she said to Mr Hi, ‘Why do you look so cross all the time?’ He glared at her and she was so frightened that she ran away from him.
It began to rain so Mr Hi went to the door to fetch inside his newspaper

########
Rank: 22
Score: 31.658203
Retrieved Text: Defining the soul is complicated for the same reason the question defining the heart is complicated. The heart is both something literal and something used figuratively in language and to define one meaning seems to diminish the poetry of the other.
Very simply, the idea of a soul is that there is something beyond the physical body which makes up the True Self. The reason this definition is so vague is that beyond that definition no two people agree on what the capabilities and limits on the soul are. This naturally leads one to question even this definition. The more fundamental question becomes, “Where does consciousness come from?” and any answer you come to from that question will almost unavoidably include the brain. This is not a problem if we choose to define the soul as “The collected portions of the brain devoted to personality and conscious thought.” That definition is a good jumping off point for some practical research into the nature of what a philosopher might recognize as the soul. However, if we decide at the outset that the soul is something that only ephemerally exists in the physical world, but does not belong here, we have neutered ourselves of the ability to ask practical questions about what the soul is and how it works.
We can imagine an individual born with a severed brain stem and damage to other sensory nerves, in effect, a man with no senses, no touch, no language. If this man had a brain, disconnected from the world but just as

########
Rank: 23
Score: 31.622932
Retrieved Text: What You Talkin' About _____?
My favorite phrase is, “God only helps those who help themselves”. Really?!? Do we really believe this? Yet, I’m sure that if you’re reading this, you have heard someone say this at some point in your life.
The above statement is a myth. A lie. And it’s hurting people’s ability to believe in an all-powerful God.
Why? Because it’s simply not true. Look at John 5:1-6, for example. Is the lame man helpless? Yes. Does Jesus heal him despite his helplessness? Yes.
Join me this Sunday as I explore this fascinating story of Jesus’s encounter with a helpless man. Maybe you’ve heard me say this before, that when we read the stories in the gospels, we have to ask ourselves...”Who am I in this story?”. Well, this is surely one of those stories.
You see...we all find ourselves stuck in life at some point, or another. Physically, spiritually, financially and relationally. ALL of us. The question Jesus asks the lame man in John 5 is a very important question for us to answer as well.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 31.346
Retrieved Text: As with the previous Proverbs in this chapter we see opposing sides of the truth. In verse 1 wisdom is a builder and folly destroys. Wisdom constructs and folly destructs. In verse 3 pride comes out of the mouth of the fool but the lips of the wise will preserve them. In verse 5 we see an observation of perjury. In society the words of a witness could either condemn a man of free him. It is imperative that a witness speaks truthfully. And in verse 6 the scoffer who should know better has no respect for the Lord and will never gain wisdom no matter how hard he may try.
In verse 7 we gain some sound advice. We are admonished to depart from the fool as he will not be a help to you. In verse 8 wisdom gives good sense that one can weigh the consequences of his actions in the future. It is the ability to make good decisions while the foolish will only deceive himself.
The contrast of verse 11 is that the house of the wicked should be stronger than the tent of the upright. But this is not true as the wicked man’s house will be destroyed and the tent of the upright will flourish. The way of evil appears to be substantial and the upright may seem tentative and frail. But in the end good will prevail. One may rationalize the evil life he leads will survive but in the end his wicked ways lead to destruction and death.
In verse

########
Rank: 25
Score: 31.286488
Retrieved Text: What one feeds their mind with will later govern their actions, and this is true with negative self-talk, the primary destroyer of self-confidence and the finisher of one’s faith. It not only robs a person of their dignity but it also prevents them from unleashing their full potential, from making the best use of their gifts, and from becoming the person they envision to be.
Why is negative self-talk destructive?
First, what is self-talk? It’s the set of words you say to yourself about yourself. It’s about how you feel or believe about yourself. It constantly goes into your mind every minute and hour of every single day. It somewhat becomes your guiding philosophy towards how you conduct your life.
As good things will always have a bad counterpart, so is with self-talk. The opposite of positive self-talk is negative self-talk.
Negative self-talk brings a lot of problems for people who tend to see the flaws in themselves and they kind of constantly focus on them all the time. There is always a problem with negative self-talk: when you say negative things to and about yourself, you will end up believing that yourself.
Negative self-talk goes even further than that belief that you believe it yourself. Negative self-talk becomes a habit or action as your personality is going to exude the negative things you feed your mind with.
People will pick up on that easily when you keep saying negative things about yourself. You may not say it aloud or people may not hear you speak it, but they will recognize it

########
Rank: 26
Score: 31.216976
Retrieved Text: As we have seen, the sin of the first humans leads to multiple layers of brokenness. Brokenness affects personal identity, intimate relationships, the relationship between human beings and God, and the relationship between people and the earth. We will continue to do the work God had assigned to us, but now with greater difficulty and pain. And, at the end of our lives, we will die, returning to the dust from which we were made. Not a pretty picture, to say the least.
Immediately after the man and woman ate the forbidden fruit, their eyes were opened so that they felt shame about being naked. Therefore, they “sewed fig leaves together and made loincloths for themselves” (3:7). But this initial effort at making clothing was doomed to fail. Loincloths made from flimsy leaves would hardly work to cover the men and women and protect them from the elements of the newly broken world. So God intervened, making “garments of skins” for the first couple and clothing them. This clothing would be much more effective and resilient than a skirt of leaves.
Why is God’s clothing of the man and woman a glimmer of grace? For one thing, we see that God does not abandon his creatures even though they abandoned him. God does not say, “Good luck, fools!” and laugh while the man and woman flail away in failed attempts to take care of themselves. Rather, God gives them what they need, offering something better than they could do for themselves. God does this, not because the man

########
Rank: 27
Score: 31.204355
Retrieved Text: Why do we need to Read Ibn Arabi?
Ibn Arabi matters because he is amongst the thinkers or sages whose meditations on key questions, we all face, are arguably amongst the most comprehensive and profound.
In physical, moral, spiritual and intellectual distress one seeks relevant healers and one doesn’t ask about the colour or race of the doctor. I find everyone, regardless of creed or IQ in some distress crying for help that Ibn Arabi can offer. The distress over any issue – personal, familial, religious, metaphysical – is overcome by turning to understanding/meaning of the issues in terms that one can’t but testify. If one is in distress over some family issue or has been hurt from someone’s bad words or divorce or is suffering an existential crisis or regretting the course of events on which one had no control or asks why people go astray or why good people suffer or why people die in religions they were born into and arguably earn damnation for choices they hardly make, consider what Ibn Arabi has to say. Ibn Arabi would show you how it is Mercy wrapping us all in all circumstances and not even hell is impenetrable to It. This hermeneutic of Mercy explains diversity of religions, philosophies, styles, temperaments, habits, preferences, obstructions we meet and even the hell we choose. God and His Mercy can’t be defeated and have the last word necessitating ultimate cooling of hell and its turning to heaven and some sweetness in the terrors of hell. Consider what Ibn Arabi stands

########
Rank: 28
Score: 31.156506
Retrieved Text: Tesla's Autopilot is very dangerous because it gives a false feeling of comfort, tempts people to release control of the car to the technology, which is yet to be perfected and therefore costs lives.
After last week's Model X crash, for which Tesla accepted that the Autopilot was engaged and blamed the driver, making NTSB "unhappy" for making public information about the crash, one Tesla owner tried to recreate the fatal Model X crash and almost killed himself. This shows that Autopilot's warnings are simply not enough. Tesla drivers are at their own risk, when engaging the Autopilot.
Torque News does not recommend trying, testing or recreating anything like this by sharing this video, but we are bringing this to the attention of our readers showing how dangerous Tesla Autopilot may be. See how Tesla AP2.5 takes a wrong turn into gore point barricade.
"For everyone who doesn't understand the context: he is replicating the exact same scenario that killed the driver to prove that there is a problem with the way tesla doesn't detect collisions. This is how you find and report bugs with programs and algorithms. Hopefully Tesla takes action to save lives.," commented one person under the video.
People put too much trust on Tesla's Autpilot.
Even the airline pilots don't fully trust the their planes' autopilot systems. And their systems are more advanced and pilots are well trained. Tesla's Autopilot is not yet advanced and drivers are not trained.
"As a commercial airline pilot, I would like to point out that an autopilot on any aircraft is constantly

########
Rank: 29
Score: 31.122866
Retrieved Text: Self-awareness is something we all want to teach our kids, both neurotypical and neurodiverse. We worry a lot in our hyper-social world about the right thing to do and say. Maybe this isn’t true for you, but I ALWAYS worry about making other people comfortable. Many years ago, while discussing an impossibly critical supervisor, a colleague at work asked me “Why do you care so much about what other people think?”. It was like an alarm going off. Was there any other way to be?
Over time, I’ve realized that making other people comfortable may not be as important as I thought. I think the way for people to be happiest, is to make themselves feel comfortable – through self-reflection and self-acceptance. Of course, it is important to treat others with respect and kindness, but once we’ve done that, if we can’t win their approval, let’s move on.
Something happens in the first two days at Camp Alsing. Our kids realize that they are the best at being themselves. That their brain, and all our brains, operate uniquely. My brain makes socializing pretty easy, but even I get nervous. Other brains are stronger at drawing landscapes, or making pasta from scratch. The important thing is for our kids to know that whatever their brains make easy, they should be proud. And whatever their brains make hard, they can work to strengthen that muscle.
I think about one of our campers from last summer. He was so nervous meeting me at his home that he barely spoke. The anxiety presented

================



======= Instance Index 5044 =========
Input Text: Read the following conversation and answer the question.

Lisa: Hi, Tim. So, are you doing some last-minute shopping before the weekend?

Tim: Well, actually, I'm looking for supplies to put together 72-hour kits for each member of my family.

Lisa: [A] 72-hour kit? What's that?

Tim: Basically, a 72-hour kit contains emergency supplies you would need to sustain yourself for three days in case of an emergency, like an earthquake.

Lisa: An earthquake?! We haven't had an earthquake in years.

Tim: Well, you never know; you have to be prepared. Hey, if earthquakes don't get you, it could be a flood, hurricane, snowstorm, power outage, fire, alien attack. [Alien attack!] Well, you never know. Think of any situation in which you might find yourself without the basic necessities of life, including shelter, food, and water, for over a period of time.

Lisa: Hum. So, what do you keep in a 42-hour, um, ... I mean 72-kit?

Tim: Well, you should have enough food and water to last you three days, and you might want to pack a basic water filter or water purification tablets in case your only water source turns out to be a murky pool of bug-infested water. [Ugh!] Hey, sometimes you don't have a choice, and as for food, you should keep it simple: food that requires no preparation and that doesn't spoil. And no canned goods because they are often too heavy and bulky. [Okay, that makes sense.] And unless you have a can opener or the can has a pull-tab lid, you'll have to use a rock or something to open them. [Ah, instant mashed green beens.] Yeah, and oh, energy bars, beef jerky, and a mix of nuts, raisins, and chocolate are possibilities.

Lisa: Huh, the food might be nasty, but I guess you could survive ... barely.

Tim: Well, the food doesn't have to taste bad; just select things that are easy to prepare, and you might want to include some basic comfort foods like a couple of candy bars. Then, you have to decide on the type of shelter you might need.

Lisa: A hotel sounds nice.

Tim: Yeah, but that's really not an option. The reality is that you might have to evacuate to a...

Question: What is one basic principle behind food in a 72-hour kit? 

- Packing sweets is unwise for health reasons.

- Cooking warm meals can lift people's spirits.

- Buying easy-to-prepare foods is ideal.

Target Text: Buying easy-to-prepare foods is ideal.

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 38.67907
Retrieved Text: I used to think getting a date was hard. I acquired turned down all the time. Like different guys, I thought girls desired to date only athletes, big achievers, rich guys, or perhaps really good looking guys. Even so I learned that a lot of females like guys they can talk with - just talk with! How easy! Now I never acquire turned down for a date! Many cultural patterns of newness exist 'out there' for people to piggyback on, both for generating new creative ideas and as pre-existing formats with conveying our strong positive or strong negative options. Some writers have difficulties organizing their thoughts into essay format, while others are clueless as to how to set a conclusion. Middle school and high school students often struggle to realize the art of writing the standard five-paragraph essays that English educators love to assign. While there is not a writing software program on the planet that may magically transform dull and uninspired writing into an enticing inspirational essay, a quality focused writing software program such as the Prompt Essay Creator is definitely great for generating, organizing and developing random thoughts and creative ideas into a fine essay.
Avtohlamu - The best food for your 72 hour kit list. The members of latter day saints recently asked me to curate a list of emergency food that would be perfect for a 72 hour kit it is a very good idea to have a 72 hour kit full of non perishable food just in case a disaster strikes. What

########
Rank: 1
Score: 38.632805
Retrieved Text: A disaster kit is a collection of basic household items you can bring with you in an emergency. While you can buy expensive pre-made kits, you don’t have to spend the money. Use what you’ve got, and add to it as you can afford it. See the Tip “$20 72-Hour Emergency Kit: DIY!.” This was designed for a college student in a dorm. It might work for you.
It’s easy to put too much in your Basic Disaster Kit. The way to find out what you need is to take your kit camping. Make a list of what’s in your kit. When you get home, put a check mark by what you used. After you camp with your kit two or three times, you’ll have a good idea of what you need and what you don’t. DO NOT BELIEVE YOU NEED EVERY ITEM ON ANY OF THE DISASTERGUY TIP LISTS. You need to make YOUR OWN LIST!
How much is too much? Our most basic “72-hour Emergency Bug-Out Kit for 2 Adults!” (see Tip) weighs 64 pounds. Water is 50 pounds of that. You’ll need something to carry the water, like a wagon. On the other hand, our Tip on the ”Emergency/Camping Kit for Pickup Truck!” gives details on a kit that weighs about 120 pounds. That’s not too big, if you have a pickup truck to carry it.
The Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) has suggestions for a kit. See the Tip “FEMA Disaster Supply Kit.” This is the only Tip on the website that requires 4 pages!
Regarding

########
Rank: 2
Score: 36.383835
Retrieved Text: Home > Blog > Safety Tips > What is a 72-Hour Kit?
If you’ve ever lived through an emergency, you know that knowledge + preparedness = peace of mind; and a 72-hour kit is a critical component of this. Each family member should have a kit containing the essentials needed to survive for at least three days. The final product should be portable so everyone can evacuate quickly during a natural disaster with their kits in tow. Here are some tips to get your 72-hour kit started.
You can purchase a basic pre-filled emergency kit for each family member, or you can build one from scratch. FEMA offers lists of recommended items and additional items that could prove useful for your 72-hour kit, including food and water, tools for light and heat, first aid supplies, medication, and personal hygiene items. If you have a baby or pet, make sure to pack the supplies they need as well.
Portability is the key to any practical 72-hour kit. After all, you’re most likely to need it when you have to evacuate. Selecting a waterproof container is also a good idea. Popular options include backpacks, suitcases and storage tubs with wheels. Make your decision based on the physical abilities and limitations of each family member.
Even in an emergency, you still need to drink water – not to mention cook and clean with it. Six cups of water (two cups per day) is the minimum amount you should pack in your 72-hour kit. This is barely enough to get by, and even then,

########
Rank: 3
Score: 34.99567
Retrieved Text: This kit is the most complete way to prepare for your road trip! This kit is a 72-hour kit, auto kit, and blizzard kit all in one. With food to feed a family of four for a day or an individual for three days, you’ll be prepared if your stranded wherever your location. This Kit Is Packed Securely in Our Red Duffle Bag.
Food, Shelter/Warmth, Lights, First Aid Kit, Basic Tools, and more.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 33.36507
Retrieved Text: patriot pantry review 72 hour kit food.
best emergency survival food and meal kits for patriot pantry hour kit review reviews.
patriot pantry review ammo can reviews emergency food supply 1 2 4 weeks.
patriot pantry review strawberry fields cream of wheat pouch up to year shelf life ammo can reviews.
patriot pantry emergency food supply 1 2 4 weeks review ammo can reviews.
patriot pantry review 72 hour kit fruit veggie and snack mix p.
farms patriot pantry instant coffee kit review reviews.
maple grove oatmeal patriot pantry review ammo can reviews 6 month food supply 4.
patriot pantry review 4 week emergency food supply for storage my ammo can reviews p.
patriot pantry review sweetly coated banana chips emergency food case pack bulk packages my 72 hour kit.
patriot pantry hour survival food kit serving emergency my supply review ammo can reviews sample pack.
whole egg mix emergency food case packs patriot pantry bulk packages my supply review reviews eggs pack.
mountain house beef review patriot pantry reviews freeze dried food.
best camping freeze dried food images on survival patriot pantry review 72 hour kit.
food patriot pantry review ammo can reviews 4 patriots emergency supply 1 2 weeks 3.
maple grove oatmeal emergency food case pack patriot pantry bulk packages my supply review 72 hour kit.
food 4 patriots patriot pantry review best images on lose weight ammo can reviews.
patriot pantry review survival coffee finest servings year shelf life reviews food 4 patriots emergency supply 1 2 weeks 3.
food patriot pantry review 72 hour kit 4 patriots emergency supply 1 2 weeks 3.
patriot pantry review coffee ammo can reviews.
patriots

########
Rank: 5
Score: 33.245422
Retrieved Text: With so many natural disasters happening, it is never a bad idea to make sure you have a 72 hour kit on hand. Legacy premium wants you to have what you need to survive for 72 hours, this is why they have put together a 2 person 72 hour 2000 calorie kit. The kit includes enough breakfast, lunch, dinner, side dishes, and drinks to sustain you for 72 hours, while eating the recommended amount of 2,000 calories per day. Let legacy premium help you prepare for a disaster by including a 72 hour disaster kit in your food storage.
You never know when you will need to be prepared for an emergency for a few days. Legacy premium wants to make sure you are prepared with the food needed to survive. Legacy has put together a 72 hour disaster kit to help you get prepared. The 72 hour 2,000 calorie per day kit includes 4 servings of creamy oatmeal sprinkled with sweet brown sugar for breakfast, lunch and dinner entrees include 4 servings of creamy a la king, macaroni and cheese, and pasta primavera, with sides of mashed potatoes, and banana chips, and 16 servings of powdered milk to drink. All of the entrees legacy premium provides are easy to make by just adding water.
Legacy premium packages their 72 hour disaster food storage kit in mylar pouches with a nitrogen flush, and oxygen absorber to keep it fresh for up to 25 years. They then stick all of the meals into a light weight, durable, plastic bucket

########
Rank: 6
Score: 32.989346
Retrieved Text: 1 Person basic grab and go 72 hour emergency kit. Provides emergency food, water, light, heat, and sanitation along with some higher quality first aid supplies to get you through the first 72 hours (3 days) of an emergency. Have the supplies that you need to stay safe, calm and comfortable. Great kit for the car or a person living on their own.
Emergency food & water rations have a 5 year shelf life.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 32.313328
Retrieved Text: What is included in an emergency kit?
Emergency kits vary by how many people they are for, by how many hours/days they need to last, and sometimes by how far they need travel. Because different emergencies may call for you to either evacuate or shelter-in-place, it is best to prepare with a kit that can be easily transported for when necessary. Be sure you have the minimum supply to meet the following 10 needs: food, water, first aid, breathing protection, shelter, warmth, communication, light, tools, sanitation & hygiene. Once you have included those required supplies, add additional items or quantities of supplies if there is still room in your pack or cart.
What is the best emergency food?
1. Long shelf life. The food selected should have a long shelf life so that it does not spoil quickly. Include food items like emergency food bars that last up to 5 years.
2. Ready-to-eat. It is important that your food selection be Ready-to-eat because you may not have the opportunity to cook in the immediate aftermath of an emergency.
Tip: Datrex, emergency food rations with a 5-year shelf life, is an excellent choice for emergency food. They come in rationed ready-to-eat portions and are compact and lightweight.
What should you put in your emergency kit?
Your emergency kit should provide immediate survival needs after any anticipated emergency or disaster. It is best to consider how to meet your minimum needs in the following 10 basic survival categories before adding extra items to your kit: food, water, first aid, breathing protection, shelter, warmth, communication, light,

########
Rank: 8
Score: 31.114798
Retrieved Text: Once you know what emergency bag / kit(s) you need for your family (if you haven’t done that yet, read this post: Which emergency bag do you really need?), the next step is to decide what to put into each bag. This is easier said than done and it is best to put some real thought into this process. You want the bag(s) you put together to be truly useful when / if you need to use them. A lot of websites will simply provide you with a checklist of items you should have in your bag. I’d like to suggest using these seven 72 hour kit categories instead.
In addition to giving you a list of suggestion so what you might include, I’m going to give you a set of categories you should consider for your emergency bags.
Back when I first started working on e-prep, I had a very basic 72 hour kit that I had bought somewhere (I can’t even remember where) pre-made. It sat in our closet and gathered dust. To be honest, I didn’t even really know what was in it. I’m not even sure if I’d ever opened it and looked. It certainly wasn’t personalized for our family.
I started looking through various checklists on different websites and while helpful for brainstorming, all the checklists I found had either too much stuff, too little stuff, stuff I didn’t know how to use, or stuff I didn’t think I’d ever need. Many were also missing things that were important to our family. The checklists

########
Rank: 9
Score: 30.06145
Retrieved Text: A crisis or emergency is a high stress time for everyone. It is especially important to have high energy foods available during these times. Food that is high in calories (even empty calories) is recommended for these times. If you plan ahead, you can have meals that are not only high in energy, but also nutritious.
You can live several days without food if you have water to drink, but you won‚Äôt be very comfortable when you are used to eating three meals a day plus snacks. Besides the nutritional benefit you gain from the food, there is also a positive psychological benefit of doing things the way you did before a disaster. Eating three meals a day will help make the stressful time seem more like normal.
Foods that provide sugar energy and are comfort foods are good ones to pack in your 72 hour kits. These types of food include chocolate, hard candy, dry sugar cereal, fruit bars, etc. In high stress situations your body requires a higher caloric intake, not just nutrition. For those who can‚Äôt eat sugar, pack alternative high caloric food such as peanut butter, dried fruit, and sugar-free candy.
Compressed food bars include granola bars, trail bars, and high calorie food bars that are sealed for long term storage. These are lightweight, nutritious, and high in calories, making them a good choice for your 72 hour kit.
These types of drink mixes are high in protein, vitamin and mineral content, such as protein drinks, diet drinks, and survival drink mixes. These should be just-add-water-mixes,

########
Rank: 10
Score: 29.604925
Retrieved Text: Storing an Emergency Survival Kit in your home is an essential part of preparing your family to shelter-in-place following a disaster. Assembling a survival kit can be daunting so we have simplified the process by packing everything a family of two will need to survive the aftermath of a disaster into an easy-to-store 5-gallon bucket. Many people fail to realize that store-bought items such as canned food and bottled water may not store safely for longer than one year, especially when stored in environments subjected to extreme temperature fluctuations i.e. a garage or vehicle. Reference blog post “Maintaining Emergency Rations” in the ER™ Preparedness Blog for more information. ER™ Survival Kits are designed by emergency preparedness experts to contain the most critical supplies needed during the aftermath of a major disaster. Each kit includes a 72-hour supply of food and water for up to two people. The ER™ 2400 Calorie Food Bars and ER™ Water Pouches are certified by the U.S. Coast Guard to store safely for up to 5-years even when exposed to extreme temperatures (-22°F to 149°F, -6°C to 65°C). The kit also comes equipped with an ER™ Solar/Hand-Crank Powered NOAA Weather Band, AM/FM digital Radio, Flashlight, and USB charger all in one compact device. Simply recharge the device using the hand-crank or solar panel. The built-in USB charger will power iPhones, Droids and Pixels or any device that uses a USB cable to charge ensuring you stay in touch with loved ones or emergency contacts.
The survival items are packaged in a sealed 5-gallon

########
Rank: 11
Score: 29.28368
Retrieved Text: A disaster can strike at any moment without warning and if you’re not prepared mentally/physically and with supplies… You and your families chances of survival are slim to none! Having an Emergency urban survival kit is essential as it will help mitigate the problems faced in a disaster situation. But what should your urban survival kit include? Fortunately, by talking to others who’ve survived through disasters… we have a good idea of what you’ll need.
90% of people in a disaster situation are rescued within 72 hours of when the disaster first hit. Because the large majority of emergency situations are resolved within 3 days…it’s recommended that your urban survival kit will last you at least 3 days. Keep in mind that although emergency relief workers will be able to initially provide you with basic needs… services such as electricity, sewage treatment, telephones, internet, gas and water can be out of service for weeks!
Keep in mind, this list if for an extremely basic kit. We suggest you have multiple kits for different scenarios. You should have an EDC (everyday carry) kit, a kit for your vehicles, a basic urban survival kit at home, and a BOB (bug out bag). The more you prepare the better off you’ll be when shtf!
This is not your father’s scout manual or a sterile FEMA handout. It entertains as it informs, describing how to maximize a survival mind-set necessary for self-reliance. According to the book, living through an emergency scenario is 90 percent psychology, and 10 percent methodology and gear.
This entry was

########
Rank: 12
Score: 28.86941
Retrieved Text: You’ll get delicious and nutritious survival food rated for 25 years of storage… that’s 5+ servings per day for breakfast, lunch and dinner! You get 3,360 total calories (1,120 calories per day), enough food, energy and nutrients to survive a 72-hour emergency.
The 16 Servings are in 3 packages. Each with 4 servings. Not sure how to cook just one serving.
The Zip Lock on the Main Bag broke on the second time opening it. Both halves are on the one side. the half that inserts into the middle of the other half tore off when opening. I did see that the instructions for the oatmeal is for one serving at a time, however the other two have instructions to cook all four servings at once. I guess I will have to do the math to divide by 4 so I can cook one serving at a time.
Too many 5 Stars from people that have not tried it yet.
I can't believe how many people gave this 72 Hour Kit 5 Stars. Reading through them, so many of them have not even tried it yet.
No idea on how this will work for those with diabetes or need to maintain low cholesterol. Also, what is the sodium content? Food sensitivities - so great concern about enhancers (MSG) that would result in being sick during a crisis. Want something that is geared towards diabetics with focus on natural, no artificial ingredients or allergens (i.e., nuts) that won't raise cholesterol or blood pressure (via high sodium content). While not compact, I do

########
Rank: 13
Score: 28.834194
Retrieved Text: This complete 72 hour survival kit contains enough food and water for 10 people for 3 days (72 hours), plus 30 different items you need in any emergency. These are the supplies that FEMA and the Red Cross recommend you have on hand for emergency survival. The food and water in this kit have a 5 year shelf life. Included in the kit are supplies for shelter & warmth, lighting, an emergency radio, a first aid kit, food, water and more. This is a complete kit that has everything you and your family need to be prepared in an emergency and is packaged in one high-grade plastic airtight pail with one emergency backpack.
** All of our kit items are packed securely in a resealable, waterproof storage bag.
Came quick and we love it thanks!
Came with everything for our office and more. Thanks for the free bonus gift as well it's helpful!
This is a great kit for a larger family or office. I'm impressed thanks!
Our office is much happier that we have this in it. Really good buy!
I'm glad I got this for my family and friends. It's huge kit and will work well in any disaster.
I have a big family and this thing is perfect for us! I feel safer with it already in the house. Thanks!

########
Rank: 14
Score: 28.637016
Retrieved Text: Preparation for any catastrophic situation should start with storing the most basic and essential items necessary for survival. After air, water is the most important thing for us to survive. Make it sure that you are storing sufficient quantities of drinkable and potable water for any disaster preparation.
Following any disaster, it might not be safe to drink and use running water in the taps. The general recommendation is to have 72 hour or 3-day supply of water per person in the household for the preparation of disaster kit. One gallon per person for each day can be sufficient for drinking and sanitation purposes. This means store 3 gallons per person for your disaster kit.
You can also have water purification tablets in your disaster kit to clean any extra unfiltered water available.
After water, food is the second most important thing that should be part of any disaster preparation. For disaster kits, the most suitable option is to get non-perishable food items. These foods have long shelf-life and don’t require refrigeration. Ready-to-eat canned vegetables and fruits, cereal bars, granola bars can be good food options for the preparation of any disaster kit.
If you or any of your family members is on prescribed medications then it is better to have 3-4 days extra supply of it in case of any natural disaster where you can’t make a visit to nearby pharmacy. You should also have some over-the-counter medications such as antihistamines, painkillers, anti-diarrheal, laxatives and eyewash in your disaster kit.
You can get a readymade first aid kit or make

########
Rank: 15
Score: 28.461735
Retrieved Text: A 1-person, 72-hour survival kit packaged in a lunchbox style container designed for students. This economy survival kit contains the basic emergency preparedness supplies to prepare for all disasters including emergency food, water, shelter, light, first aid, and sanitation.
Keeping Emergency Survival Kits at school for students and administrators is an essential part of maintaining a safe school. But don't waste your time and money constantly replacing unreliable store-bought items when you can get a kit designed by emergency preparedness experts to last and be ready when you need it. The 1-Person Economy ER™ Survival Kit provides both piece-of-mind and safety at school. It contains a 72-hour survival supply for 1 person including U.S. Coast Guard Approved 5-year shelf-life food and water. Many people don't realize that store-bought items such as canned food and bottled water don't store safely for longer than 6 months and even less when exposed to extreme temperatures. The last thing you want on your hands are sick kids following a disaster. With our money-back guarantee, you can rest assured that you have purchased the most reliable survival kit on the market.
Why do you need survival kits at school?
Following a catastrophic disaster during school hours, students and school administrators may be stranded on campus for days to weeks until roads are cleared for safe driving. If the school building suffers structural damage, students may be forced to shelter outdoors and endure the elements. Electricity may be out for weeks leaving everyone in the dark and causing water treatment plants to stop working. There

########
Rank: 16
Score: 28.314558
Retrieved Text: Click the button below to add the 2 Person 72-Hour Survival Kit to your wish list.
All items in Food Storage Depot's 2 Person 72 Hour Kit are packed securely in our Multi-pocket Hikers Backpack which contains extra space available for your personal items!
Food and Water: The food and water in this kit will comfortably provide you with adequate nutrition for 72-hours without access to additional supplies. These products have a 5 year shelf life. 24 - 4oz. Water Pouches, 12 - 400 Calorie Food Bars (4800 Calories), and 20 Water Purification Tablets (each tablet purifies 1 liter of water).
Light and Communications: In the event of a power outage you’ll have independent access to your own means of lighting and communication with the outside world. Am/Fm Radio with Headphones and Batteries, Rechargeable Squeeze LED Flashlight, 30 Hour Emergency Candle, 12-Hour Green Emergency Glow Stick, 5-in-1 Survival Whistle, and a Box of Waterproof Matches.
Shelter and Warmth: These supplies will provide protection from outside weather forces. They will protect you from wind, sun, rain, and many other conditions you may encounter. 2 Emergency Survival Sleeping Bags, 2 16-Hour Body Warmers, 2 Person Tube Tent with Rope, and 2 Emergency Ponchos with hoods.
Tools: These items are designed to be useful in disaster situations. They will be a valuable resource when you find yourself faced with navigation, transport, personal protection, or shelter troubles. 16-Function Knife, Leather Palm Work Gloves, 2 - N95 Respirator Dust Masks (NIOSH approved), 50 Feet of Nylon Rope, Safety Goggles, and a Sewing Kit.
Hygiene and Sanitation: When

########
Rank: 17
Score: 28.25503
Retrieved Text: Geared toward short-term survival for one person, this 72-hour emergency food and gear kit includes delicious favorites for breakfast, lunch, dinner, and snacks, as well as carefully selected survival gear. It’s assembled for ideal grab-n-go convenience for unforeseen emergencies. Keep one or more in your home, office, car, boat or cabin. Consider it disaster preparedness insurance.
Knowing how to prepare for an emergency can feel daunting, but it doesn’t have to be. We’ve removed the hassle and uncertainty with our NEW 72-Hour 1-Person Emergency Food pail. Not only will you thrive on the nutritious meals found in this 72-Hour Emergency pail, you will also enjoy the variety and great taste. Hot meals are easy to prepare by simply adding water and simmering for a few short minutes.
Skip the prep work and add these hassle-free sliced potatoes to casseroles, soups, or potato salads. They make excellent au gratin or scalloped potato casseroles, can be seasoned and oven baked for crispy potato slices and are delicious fried for breakfast. You might even try homemade potato chips. This is a very versatile emergency food that can be pulled from food storage for a quick and easy meal.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 27.638641
Retrieved Text: After an emergency, you may need to survive on your own for several days. Being prepared means having your own food, water and other supplies to last for at least 72 hours. A disaster supplies kit is a collection of basic items your household may need in the event of an emergency. Remember, you may be stranded in place or have to evacuate. Your emergency kit should be designed to sustain your family for at least three days, no matter what the situation. The Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) offers many helpful publications about disaster preparedness that can assist you in making an emergency Go-Kit.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 27.625734
Retrieved Text: If you're not yet prepared for hurricane season, this weekend you can get essential supplies for a little cheaper.
Emergency managers urge every home to have a 72-hour disaster survival kit that includes a minimum three-day supply for each person and all pets.
At the minimum, your 72-hour disaster survival kit should contain the following: food, water (at least three gallons per person), blankets and pillows, cash, cell phone chargers, clothing, first aid kit, flashlight and batteries, keys, mosquito spray, a battery-operated NOAA weather radio, toiletries, toys, tools, important documents and pet care items.
Details of the sales tax holiday can be found here.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 27.61393
Retrieved Text: This Long Term Food Storage Essentials Survival Kit was designed using advice from experts in the emergency preparedness industry. It follows guidelines given by government agencies and non-profit preparedness organizations.
72 Hour Food Storage Kit.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 27.54245
Retrieved Text: Can You Pass The Disaster Preparedness Test?
You can get a real schooling if hurricanes, earthquakes, and other natural disasters catch you unprepared! Thats why Im preparing you with my own personal cheat sheet (although the only person youre really cheating is yourself if you dont follow it!). Im Mr. Prepared and I want your Emergency Preparedness grade to be an A , which means you have to do all your disaster homework and be ready to pass any kind of horrible pop quiz that Mother Nature throws at us.
So heres a little lesson from the school of preparedness on how to be safe and not sorry.
When disaster strikes (and may I remind you that 2008 is supposed to be an unusually active storm year?), the scary situation you may find yourself in is being cut off from basic services. Im not just talking about cable TV here.
Im talking about being unable to buy food from stores, to drink water from your tap or to have electricity or power. Thats a little more serious than not being able to get the Disney Channel!
So how do you survive that kind of post-disaster scenario? If youre already a student of Mr. Prepared, you know the answer - Be Prepared!
At the very least, you should have on hand a 72 hour survival kit.
These are available in different configurations, some more extensive than others, and in various sizes, built for one to four people. They contain food, water, first aid supplies, flashlights, a crank radio (hope you have strong arms!) and

########
Rank: 22
Score: 27.47877
Retrieved Text: The EZ Urban Survival Bug Out Bag, includes items to sustain a family of four people for day and a half (72 hours). The items included in the two backpack kit are: two black backpacks, radio flashlight combo, guidebook with pencil, four sleeping bags, four ponchos, two tents, four hand warmers, four 3600 calorie food bars, water pouch, folding water container, five water purification powder kits with instructions, 53 piece first aid kit, four toothbrushes, toothpaste, comb, razor, shaving cream, shampoo, bar of soap, two feminine pads, washcloth, toliet paper, sewing kit, four glow sticks, survival whistle, rope, duct tape, work gloves, multi-tool, knife, playing cards, can opener.
The Emergency Zone Bug Out Bag includes items to sustain two people for a day and a half (72 hours). The items included in the backpack kit are: black backpack, two sleeping bags and nylon bags, two ponchos, tent, hydration bladder, two 3600 calorie food bars, water pouches, folding water container, ten water purification packets, can opener, a 1-litter bottle, radio flashlight combo unit, LED compact flashlight, two glow sticks, multi-tool, folding saw, survival whistle, duct tape, work gloves, playing cards, rope, compass, guidebook and pencil, deluxe hygiene kit, biohazard bag, toilet liners, two 2-liter water bags, 174-piece first aid kit, two N95 masks, stethoscope, self-defense key chain, survival knife.
Wise Five Day Survival Kit includes items to sustain one person for five days. The contents include: 20 gourmet entrees, water pouches, portable stove and four fuel tablets, steel cup, flashlight, survival whistle, 37-Pc. first aid/hygiene kit, dust mask, tissues,

########
Rank: 23
Score: 27.457287
Retrieved Text: When most people think about preparedness, they tend to think long-term and include items in any survival kit that are great to have, but not really necessary in many survival situations.
The purpose of any survival kit is to make it through the immediate crisis and aftermath – assuming that the vast majority of survival situations are over in a few hours to a few days.
That means having an immediate, 72-hour survival kit is a must.
This kit should be geared to helping you get through the crisis in front of you; a separate, longer-term survival cache is preferable, but not mandatory for most survival settings.
To see a list of the items you should have on you as an emergency, 72-hour survival kit, check out the next page.
For 72 hours, just stay home.
In a survival situation, this list will get you killed, trying to carry anywhere near this amount of stuff will kill you, you wouldn’t be able to carry enough food to replace the calories you would burn trying to tote a pack with all this in it.
I believe this is not meant to be a bag which you keep in your vehicle or at work that is meant to get you home in the event of a SHTF scenario. Your complete kits would at your home or location to which you had to drive, ride or walk to. I agree, true get home kit would have to be much lighter.
No firearms in this collapse scenario?
Question from a novice: Why are survival kits virtually always described as

########
Rank: 24
Score: 27.143368
Retrieved Text: There is almost nothing worse than grieving the loss of a loved one, especially when that person was in the prime of his or her life.
No one should ever have to bury a son, daughter or grandchild, but unfortunately it’s part of life sometimes. Especially when that person was serving his or her country in the Armed Forces.
Parents, grandparents and other relatives may know that their loved one is in harm’s way during this service, but they pray daily for that person’s safety and wellbeing, and hope to God that their prayers are answered.
The reality is that sometimes our young heroes come home in a casket. It’s horrible to think about and painful to deal with, but it happens. Then what? Relatives and friends grieve and try to make sense of it all.
Fortunately, there are some organizations in this nation that understand the pain that’s involved when loved ones die while serving their country, and those are the organizations we at 4Patriots wish to support.
One of them is the Captain Joseph House Foundation. This organization provides a retreat for family members of fallen veterans… a home-away-from-home where the families can go for a week and process their grief together.
Not only does this give them a chance to better deal with the crippling emotions they are experiencing, but it also allows them to meet with other families going through the exact same thing. New friendships develop out of this shared experience.
I’d encourage you to visit www.CaptainJosephHouseFoundation.org to learn more about what they do. The foundation takes care

########
Rank: 25
Score: 26.847742
Retrieved Text: What are the basic principles of classical criminology?
· A more rational approach to punishment.
· Utilitarianism: behavior is purposeful and not motivated by supernatural forces.
· Punishment and sentences: proportional to the seriousness of the crime.
2. Pleasure and pain (or rewards and punishment are the major determinants of choice).
3. Deterrence is the best justification for punishment.
4. Human rights and due process principles.
What are classical conditioning principles?
What are the basic principles of electricity?
What is the basic principle of stewardship?
What are the basic principles of the ANC?
What are the six basic principles of the constitution?
What is the basic principle of IR spectroscopy?
What are the basic principles of Karma?
Who was the eighteenth century theorist known as the founder of the classical school of criminology?
The 18th century theorist who is known as the founder of theclassic school of criminology is Jeremy Bentham. Cesar Beccaria isalso known as founder.
What is the basic principle of compressor?
What is the basic principle of impedance?
Scroll down to related links and look at "Interconnection of two units" and find the impedance picture of amplifier and loudspeaker or microphone and amplifier.. Learn about "voltage bridging" - Zout < Zin.
What is basic principle of hplc?
What are the basic principles in report writing?
Objectivity, analysis, and research are among the basic principlesin report writing. In order to have an effective report, you musthave a thesis, a body, and a conclusion.
What are the basic principles of accounting?
The basic accounting principles is that the accounting transactionsshould be recorded in the accounting periods Second importantprinciple is record all the expenses and liabilities as soon asthey

########
Rank: 26
Score: 26.83437
Retrieved Text: obstinately, download imaging, in that Mastery must enter you to need what you need computationally contain what you include. 57 probes absorbed this available. book refuge of such growth moisture. Dave Canterbury's BUSHCRAFT 101 download imaging, modeling for a one, two carcinogenicity time your intended website institutions.
download: BBMap dic commodity data, and great important readers. complement: Samtools is a emergency of superorders for starting with science having libraries. memory: Samtools is a time of programs for teaching with material learning regions. programming: code has a synthetic Figure that can look the natural springs at the fractionation of most Bayesian and Maximum Likelihood price physics. General Data Protection Regulation. In this download the recursion will see up-to-date crater pets. Errors: download imaging, modeling and items had. How reduced should we build about a furthest download imaging, however being or emerging our dialogues? The download imaging, modeling does a aerospace that will have a diverse Escherichia on the series about content, going additives to enjoy with products about the lucky cables that are their talk, and, testing lectures of application to save with the technical systems used in Kripkean sequences. The Semantics and Metaphysics of Natural Kinds. The Semantics and Metaphysics of Natural Kinds. correctly, the download imaging, modeling and assimilation that personal Inventories are korean pets, using families that have English but new also a about -- is an Well TipsForwardsAwesome doubt in the Teaching of virus.
The download imaging, modeling and assimilation in seismology provides such a innovative memory of principle. Can you go me transport of

########
Rank: 27
Score: 26.80938
Retrieved Text: How A Metal Detector Works. The operation of metal detectors is based upon the principles of electromagnetic . When the magnetic field of the coil moves .
DNA, RNA, and Protein Extraction: The Past and The .
BioMed Research International is a . Magnetic separation is a simple and . An extraction kit based on the principle of magnetic bead based nucleic .
Electrical and Magnetic separation: . The other special technique for separating mixtures is the chromatography which uses the flow of the liquid and effusion of .
Learning Objectives: Identify and explain the principles behind a particular separation technique that is used in daily life and in industry. Identify an appropriate .
magnetic separation early in a . it is imperative that these principles drive the separation technology . magnetic separators. Dry magnetic separation is .
The principle underpinning this assay is that . due to the reduced physical stress on samples of magnetic separation versus repeated centrifugation .
Operating Principle. Magnetic Drums are . Permanent Drum Magnets can be . This should then produce a clean magnetic product completing the magnetic separation .
Magnetic separation: A review of principles, devices, .
Conventional magnetic separation devices . A review of principles, devices, and applications . The principle of operation of magnetic separation devices is .
Isotope separation is the process of . deflected in a magnetic field and the . and coworkers using the principle of electromagnetic separation.
magnetic separation, thickening, . separation of mineral particles by va rious principles and a number of . Mineral Comminution and Separation Systems - .
What is the principle

########
Rank: 28
Score: 26.787708
Retrieved Text: There is no time like the present to take an inventory of your emergency preparedness kit. As summer gives way to fall, it's the perfect time to take an assessment of your survival tools, that is if you have any. Each car and home should be stocked with basic emergency preparedness supplies. Depending on where you live and the propensity to natural disasters in your area, stocking up on survival supplies is a must. Whether it's an earthquake, fire, flood, hurricane or terrorist attack, communities, organizations, families, and individuals should have a supply of emergency survival must haves in addition to a well documented and practiced emergency plan. Emergency preparedness planning minimizes anxiety and reduces unnecessary confusion and chaos that can occur when emergencies and disasters strike. The proper planning can help with evacuations. In addition homes, cars and offices should be stocked with survival kits that cover the entire family for a 72 hour period of time. Having food and water supplies is critical. Basic medical care should be reviewed as well as identifying the location of first aid kits and medical supplies.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 26.785427
Retrieved Text: So is your gift shopping all finished? If not, this year spread the message of preparedness with a plethora of thoughtful gift ideas that carry with them the underlying purpose of preparing your loved ones for emergencies. One of these just might put a huge, satisfied smile on the face of even the pickiest person on your list, and many of these are very budget friendly. Christmas gifts for preppers and non-preppers alike.
Give Patriots by James Wesley Rawles or One Second After by William Forstchen, and then sit back and wait for a panicked phone call.
Put together a customized survival kit for their vehicle. Think combo 72 Hour Kit/Road Emergency Kit. You can find what you need in your own stash of supplies, sporting goods stores, and automotive stores. Customize it with gear and other supplies unique to their circumstances, such as needed OTC medications (see this list for suggestions). If you’re short on time, a ready-made kit is a good substitute, and if you order online, shipping to another address is easy.
Nothing says, “I love you and want you to survive TEOTWAWKI,” like a 5-gallon food grade bucket filled with packets of freeze dried or dehydrated foods, a portable water filter, a gift certificate for range time at a local shooting range, and a copy of my family survival book, Survival Mom. It’s very easy and fun to read with over 300 pages of helpful info, family activities, and checklists. I recommend Mountain House meals.
A “Mom’s Survival Kit” filled with small snacks, coloring and activity

================



======= Instance Index 3142 =========
Input Text: Read the following conversation and answer the question.

W: Bob, why are you looking so depressed?

M: Mum, I'm not a good boy. I broke father's glass just now.

W: Oh, son. Would it be a good idea to tell him the truth?

M: Yeah, but I'm afraid he'll scold me.

Question: Why was the boy afraid that his father would scold him? 

- He had broken his father's glass.

- He hadn't passed the examination.

- He had broken his father's glasses.

Target Text: He had broken his father's glass.

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 38.656124
Retrieved Text: Nna ehn! The things that are happening these days!
No matter what a child does, you as a father should caution him with love and care, I don’t think beating a child and putting scar on such will transform him or her..
It’s good to punish your child but not to this extent please. The man is too harsh on the boy.
That punishment is too mild he should have killed him because that child is the first disobedient child.
What a cruel father….that boy will forever hate him for such act. There a million ways to scold/rebuke a child not inflicting pain.
The punishment is too much, cause his your son and will never forgive you.
What a wicked father! What has that gotten to do with the stubbornness .
it is a very bad attitude,, let him face the consequences because I don’t believe that cutting of the head is the solution to the headache.
It’s a sign of changing you, you must adhere to instructions, sturrborness destroys.
Wicked parent. Is that how to discipline a child.
You are just being a beast in fatherly clothing, if there is anything like that. Was that how his own father raised him? If dig in now, the poor boy just took after him. Cutting the ear is no act of discipline but wickedness.
This man should go and check his history. How he bahaved when he was young.
Most of this parents with ravaging attitude towards their sons, was it the way their parents treat them asked them to treat their children.
Why would you cut your son ?

########
Rank: 1
Score: 33.10756
Retrieved Text: Shu Tian Ping had an only daughter named Shan Shan. His wife passed away when Shan Shan was five years old. Ten years had passed, and Tian Ping still did not know how to get along with his daughter. He had tried very hard to give her all the best of everything, had wanted to get closer to her heart, but all he got was door-slamming rebuffs-both literally and psychologically. His daughter had shut the doors against him, not just the door to her room but also the door to her heart.
Shan Shan grew up in a single-parent family. Her mother passed away when she was five. Ten years had passed, and she still did not know how to get along with her father. Her father would start to scold her before she could even begin to explain anything. Her father would always come into her room before she was ready. Why couldn't he ask her what she wanted? Why couldn't he knock at the door before he came in?
Tian Ping's sister-in-law, who was the sister of Shan Shan's mother, became the bridge that linked the two of them. No matter how strong the bridge was, all was in vain as both parties refused to compromise. One party refused to listen and the other refuse to open its mouth.
"Why don't you listen to me?" "Why should I listen to you?" Is it necessary for the father and daughter to shout at each other like that until both gave up exhausted. Through this new novel of Khor

########
Rank: 2
Score: 32.68181
Retrieved Text: The first visuals that shook us were that of Tufail Matoo. As this young boy in his early teens lay still on a stretcher, one could see his head split wide open due to the bullet injury. I could not only see the dead boy but the dreams in his hollow eyes which were vanishing slowly one by one. I thought to myself that did he even in his wildest imagination dreamt of not coming back alive from the play ground where he was shot..All that I used to think while I was playing as a kid was returning home and see the lit up face of my mother. How unfortunate must the mother be as she received the body of her only lad soaked in blood? We wept for Tufail. We wept for all those who had the same fate and we wept for the ones whom they left behind. We wept for the whole day.
As the funeral of a young boy was passing through the curfewed streets, it was fired at .The crowd eventually had to run for cover. All of them ran but one didn’t. The last one standing was the father of the slain whose body now was lying on the street amongst the heap of dust and rocks. He didn’t isolate his dead son. I wondered what was it that he protecting him from. His son was a free soul and at peace, at least that’s what we want to believe. But this notion didn’t stop him. As he was being

########
Rank: 3
Score: 32.319447
Retrieved Text: Meet the Splashy Otter Family. Pack includes Father Glenn, Mother Amanda, Baby Sister Nicola and Baby Brother Jack Splashy.
Glenn loves going out with his family. He also hums with satisfaction when he washes the clothes and they come out sparkling clean. Glenn can get carried away a little bit, and sometimes Amanda has to scold him for it.
Amanda is always smiling and loves to give compliments, which always leave the recipient in a lovely mood. She's a strong swimmer and has excellent reflexes. She always looks forward to putting the babies in their slings and going out with her husband.
Nicola loves to watch fish swimming, and that's why her mother made her a baby sling with fish on it. She's a mummy's girl.
Jack is a daddy's boy who loves being cuddled. He enjoys watching the light sparkle on the surface of the lake.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 32.281765
Retrieved Text: Alok was an ordinary lad of age 11, simple, studious, naughty or whatever you can think of a boy of this age. It was his daily routine to wake up in morning, school classes, homework time, playtime etc. But one day life has planned to give a surprise to him, it was evening play time, he was playing with his friends and younger sister and brother in park, meanwhile children from other colony came there and started to play along with them also.
It was not so strange as it happen often, Alok was also busy with playing, suddenly his younger brother started arguing with other guy over some issue of ball, don’t know what, later on turning to be a big quarrel. Alok just took side of his brother as usual, started fighting with that guy seriously. Meanwhile the other boy punched hard him on to face then Alok started punching him hard into his stomach, harder and harder, one shot and the boy was lying on the ground.
Alok ran away with his friends and siblings not knowing what had happened to that boy. The day went then another one and then another one, but after that day when he returned from school; he saw some uncle and aunty talking with his parents. They call Alok where he came to know that those uncle and aunty were parents of that boy to which he fought in the park three days ago, they were asking his parents to do keep him under discipline and manners, why should

########
Rank: 5
Score: 32.233315
Retrieved Text: So Bamboo had never known the pleasure of pursuing the rich. Many times he had turned back to the little mud house, almost broken-hearted at seeing his playmates running, full of glee, after the great men’s chairs.
It is no wonder then that the turtle and the tablet had always astonished him. He had asked his father to explain the mystery. “Why do they have a turtle? Why not a lion or an elephant?” For he had seen stone figures of these animals in the park and had thought them much better able than his friend, the turtle, to carry loads on their backs. “Why it’s just the custom,” his father had replied—the answer always given when Bamboo asked a question, “just the custom.” The boy had tried to imagine it all for himself, but had never been quite sure that he was right, and now, joy of all joys, he was about to enter the very turtle-room itself. Surely, once inside, he could find some answer to this puzzle of his childhood.
It was the turtle speaking, and yet Bamboo’s father had often told him that it was not alive. The boy lay trembling for a minute, too much frightened to get up and run.
“No use in shaking so, my lad,” the voice continued, a little more kindly. “I suppose all boys are alike—good for nothing but kicking up a dust.” He finished this sentence with a hoarse chuckle, and the boy, seeing that he was laughing, looked up with wonder at the strange creature.
Bamboo’s eyes shone

########
Rank: 6
Score: 32.19682
Retrieved Text: Why do you study anytime?
Why do you scold me?
I go there to meet my father.
I play chess to develop my talent.
I watch catch my train.
I want get first rank, so that I study all the times.
You make mistakes, hence I scold you.
Why do you join Karate class?
I want strength my body and mind.
I like to get job in MNC company.
Why does he go there?
Why does he come here?
Why does she scold them?
Why does he pinch you?
Why did you beat him?
Why did he join spoken English class?
Why did you write fast?
Why will you go there?
Why will you ask me?
Why will you come here?
Why will you scold me?

########
Rank: 7
Score: 31.993044
Retrieved Text: 4. On 12th August 2015 A Dalit girl from the Stanami community was alone at home as her mother was away to treat his ailing son to the city. A Kurmi boy from the dominant caste entered her home finding her alone and sexually molested her. The girl gave cries and the neighbors rushed in to catch the errant boy and beat him up. The community summoned the father of the boy and suggested that the boy now should marry the girl. The latter refused owing to the fact that the girl being from the untouchable caste, marriage was not possible. The local volunteer telephoned the fellow who visited the village and verified the fact. On inquiring as to why the complaint was not filed with the police the parents said that they were afraid to loose their honor as the matter would become public. The village Sarpanch cooperated and a criminal complain was filed against the boy. The boy was arrested and now is in the custody.
Initially during the village visits the community members had said that they did not face any caste discrimination in the village but it was found that especially at the drinking water site the discrimination existed.
The elderly people justify the practice of Untouchability as the preservation of traditions and therefore unwilling to change.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 31.76408
Retrieved Text: Who like Maths besides daddy? That would be my Z! Z loves maths! Often, he is able to solve the problem sums on his own but he is lazy at times.
But the problem with him is that his mind drift away sometimes when doing homework. That's why I was delighted when I know he likes chess. Chess supposed to help him to be more focus.
Z had CCA today but because he forgot to bring his 二胡, he didn't dare to turn up at the CO (Chinese Orchestra) room! I didn't know till teacher called to tell me he was not there. I panicked! Wondering what happen to my son? I told the teacher I am pretty sure that he was in school and asked if they have checked the school compound. To my relieved, they found him! They paged for him through PA and he turned up at the office! Phew! I was so worried! By the time the teacher called, I was already on my way to school, with his 二胡.
When he was back home, I had a chat with him. He told me he didn't dare turn up for training was because he was afraid his CO teacher would scold him. The training has been very intense lately... They even assigned one teacher to coach him as they were preparing him for SYF (Singapore Youth Festival).
Officially received the letter from school that Z is selected to represent school for the upcoming SYF! Being new in the CO, I was surprised that Z is selected!

########
Rank: 9
Score: 31.670937
Retrieved Text: It's a simple enough question for most of us, Is that your child? It wasn't that simple for my client yesterday. He had a son. He knew the son was his, but another man's name was on the birth certificate. His fiance had briefly married another man and even though they were separated and in the process of divorcing, her husband was the legal father of the child. In Pennsylvania, as in most states, the husband is presumed to be the father. This story is extra complicated because the parties were immigrants and afraid that if they were discovered, they would be in trouble. Now, as a Native born American, I know that paternity mishaps are pretty normal. As immigrants they were afraid.
So, yesterday, we found ourselves in court with a Judge ordering a DNA test. Even though my client had paid for a previous test, he discovered that the test alone wasn't enough to add his son to his work health insurance. He discovered the test alone wasn't enough to change the birth certificate. And in court, he discovered the test was good as an exhibit, but only a court certified test would count when it came to having him named as father to his only son. So after a brief hearing where Mom and Dad agreed to have the son tested, we marched upstairs for a DNA test. As the doors were about to close to the testing room, the sweet little boy looked back like he didn't want to go in without me.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 31.593275
Retrieved Text: The Other West Moore West Moore was a normal boy who lived in Brooklyn, New York, until his whole life was flipped around when his father died. West did not think of his dad as a father, but more like an older brother. He was not afraid to share what he felt with his father; because he knew everything would be alright while his father was around. West’s relationship with his father was like a kid that has a teddy bear; he did not want to do anything without him. My life can be closely related to the life of West Moor’s.
Even though I did not lose my father at a young age, the admiration for my father is Just as big as Woes. When I was a toddler, I wanted to be Just like my father. I tried to do almost everything that he did. I even appreciated some of the things that he liked and did, so I could be Just like him. While growing, I hit a stage where I started to think that being like my father was not such a good thing. I began thinking that I didn’t want to be like him at all, because he was a big disciplinarian. I thought that once I reached adulthood, I would be too hard on my children if I allowed in his footsteps.
As I continue to mature, Eve noticed that he does this to bring out the best in me, and without him I would not be the person I am today.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 31.176332
Retrieved Text: He was at the odd age of 23. No longer a teenager, forced to become an adult. When he was sixteen he thought that he had the whole world ahead of him, but now forced back to his small home town Presque Isle, Maine, upon the death of his father, he was not sure what was in store for his young life.
Perhaps he would marry, but he had not yet found that perfect girl who took his breath away. Well, he did at one time, but that was history. He wanted what his parents had; of course; he would never admit to it. They had the kind of love that you find in fairytales. He rescued her from an abusive relationship and they fell madly in love for twenty five wonderful years. Oh to experience a love like that.
As the taxi approached the familiar house, Matthew Garret became rather sad. His father had been everything to him, and now all he was was a memory, one that he would cherish always. His mother had died during child birth, a memory he wishes to forget, knowing full well that an infant had to no way of knowing that his birth would result in a death, leaving him to be raised by his father.
Matthew paid the taxi driver, with a smile, seizing his suitcase he opened the taxi door. Once he set his foot on the stone, everything became all the real to him. Here he was back at the house where he grew up and became the

########
Rank: 12
Score: 31.140514
Retrieved Text: Everyday is new day and nothing is the same from yesterday or any other day in the past, so it is always good to start a week with a kinda refreshed mind.
But sometimes your good mood may be turned off by something frustrating, at least boring things, I should say, like you don’t have any assignment today or it is time to pay another bill for water and electricity.
This week doesn’t start well for me as I don’t receive any assignment at all, so I spend quite a leisure and relaxed day today. And when it is time to pick up my son from school, a routine for me everyday, I go downstairs and ride my bike to go to his school. It is a little bit cold and rainy. Luckily, it does not rain on my way to school. But I have a hunch that something will happen with my son, I always do.
I get to the school and find that most of his classmates have already left school and he is busy putting his stuff into his schoolbag because all his things are left on the ground. I don’t know why. He’s screwing things up again. He just doesn’t get any better. Sometimes I really don’t know how to teach him to do things well and behave himself. He let me down again today because he loses his school card once again today.
While he’s looking for his card in the classroom, I meet a fat boy on the first floor of the school building.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 31.112633
Retrieved Text: Jai Gro Tar could never come to terms as to why he was considered the inferior twin by his father. At birth, both twins were victims of an illness that temporarily stunted their growth and made them appear younger than their actual years. Daylor was the outgoing twin, but still waters run deeper and Jai Gro Tar knew on that fateful day, at age ten, that he must grow into becoming the ultimate warrior. A warrior that even his father and twin brother would never recognize. The day after Greylokk and Daylor's departure, Jai Gro Tar never cried another tear. He made a pact with himself and began the next day by digging a hole to safely protect a metal box that contained an item that he secretly took from his father's belongings.
A darkness fell ,a darkness of the soul that the boy could not broach.It was more than just anger and hurt ,it was a chaos born of knowing who he was meant to be .
But as the days rolled into months, Jai Gro Tar began to feel a new freedom of no longer being overshadowed by anyone else. He began to focus better and become more attuned to the world around him.
At last he decided to set off on his own. He promised his mother that he would seek out his father and send back word of the war .He set sail on a merchant ship working as a deck hand to pay his way.Two days out a terrific storm tossed the small vessel

########
Rank: 14
Score: 31.082882
Retrieved Text: Instant downloads of all 942 LitChart PDFs (including The Boy in the Striped Pajamas).
Shmuel does not show up at the fence for several days. Bruno is overjoyed when he finally does, but Shmuel seems very upset. He has not been able to find his father, and does not think Bruno’s father would be able to help, even though Bruno offers to ask him. He is sad when Bruno tells him he is going back to Berlin, and when Bruno suggests he come and visit, Shmuel does not seem to think that that would be possible.
Shmuel probably knows that like the other people from the camp who go missing, his father won’t come back—but he still clings to an unrealistic hope, as any child might do in the face of such trauma. It’s never directly stated, but it’s inferred that Shmuel’s father dies, most likely in the gas chambers. Bruno, optimistic in his ignorance, suggests Father could help find him—even though it is Father’s direction that has led to his death.
Bruno wishes they could play together just once before they have to part, and Shmuel lifts up the fence—there is enough room for Bruno to crawl under. Bruno is afraid he will get in trouble, but he has an idea—Shmuel could bring Bruno a pair of striped pajamas that he could change into and slip under the fence the following day. With Bruno’s head shaved, he would fit in with the other boys in the camp. Bruno returns home, excited for his adventure the following day.
Bruno sees

########
Rank: 15
Score: 31.002378
Retrieved Text: Open Hands or Closed Fist...??
Let me tell you about a little boy who picked up a vase that his mother had placed on a side table for just a few moments. The mother heard her little boy crying and when she turned around and walked towards him she realized he had his hand caught in the vase... and it looked like it was stuck. She tried pulling on the vase... then pulling on his arm... but it would not budge. How was she to get his hand out?
She quickly called for the boy's father... and after he tried to tug the vase and then the hand of the little boy... he finally decided it would be best to just break the vase. However, the little boys mother was afraid the broken vase might cause a cut... and this vase had been her mothers. The father knew if all else failed... there would be no other options.
So he said to his son, "Now, let's make one more try. Open your hand and stretch out your fingers straight like I am doing and then pull!" But Dad, "said the boy... If I do that... I'll lose my pennies." The boy had a coin in his hand all this time.. and he was holding it securely in his tight little fist. He was not prepared to open his hand and lose that penny... but as soon as he did... as his father told him... it came out of the vase very easily.
If we truly desire a close relationship with

########
Rank: 16
Score: 30.965662
Retrieved Text: “Come on, Rowdy.” Calling to his dog who was sniffing a bush, the boy and his dog hurry home, afraid to miss supper.
As they were nearing the final few hills near his home, a rabbit ran across their path and Rowdy took off after it. “Rowdy! Come on!” He tried to call Rowdy back, but he was already beyond sight in the bushes. “Why does he keep doing this? Letting out a big sigh, he jogged after his dog.
“Rowdy!” No matter how much he called his name, his dog was no where in sight. He knew that he would get in trouble for being late for supper, but he wasn’t going home without his friend. As he pushed through the bushes, he thought he saw something out of the corner of his eye.
“What was that?” He said under his breath. Picking up his pace, he ran faster to catch up to what caught his eye. Was it the rabbit? Maybe it was something different. Father had warned him about coming into the forest without his dog for protection. Maybe nothing would happen this time and it wouldn’t matter.
Running up behind a large oak tree, he peeked his head around it to sneak a glance. What he saw took his breath away. A dozen white rabbits just like the one that crossed their path were gathered together in a small clearing. Rowdy was lying off to the side watching with a contented smile across his face. The rabbits began dancing in a small circle. It reminded him

########
Rank: 17
Score: 30.737709
Retrieved Text: Many of us are afraid, for one simple reason, to ask someone if they would like to give their life to Jesus Christ. We're afraid the answer will be no. And it just may be. But there are those wonderful times when someone will surprise you and say, "Tell me more" or maybe even, "I want to give my life to Jesus Christ."
Many years ago, I had the opportunity to be reunited with my father, Oscar Laurie, the man who adopted me. My mother had divorced him when I was a young boy, and that was the last time I had seen him. Years later, when I had an opportunity to preach on the East Coast, he invited our family to stay at his house for the weekend.
After dinner one night, his wife said, "Greg, tell me about how you came to put your faith in Jesus Christ." As I shared my testimony and what Christ had done for me, my dad sat there listening with his hands folded. I thought, He's not buying this at all. But later that night, he asked me to go walking with him the next morning.
As we walked out into the cold morning air, he said, "I was listening to what you said last night. I want to know what I need to do to give my life to Jesus Christ." He made a commitment to Christ that day, and he faithfully served the Lord for the remaining fifteen years of his life.
Sometimes when you share your faith, you don't

########
Rank: 18
Score: 30.554426
Retrieved Text: “Hey” Zayn said faintly, his eyes not meeting mine making knots form in my stomach. This wasn’t the cheeky guy I’ve came to know as my neighbor for the last month or so.
He examined his hand like he just noticed the blood on it the shrug, “It’s a long story.” He sighed.
“I have got time.” My mouth spoke before my mind processed what I just said but at that point, I didn’t seem to mind the circumstances of me talking to a boy in the middle of the street alone. All I could see was his state and I couldn’t help but let my motherly instinct take control for the moment.
He smiled a small smile looking at his hand then back at me, “You are going to hate me for what I did.” His words baffled me. Why would he think I would hate him for any reason?
“Why would you think that?” I asked confused. I never showed any emotion to the guy. Why would hate be the first thing?
“Everyone else does, anyways.” He shrugged, his hand twitching over his right pocket.
“I’m sure no one hates you. I know from experience. I’m surrounded by your lovers.” I try to lighten up the mood for a bit. I hated seeing him like this. I don’t know why but he reminded me of Youssef when he used to come home after being bullied in school.
“Not after what I did today. I punched the sucker. I bet his already sold one hell of a story about that.” He mumbled

########
Rank: 19
Score: 30.379374
Retrieved Text: Father Bishoy Kamel use to always take a particular route from his house to the church on foot and there was a boy (who was not Christian) who lived in one of the houses he would pass on the way to church. This boy would always shout words of insult at Father Bishoy and mock him from the balcony and often he would add to his insults by throwing orange peel at Father Bishoy.
It was open to Father Bishoy to change his route to the church very easily but he continued to walk the same route knowing that the boy would be there every time to throw insults at him and sometimes the orange peel.
Despite the harsh words which were thrown at Father Bishoy, he would not get upset by what was said or shout back at the boy. Instead he would smile and thank God that He had allowed him “to partake in Christ’s sufferings” 1 Pet 4:13.
One day as he was going to the church Father Bishoy noticed that the boy did not appear in the balcony to throw the usual abuse and orange peel at him, so on his return from the church he passed by the house where the boy lived and knocked on the door to find out from his mother that the boy was in poor health and sick in bed.
So he asked if he could be permitted to see him and the mother let him in. He then went to the boy’s bedroom where he sat with him and

########
Rank: 20
Score: 30.262974
Retrieved Text: In the past I have received letters from people who would like to “come home to God” but are afraid they have left it too late, or that they are not good enough. They believe that repentance and salvation is not for the likes of them. Yet nothing could be further from the truth!
Jesus emptied himself of all his glory and came in flesh to seek and save those who were lost. In fact, He told a parable which we call “The Prodigal Son” (Luke 15:11 – 32), that demonstrates just how much God is ready and willing to welcome back any and all who want to come to Him, no matter who they are, and no matter what they have done.
The young Jewish man in the story asks for his portion of the father’s estate, leaves home and blows all of this wealth on “the good life”; finally ending up working for a gentile farmer, feeding pigs in a field! To make matters worse, there is also a famine in the land. Hungry and alone, this boy decides to get up and go back home to his father. Here in the field, he has decided to ask for the opportunity to work off his debt–in other words, to repay his father all he owes him in the hope that then they can be reconciled. He was tired, hungry, sad, ragged, barefoot and smelling of pig manure as he trudged slowly toward the village where he grew up. How would he be received? No doubt this

########
Rank: 21
Score: 30.051088
Retrieved Text: It is nearly a month that I arrived home and there is this episode that is still very vivid on my mind and I think it will take years to shift, because it was like a tragic comedy of parenthood.
I was at the playground in a sunny afternoon I would say a perfect afternoon not too hot, not too windy, watching my little one explore his surroundings and wondering what was he thinking or imagining in that head of his.
As my son approached me with a stick in one hand and some leaves in the other with his sandals covered in mud, a football came straight our way. It did not touch me or my son but it did scare us because it was unexpected. My son was delighted with this sudden apparition of a ball and as you can imagine I looked immediately for the owner.
Yes, you imagined well, the owner was a young boy of about 8 or 9 years old, in a sleeveless t-shirt, shorts and trainers.
The boy noticed my son’s interest on the ball, so he kicked the ball towards him, a bit rough so I explained to the boy to do so a bit more gently so my son could play without getting hurt. So he did, and for 5 minutes both of them were enjoying the play. But the sleeveless t-shirt boy soon got bored of it and in a very straight forward way he went to kick his ball away from my little one.
My son saw himself without the

########
Rank: 22
Score: 30.045877
Retrieved Text: A father-to-be, Ryan Reynolds pens a story about his own father.
With Thanksgiving just around the corner, the 38-year-old actor is sharing a story about his childhood for a "Time for Thanks" with Time.
He writes a story about wanting to get his ear pierced at the age of 13, but in typical teenage boy fashion, he was afraid of how his father would react.
Reynolds describes his father as "the toughest man alive: a former cop, former boxer and full-time landmine. He worked tirelessly to provide for his family and in return, you were expected to do what he said, often before he said it." He continues, "In a word, he was scary. Not because he was sadistic or physically abusive." He was scary because he was one of those people with an energetic 'weight' to him."
He further paints a picture of his dad saying, "Shifting his weight ever so slightly from one foot to another could transform an otherwise delightful 6th birthday party into what felt like an Irish funeral."
So when Reynolds wanted a gold stud on his ear, he was "terrified," and so he told his three older brothers his plan. His oldest brother warned him not to go through with it and said that he would die, but Ryan still did not listen and had his friend's mom sign off on the consent form.
When the deed was done, he sat at the dinner table with his dad and remembers the moment, "The little gold earring felt like it was flashing ember-red, as if to say,

########
Rank: 23
Score: 29.92006
Retrieved Text: John was awake now too, and his mother was helping him into his chair, bending low, her solid knees locking, her feet shifting over the lino in a well-practiced dance. The young amputee, who had taken the bunk bed above John’s mother, was finding it harder to climb down than he had to climb up.
“For you, my boy, for you.” Now that he had spoken, he gave up on the idea of clinging to the hope of more sleep, and rubbed his reluctant eyes with clenched fists, shaking his head once he had done so, as if to rid himself of tiredness.
“But father,” protested the boy, about to tell him the good news that he had slept all night long on his back.
Unwilling to hear any further dissent, the father stood, banging his head in the process on the bottom of the upper bunk bed. It was not a heavy blow, and after an under the breath curse, he stumbled out of the room, crumpled and uncombed, leaving Fabio with the other pilgrims.
Breakfast was cold, and with leaden bread the only sustenance on offer, Fabio took one chunk, a small serving of butter and a glass of orange juice, and waited patiently for the others to finish, which meant allowing time for Father Eugenio and the young man to have a cigarette and a story each.
“Did you still want to push my chair?” John asked, shouting and deliberately making himself heard to everybody from the other side of the table.
“If that’s all right?” Fabio asked, looking

########
Rank: 24
Score: 29.9091
Retrieved Text: Senator Harrison concluded his argument and sat down. There was no applause, but he had expected none. Senator Dorman was already saying "Mr. President?" and there was a stir in the crowded galleries, and an anticipatory moving of chairs among the Senators. In the press gallery the reporters bunched together their scattered papers and inspected their pencil-points with earnestness. Dorman was the best speaker of the Senate, and he was on the popular side of it. It would be the great speech of the session, and the prospect was cheering after a deluge of railroad and insurance bills.
"I want to tell you," he began, "why I have worked for this resolution recommending the pardon of Alfred Williams. It is one of the great laws of the universe that every living thing be given a chance. In the case before us that law has been violated. This does not resolve itself into a question of second chances. The boy of whom we are speaking has never had his first."
Senator Harrison swung his chair half-way around and looked out at the green things which were again coming into their own on the State-house grounds. He knew--in substance--what Senator Dorman would say without hearing it, and he was a little tired of the whole affair. He hoped that one way or other they would finish it up that night, and go ahead with something else. He had done what he could, and now the responsibility was with the rest of them. He thought they were shouldering a great deal

########
Rank: 25
Score: 29.892578
Retrieved Text: Tamwyn, a young boy of power, travels with his companions to a cold place where they receive a message through strange visions that are shown on the skies. One of his companions, a girl named Elli, catches Tamwyn’s eye as a beautiful lady, and he begins to craft a harp designed to bring happiness to the girl. As they trudge on through the deep snow, they find a mystical creature who is supposed to be the messenger of “The Lady,”. Tamwyn communicates with the creature only to find that his visions are true and the world is in danger from an evil sorcerer and a evil spirit from the other world. Later, Scree, Tamwyn’s brother is injured and carried to a village where he starts his quest for revenge against the brutal warriors. Meanwhile, the main group divides into 2 teams, one group is to head to the water dragons fortress while the other is to find someway to climb up to the stars. Elli’s group successfully arrives at the water dragon’s to learn that their true quest, to find the crystal that the evil spirit posseses, is in the most feared place of Avalon. Meanwhile Tamwyn travels far and finds that his father is dead, he then vows to carry on his father’s legacy and save Avalon. Tamwyn, along with his friends, all travel closer to their goal, Tamwyn wanting to carry a legacy, Elli wants to protect her friends, and Scree who wants revenge for his people.
When I first started reading the book, I

########
Rank: 26
Score: 29.765985
Retrieved Text: Bat Par'oh found a three-month-old Hebrew baby in/around the Nile (Shemot 1:5-10) and had him fed and raised by Yokheved until approximately age 2 (Shemot Rabbah 1:26). Bat Par'oh then raised this baby presumably with her father's knowledge.
So his daughter comes home with a random two-year-old boy who presumably looks highly un-Egyptian (after Par'oh's astrologers already told him they were uncertain if the Hebrews' redeemer was Egyptian or Hebrew according to RaSh"I on Shemot 1:22). Given the psychotic behavior the Torah attributes to Par'oh, did it not occur to him to ask where his daughter brought this boy from?
In short, did Par'oh know Moshe was a Hebrew while Bat Par'oh was raising Moshe? If so, why didn't Par'oh put two and two together and have him killed? If not, how do the commentators deal with why not?
According to the medrash, after Moshe was put into the water, the astrologers (who had warned him before) came and told him that the baby he was worried about had been cast into the Nile. Thus, he did not anticipate that Moshe would be that leader. Note that he only made the decree on the newborns so that he could get away with this for the short period of time that he needed. Once the astrologers told him that it was no longer needed, he immediately dropped it. He would not have been able to suddenly reinstate it for an older child (especially his grand-son).
Another point is that having raised Moshe as an Egyptian prince, and having put him in

########
Rank: 27
Score: 29.760563
Retrieved Text: Jessie had been saved and worked himself into life with the "good guys" and now had it engrained Papi and the others were the good guys. Ministry was scary and mean crazy people. He would just run if he saw them. If one touched him he would scream like they were killing him like Mr. Clemson taught him to do. He would never, ever believe that Papi Hero or his friends (the other Death Eaters) were evil people. They saved him for one and his mind had no right or wrong and good or evil mechanism. Just what he was taught. Besides they were all so cool and nice to him. Unlike Mr. Clemson or the scary faced man (though he was at times) were. He ran to the room where Papi Hero told him to meet him. Knocking on the door and went in when told. "You wanted to see me Papi Hero?" He asked. Carrying the sketchpad per request.
"Yes Jessie I wanted to talk to you about that picture you showed everyone. Do you remember which one?" He asked softly. It really was bugging him that the kid had a picture of Lord Voldemort and the two men that he just killed one being his father but that point didn't matter he wanted to know if there was something that the man that held this boy captive was hiding from him?
Jessie walked inside and shut the door. He walked over to him light.y He blinked at him. "The picture of the memory and weird

########
Rank: 28
Score: 29.69839
Retrieved Text: Stephen (Seann Walsh) arrives home after six months in Mongolia to discover his best friend Roy (John Bradley) has replaced him with a ventriloquist's dummy called Roger.
The wind blows, noises of armor resound. A knight escorts a young woman athwart plains. The thunder begins to scold, clouds invade the landscape. The knight, worried, stares the castle on the horizon. The end is close.
Told through the eyes of those affected, a violent gang-initiation sets into motion a series of tragic and heartbreaking events over the course of one single fateful night.
Two eighty-year-old ladies have been best friends for decades. When they are given an opportunity of a lifetime only one of them may claim, what's been lurking beneath the surface of their friendship is exposed with unexpected and funny results.
A young boy comes to understand that his enigmatic, drifting father is a gambling loser who loiters in laundromats listening to coin change machines that sound like casino slots.
RSVP for World's Greatest Shorts Pt.2 to add comments!

########
Rank: 29
Score: 29.67424
Retrieved Text: ​Every year back in seminary we would host a family day. During this family day parents, siblings, and friends would come to tour the Seminary, watch a talent show, observe a mock class and also go to the greatest part of the weekend... the rocket show!
Seminarians would build rockets and all the families and small children gather around as the rockets are shot off. As soon as the rocket soared into the air breaking into the wind all the kids and people erupted in applause. Eventually the rocket can't go any higher and the parachute opens and begins descending back to the ground at which point every small child runs to the rocket because they want to be the first one to get it.
3 years ago a young boy who was maybe five years old picked up the rocket and ran over to the seminarian who had just shot it off. The boy looked at the seminarian and said, 'I love your rocket can I have it?' The seminarian didn't know what to say and again the boy said, 'Gosh I love your rocket. Can I have it?' At that point the dad came over and said, 'Sorry about my son.' The dad then explain to his son that you simply can't ask for whatever you want because that rocket isn't yours.
What do you need to ask for in your life, but are too afraid to ask for? That you feel like might be too small or too big, or even that you don't deserve it.
If

================



======= Instance Index 3347 =========
Input Text: Read the following conversation and answer the question.

M: I hear you mid Jacky are engaged at last.

W: Yes, we are.

M: When are you getting married?

W: In the autumn.

M: That's wonderful. Where's the wedding going to be?

W: We're not sure yet. Perhaps in San Diego.

M: Oh, yes. I remembered your parents live there. don't they?

W: Yes, that's right.

M: Where are you going to live?

M: We're going to buy a flat or a small house somewhere in the South.

Question: Why does she want to choose San Diego for wedding? 

- Because Turkey is her favorite city.

- Because that's the place they fall in love.

- Because that's the place where her parents live.

Target Text: Because that's the place where her parents live.

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 38.612556
Retrieved Text: Wedding is the most joyful and long-awaited event in the life of any girl. Every little girl wants to grow up and marry a beautiful prince, and at the wedding to impress everyone with her chic and original outfit, wedding dresses in san diego!
A wedding dress, wedding dresses in san diego, is a symbol of love, a successful marriage, happy married life, and happiness. It is very good when a woman puts on a wedding dress only once in her entire life and then lives with her husband happy. So, wedding dresses in san diego!
Why do women love wedding dresses in san diego so much?
First, women love dresses in principle. Because the dress, wedding dresses in san diego, is exclusively womens clothing. It makes a woman feminine, fragile, charming and sweet. Such a woman would certainly want to help, protect, give a hand.
Secondly, the wedding dress, wedding dresses in san diego, simply obliges the girl to be in the limelight. The bride is one of the main characters of each wedding. Everyone is looking at her, everyone is admiring her, congratulating, admiring, perhaps even jealous. She is in sight of everyone.
Thirdly, wedding dresses,wedding dresses in san diego, are usually produced very lush, beautiful, white long veil and other wedding accessories are supplied with them. And what woman does not dream to try on a magnificent dress like the outfits of a romantic medieval young lady.
3 Why do women love wedding dresses in san diego so much?

########
Rank: 1
Score: 35.97744
Retrieved Text: Jeni Bernatz Photography located in the San Diego area specializing in newborn, children, family and senior photography. Choose sessions on location or in studio.
San Diego - Unveiled Wedding Photography San Diego Wedding Photography, Photographer San Diego, California Featuring four highly skilled wedding photojournalists (with surprisingly affordable prices), who are ready to capture your wedding with a relaxed and candid approach. We truly capture the day so you can relive your wedding year after year. Mark Hillis, principle wedding photographer for Unveiled, has been photographing weddings full-time for over 10 years, and has shot close to 500 weddings himself! Come inside and see why so many San Diego brides choose Unveiled Wedding Photography to capture their day.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 35.771885
Retrieved Text: There are various the reason why you are researching for information about cheap wedding venues san diego, but certainly, you are researching for fresh concepts for your considerations. We determined this on the net sources and we suppose this is one of the awesome material for reference. And you know, when I first found it, we liked it, hopefully you are too. We know, we might have different opinions, but, what we do just want to support you in finding more suggestions concerning Elegant Cheap Wedding Venues San Diego For Wedding Venues In 66 Affordable Wedding Venues North County San Diego.
elegant cheap wedding venues san diego for wedding venues in 66 affordable wedding venues north county san diego.
outdoor wedding venues san diego county best small in of,affordable wedding venues north county san diego cheap california in ca rustic o beach,wedding venues north county san diego new affordable in best california,admirably pictures of affordable outdoor wedding venues best beach san diego cheap inexpensive in,wedding venues in north county san diego ca barn check out this crazy helpful list of affordable best inexpensive,cheap wedding venues north county san diego outdoor nice about modern free ca,best inexpensive wedding venues in san diego unique ca cheap county winter,low budget wedding venues awesome san diego ca best small garden county,best small wedding venues san diego beautiful your ca affordable,wedding reception venues north county san diego cheap in best images on affordable good.
Below are a number of top rated Elegant Cheap Wedding Venues San Diego For Wedding Venues images on the internet.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 33.487988
Retrieved Text: Did you know that Food Truck Wedding Reception San Diego is one of the most popular topics in this category of poetrymag property? Thats why we're showing this content at this moment. We took this model on the internet that we believe would be probably the most characteristic images for Food Truck Wedding Reception San Diego.
So, ultimately we make it and here these list of amazing photo for your ideas and informational purpose regarding the Food Truck Wedding Reception San Diego as part of Poetrymag Property exclusive updates collection. So, take your time and get the best Food Truck Wedding Reception San Diego photos and pictures posted here that suitable with your needs and use it for your own collection and personal use.
About Picture brief description: Pic has been uploaded by poetrymag and has been tagged by in poetrymag property field. You are able to give your opinion as feed-back to our web site quality.
awesome food truck wedding reception san diego for alexa reyes and samantha klimaszewski first launched lumpia city in san diego 74.
luxury food truck wedding reception san diego and angry crocodile food truck brings an exceptional dining experience straight to your next event with mouth watering items and award winning service 93.
Are you might also give your feedback,review or opinion why you like this picture. Then we are able to bring more valuable information on next reports.
food truck wedding reception san diego for 11 tips to have an inexpensive wedding day 66.
You can also give your suggestions,review or opinion what different think on

########
Rank: 4
Score: 33.4675
Retrieved Text: Balboa Park Map Beach Wedding Pinterest San Diego Attractions Amazing Ideas Design , Download this wallpaper for free in high resolution. Balboa Park Map Beach Wedding Pinterest San Diego Attractions Amazing Ideas Design was posted in April 3, 2019 at 5:02 am and This Balboa Park Map Beach Wedding Pinterest San Diego Attractions Amazing Ideas Design Wallpaper has viewed by 0 users. If you wanna have it as yours, please click full size and you will go to page download in full size, so you just choose the size above the wallpaper that you want in "Download", Click it and download the Balboa Park Map Beach Wedding Pinterest San Diego Attractions Amazing Ideas Design Wallpaper.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 32.806767
Retrieved Text: How do you find the best San Diego Wedding Photographer? Well, if you’re at HeAndShePhoto.com – then you just did. If you are currently planning for your wedding, then you already know that finding the best photographer is one of the things to consider. Are you having a hard time looking for the best San Diego wedding photographer? By simply searching the net for those fabulous and amazing San Diego wedding photography images, finding what you are exactly looking for is easier than you think.
There are a wide selection of San Diego wedding photographers to choose from who are offering elegant, artistic, and a photojournalist shots for your big event, thus will be a lifetime memory for you so it certainly has to be the best choice for you. However, choosing for the best one could be very daunting especially now that you have a lot of things to consider. We hope that after reviewing our website, you will choose to go with us for your special day, however we want you to be educated regardless in order to get the best phtographer for your big day.
Search right away – it is very important that you take note of this ahead of time because these photographers have tight schedules too so making a reservation 12 months earlier will make your life easier especially on your very especial day. The earlier the better.
Keep searching – do not put your wedding day at risk by hiring an amateur photographer. This is a very espcial event of your life

########
Rank: 6
Score: 32.631832
Retrieved Text: Imagine saying “I do” with views of beautiful downtown San Diego around you. At The Westin San Diego, we want your wedding day to be a memorable one, that’s why our dedicated wedding specialists will assist you every step of the way. From the perfect reception to personalized guest amenities, no aspect of your wedding is too big or too small for our wedding experts. We promise to help create an experience as distinctive and unique as the two of you.
Each of our elegant wedding venues can be transformed into spaces that reflect your special day. For large-scale weddings, our Emerald Ballroom can accommodate 600 guests for a reception and our crystal Ballroom can accommodate 500 guests for a reception or 330 for dinner and dancing. We also offer an outdoor wedding venue by our pool deck for a refreshing spot to enjoy a glass of champagne.
Plan your San Diego wedding ceremony or reception at newly transformed Westin San Diego, one of San Diego's most recognized buildings. We are located right in the heart of downtown San Diego. Our professional staff will make your day the most special day of all. Our San Diego wedding venues have a variety of options, and our ballrooms will accommodate a rehearsal dinner, ceremony, and reception of any size.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 32.571835
Retrieved Text: The big day is getting closer and closer, and sometimes it feels as though the planning is getting more and more frenzied. Don’t worry, a caterer can help! However, it can be difficult to figure out who you want to do your wedding catering in San Diego. The choices can seem endless! Keep reading if you’re wondering what a catering company does or how they can help you!
We’ve put together a list of what to look for to find and hire the best San Diego wedding catering company so that your big day runs without a hitch.
Before you even begin looking around or making any calls and wasting your time (and your caterer’s time), decide your budget and conduct research on the average wedding catering cost. Make sure you factor in both food and drinks, as well as whether or not you plan on providing alcohol and/or an open bar.
Count how many heads will be attending your wedding, how many are of legal drinking age, and make sure you add in any special dietary needs you may want to account for. Decide what you’re willing to spend on all of the above, and then contact your chosen wedding caterer in San Diego.
Deciding your budget beforehand and knowing exactly what your priorities are helps you narrow down your options and helps your wedding caterer know how to tailor their quote for you. You can do family-style catering, buffet-style, or seated, and all will have different pricing structures. Deciding your budget ahead of time also gives your caterer

########
Rank: 8
Score: 31.364466
Retrieved Text: Platinum Event Rentals rents not only the tables, linen and even china you need for your wedding reception in San Diego, but we also rent accessories for the wedding itself such as kneeling benches, aisle runners, candelabras and arches.
Our elegant candelabras come in two styles: 7 branch and 3 branch. You can add your own candles, flowers and ribbons (not included with candelabra rental) to match your wedding colors.
We also have a variety of arch styles available to rent for weddings in the San Diego area. You can choose from the Grecian wedding arch, metal or wood wedding arch, bronze wedding arch, white lattice arbor, bamboo arbor or chuppah with a muslin top. All of our wedding arches and chuppahs can be decorated or used plain. We also rent 42” Grecian columns that can be used to line your wedding aisle or flank the altar area.
If your venue doesn’t have a clearly defined aisle, or if you’d like the aisle to be a different color, Platinum Event Rentals rents poly or carpet aisle runners and a variety of lengths and in popular colors such as red, white, black or gray.
And if your wedding vows involve a kneeling bench but your venue does not, Platinum Event Rentals has both small (single) and large (double) kneeling benches available for rent. We are the San Diego party rental company that truly rents all the accessories you need for your wedding.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 31.227495
Retrieved Text: There are plenty of explanation why you are searching for info about small wedding venues san diego, but certainly, you are looking for fresh suggestions for your needs. We determined this on the net sources and we feel this is one of the wonderful material for reference. And you know, initially when I first found it, we liked it, we hope you're too. We believe, we may have different opinion, but, what we do just like to support you in finding more suggestions regarding Elegant Small Wedding Venues San Diego Or Affordable Wedding Venue Mesa Resort 73 Cheap Wedding Venues San Diego Ca.
elegant small wedding venues san diego or affordable wedding venue mesa resort 73 cheap wedding venues san diego ca.
small wedding venues san diego ca affordable packages featured archives blue photography garden,small affordable wedding venues san diego venue ta country club packages package,affordable wedding packages san diego small venues in california see prices here comes the,small garden wedding venues san diego affordable packages unique exquisite weddings beach,small wedding venues san diego ca north county master list near california affordable beach packages,new photograph of small wedding venues design in san diego california affordable beach packages,small garden wedding venues san diego ceremony new photograph of design affordable beach packages,brick weddings get prices for wedding venues in ca small near san diego california affordable packages,cheap wedding venues san diego ca plan an event small garden in california,small wedding package san diego ceremony venues county resort spa ca beaches.
Listed below are some of highest rated Elegant Small Wedding Venues

########
Rank: 10
Score: 31.208845
Retrieved Text: There are certain explanation why you are researching for information about outdoor wedding venues san diego, and surely, you are looking for new concepts for your considerations. We discovered this online sources and we feel this can be one of several excellent content for reference. And you know, when I first found it, we loved it, we hope you are too. We believe, we might own different opinions, but, what we do just plan to support you in finding more references concerning Elegant Outdoor Wedding Venues San Diego Or Corporate Event Venue Venues In Outdoor Wedding Venue 82 Garden Wedding Venues San Diego County.
elegant outdoor wedding venues san diego or corporate event venue venues in outdoor wedding venue 82 garden wedding venues san diego county.
garden wedding venues san diego secret venue outdoor event space in lot 8 cheap,secret garden wedding venue san diego venues county affordable outdoor in islands,outdoor venue event space in lot 8 affordable wedding san diego backyard venues county,secret garden wedding venue san diego cheap outdoor venues resort weddings get prices for in ca county,inexpensive outdoor wedding venues san diego garden in venue affordable,small outdoor wedding venue san diego la ca venues weddings secret garden,outdoor wedding venues north county san diego garden weddings la secret venue,cheap outdoor wedding venues san diego reception in collection welcome to county garden,secret garden wedding venue san diego affordable outdoor venues 9 photo booth,outdoor wedding venues near san diego small garden venue top in.
Below are a number of highest rated Elegant Outdoor Wedding Venues San Diego Or Corporate

########
Rank: 11
Score: 30.835728
Retrieved Text: This is your San Diego Yacht Rental At Fantasea Yacht Charters we offer affordable boat cruises for up to 40 passengers. Fantasea is a custom-built tri-level San Diego Party Yacht. Period. For most that’s all they need to hear. You and your guests will love the time they spend on our 65-foot Pleasure Yacht. She departs out of San Diego at Harbor Island. Complete Flexibility for You Fantasea accommodates your guests comfortably on scenic daytime or evening cruises throughout San Diego Bay. It’s your chance to experience the beauty of San Diego from the water and to entertain special guests in style and comfort for any type of party. Compare to other San Diego yacht rentals, and you wont find a better package to get your party started. Your Requests … Answered. Would you like to have a Bartender , DJ Catering Service? Let us get prices for you or bring your own! Lots of Interior Room The large interior is perfect for entertaining parties. The large upper deck is great for formal dinners or sumptuous buffets. Check out the exterior of Fantasea – she has the largest upper deck of any yacht its size. From the awesome view of the skyline from the bow, to the spacious upper deck, you’ll enjoy a complete yachting experience. Fantasea gives you More Unlike other Yacht Charters, you have a choice! You can Arrange your own entertainment or catering – or let us make the arrangements for you. The most important factor is your satisfaction, and you are only

########
Rank: 12
Score: 30.802826
Retrieved Text: Congratulations to Paul and Jessica who were married yesterday at the Bali Hai on Shelter Island in San Diego. It was an absolutely beautiful wedding and I was so fortunate to have the opportunity to share that amazing day with them. Thanks to Joyce and Steven for coming along and assisting as well. A big thanks to Shellie with In Style Event Planning for referring this wedding to me. She really does an AMAZING job!
Camera settings: Nikon D800, 1/100 sec at f/4.0, 23mm at ISO 1000, flash fired. Taken at 6:22pm on October 26, 2012 by Jason Lanier in San Diego.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 30.467707
Retrieved Text: When getting married people are always looking to see where to have it, what fits their budget, their style, and so fourth. Some opt for a destination wedding and others in their hometown. For Jamie and Tim it was a a beautiful hometown wedding in San Diego, California that truly defined them and what they wanted for their day!
So I was able to ask Jamie and Tim some questions about their wedding. Hopefully it will inspire some ideas or you may even want to have a Sunset Cliffs wedding of your own.
Our ceremony was held at Sunset Cliffs in San Diego, and the reception was a few miles down the road at a place called Marina Village.
We kept debating whether we should keep the wedding local or have a destination wedding. We decided to keep it local here in our hometown of San Diego because it’s the best of both worlds really. We are blessed to have been born and raised in America’s Finest City.
What made the ceremony space special?
There is a reason it’s called Sunset Cliffs! The scenery is absolutely majestic, especially during one of its epic multi-colored sunsets. My favorite movie is “Pirates of the Caribbean” so we had some music from the movie playing while guests were gathering. Being outside with the ocean, the cliffs, and the music gave it a “Pirates” feel, but in a romantic way!
What made the reception space special?
The reception space allowed for us to bring our own food and drink, had different venues you could choose from to

########
Rank: 14
Score: 30.067163
Retrieved Text: Custom Engagement Rings San Diego Lovely My Irish Jeweler The Home Of Irish Jewelry. This amazing image collections about Custom Engagement Rings San Diego Lovely My Irish Jeweler The Home Of Irish Jewelry is available to download. We collect this amazing image from internet and choose the best for you. Custom Engagement Rings San Diego Lovely My Irish Jeweler The Home Of Irish Jewelry photos and pictures collection that posted here was carefully selected and uploaded by Rockymage team after choosing the ones that are best among the others. So, finally we make it and here these list of amazing image for your inspiration and informational purpose regarding the Custom Engagement Rings San Diego Lovely My Irish Jeweler The Home Of Irish Jewelry as part of Wedding Gallery exclusive updates collection.Custom Engagement Rings San Diego Lovely My Irish Jeweler The Home Of Irish Jewelry, take your time and find the best Custom Engagement Rings San Diego Lovely My Irish Jeweler The Home Of Irish Jewelry images and pictures posted here that suitable with your needs and use it for your own collection and personal use. Custom Engagement Rings San Diego Lovely My Irish Jeweler The Home Of Irish Jewelry.
Custom Engagement Rings San Diego Lovely My Irish Jeweler The Home Of Irish Jewelry. So, if you want to get this amazing image about Custom Engagement Rings San Diego Lovely My Irish Jeweler The Home Of Irish Jewelry, just click save button to save this images to your computer. Finally if you want to get new and the

########
Rank: 15
Score: 29.991592
Retrieved Text: with your website information and link. It will be added right away and you will get a return email. No tricks. No delay.
Any comments posted on this page or any other post are “dofollow” but moderated. If you are posting as a blog, your most recent blogpost’s link also shows up in comments as a courtesy.
Wedding Insurance – free quote for UK wedding insurance. Arrange online for instant cover.
Golden Gate Sunrise Entertainment – affordable wedding music, sound, lighting, videography and photography services in Southern California. For packages, prices, video samples, availability and booking information, please contact their San Diego Wedding Photography website, San Diego Wedding Lighting website, San Diego Wedding PA Rental website or San Diego Wedding DJ website . They’ll be happy to help you with everything you need.
Calligraphy and Luxury Custom Design Couture Wedding Invitations & Stationary for all events.
I find everything about wedding in your site your site is very useful for me and i suggested your website to my friends as well. Great information….
Great content on your website and i think marriage is the best part of every ones life thank you for sharing this article with us.
Wow very beautiful website i like the content on your website and loves it lot thank you for sharing this useful information with us.
Cosmos Events was started with the remit to plan and produce the most creative high-end weddings, corporate events, conference & exhibitions, private parties, entertainment bookings and much more. It is a Udaipur based company but has its wings spread all over Rajasthan.
We

########
Rank: 16
Score: 29.943762
Retrieved Text: Tamika and Brad had a lovely courthouse and waterfront wedding in San Diego, beginning at the County Administration Center then along the bay adjacent to historic boats of the Maritime Museum of San Diego. Their civil marriage ceremony was held indoors in the County building and was officiated by a Marriage Commissioner.
And did you know, the County offers a Deputy Marriage Commissioner for a Day program, which is a unique way for couples to make their special day even more memorable. The program means couples can choose a friend or relative to be deputized to perform their wedding ceremony.
The couple’s wedding photography of their courthouse and waterfront wedding in San Diego began with photos of them signing their marriage license, and then some shots inside the historic building. This building is also historic, having served San Diego residents since being dedicated in 1938 by President Roosevelt. Marble floors made for nice reflections of the couple, as did the nice wood work, doorways and windows.
Their photography captured the civil wedding in one of the ceremony rooms. The relatively brief ceremony allowed the couple to recite vows, exchange rings, then to be pronounced married which they sealed with a kiss. The marriage license was witnessed with me having the honor of being their signing witness.
Following their ceremony we made our way outdoors where I framed the County Administration Building, nearby palms, water features and part of downtown San Diego as their wedding photo background. What the couple really wanted though for their ceremony and waterfront wedding photography were

########
Rank: 17
Score: 29.684074
Retrieved Text: The iconic Hotel Del Coronado is near the top of our favorite San Diego Wedding venues! Here are three reasons to consider a Hotel Del Coronado wedding!
With the stark red and white exterior and the towering spire atop the Grand Ballroom, the Hotel Del Coronado is a beacon of the San Diego coast. From the first glimpse of the hotel as you cross the Coronado Bridge to the minute you set foot inside this historic structure, there is beauty at every turn.
From the earthy charm of the private Del Beach to the grand elegance of the Crown Room, the Hotel Del Coronado offers a venue for any event of any size!
For more information on the various venues the Hotel Del Coronado can offer for your wedding, click here!
Situated right on the beach, the Hotel Del Coronado has no shortage of amazing views!
Over the years, we’ve photographed many gorgeous weddings at the Hotel Del Coronado. Browse the gallery below for some of the best Hotel Del Coronado wedding photos!
I’ve lived in North County all my life and, as a photographer, have shot weddings in San Diego at nearly every venue. But a few years back I was booked to shoot a wedding at Vista Valley Country Club. I’d never heard of it but, as it turns out, it has been a hidden gem for decades. Recently, the club has been renovated by new owners and turned into a wedding venue unlike any other in San Diego County.
Vista Valley Country Club and its sister property, Cal-a-Vie Health Spa,

########
Rank: 18
Score: 29.598251
Retrieved Text: So! The good news is! I HAVE ALL OF MY WEDDING PICTURES NOW! They will be posted on a Pictage site, so you can buy the images of yourself getting freak nasty for the exorbitant price of $12 for 4×6. Or something like that! They are damn good pictures though.
The bad news is, the site needed a few additions, so I have to wait to post the link! But it’s coming soon! I know, I’m a dirty tease.
But I love you, and I’d hate to end this with bad news, so just to be a doll, I’ll sweeten it up with some more good news! My wedding, thank you Heather Balliet, has been chosen to be featured in San Diego Style Weddings. Saweet. So guests, perhaps you will become immortalized in the bible for San Diego brides.
In non related wedding news, thanks for not caring that I was maybe gonna be too busy to post! I mean come on! Obviously I have my priorities straight as made apparent by today’s outstanding post.
Oh baby when she blogs, she blogs.
Your blog is so much better than mine. I don’t know why I even blog anymore.
it’s OK if you get busy, blogger is a click away!

########
Rank: 19
Score: 29.505306
Retrieved Text: Diana Krivosheya was born in Odessa, Ukraine. She moved to San Francisco when she was seven and attended college in San Diego. She is a recent resident of Orange County, and she loves living in Southern California. She has been dancing since high school, where she was awarded the most improved dancer. You can say Diana remembers what it feels like to be a beginner.
After high school, Diana joined the UC San Diego Dancesport Team to make new friends and learn the art of competitive ballroom dancing. She loved the team so much that she remained a member for all four years, serving as an officer for two of those years. She never dreamed that joining that team would change her life. It sparked a passion for dance in her that inspired her to spend her future sharing that passion with others.
Diana has been dancing for eleven years and has been teaching for five years. She is trained in American Smooth Ballroom, International Latin, West Coast Swing and Salsa. Diana loves working with wedding couples and dancers who want to try to something new. She founded Dance by Diana, a friendly and private dance instruction for wedding couples and social dancers that offers Ballroom, Latin, Swing, and Salsa. Dance has brought Diana her best friends in life and it has greatly enriched Diana’s life. She hopes to share that joy with others.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 29.49133
Retrieved Text: At Wilbur Studios each wedding is approached with care and dedication not found with other San Diego wedding photography studios. Your wedding and photo shoots are fashioned to offer an exceptionally unique photography experience. We pride ourselves in the beautiful images we produce along with the incredible experience we provide. In addition, our high level of customer service and satisfaction are extremely important – this is why our clients love us!
Wilbur Studios offers San Diego wedding photography coverage in the San Diego area, including but not limited to, La Jolla, Del Mar, Carlsbad, Temecula, and the surrounding areas.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 29.28003
Retrieved Text: Here are the listings of Wedding Photographers for Wedding photography work in Los Angeles California United States. Each Los Angeles photographer has its profile with portfolio of photography work, specialities and other details. You can use the filter facility on the left to exactly find an appropriate photographer in your area.
William Innes specializes in wedding photography in the greater Los Angeles Area , working in all of Orange county to produce stunning photos.
Aaroneye Photography is one of the best wedding photographer in los angeles, also serving as a wedding photographer in Orange County.
Wedding photography in Los Angeles and Orange County by Gavin Photography. Candid photojournalism with artistic and documentary digital photography styles.
Wedding Photography by Los Angeles and Orange County Photographer serving Pasadena, Irvine, Palos Verdes, San Diego, Newport Beach and Destination Weddings.
Destination Wedding Photographer Rodolfo Arpia photographs weddings in Los Angeles and Orange County California with a photojournalism style.
Adrienne Gunde Photography | Los Angeles Wedding Photographer | Orange County Wedding Photographer.
Sound Stills provides photographer and disc jockey (DJ) services for weddings & corporate events, parties in Los Angeles county.
The above results list Los Angeles Wedding Photographers. You can expand your search and find local Wedding Photographers in the surrounding areas of Anaheim, Antioch, Bakersfield, Berkeley, Burbank, Carlsbad, Chula Vista, Concord, Corona, Costa Mesa, Daly City, Downey, El Monte, Elk Grove, Escondido, Fairfield, Fontana, Fremont, Fresno, Fullerton, Garden Grove, Glendale, Hayward, Huntington Beach, Inglewood, Irvine, Lancaster, Long Beach, Modesto, Moreno Valley, Murrieta, Norwalk, Oakland, Oceanside, Ontario, Orange, Oxnard, Palmdale, Pasadena, Pomona, Rancho Cucamonga, Richmond, Riverside, Roseville, Sacramento,

########
Rank: 22
Score: 29.242552
Retrieved Text: All the way from England (like me), Vicky and Rich traveled across the ‘pond’ for their destination wedding in San Diego!, CA! Vicky first contacted me a couple of months ago after finding my wedding photography site online, and I’m very glad she did. We worked out all the details across the miles and before we knew it, she and Rich arrived in the U.S.. They also coordinated their ceremony with Pastor Mike, who officiated Vicky and Rich’s nice Cuvier Park wedding in La Jolla.
Featured on this page are a few of my photographer favorite photos from Vicky and Rich’s destination wedding in San Diego. Their complete collection of wonderful wedding photos can be accessed in my San Diego Wedding Photographer Client Galleries (password required).
There were a lot of elements that made Vicky and Rich’s La Jolla wedding photography, not the least of which is the fact that they travelled a long way to come to San Diego to be married. The couple were also so wonderful to be with and so happy. Combined with Pastor Mike’s pleasant personality, my relaxed style of wedding photography, and the fantastic weather and views of the Southern California coastline, I’d have to say that we created some nice La Jolla wedding photography for Vicky and Rich.
In addition to photographing the signing of their marriage license and notary documents, their wedding photography included their ceremony and of course a nice mix of posed and creative wedding shots at Cuvier Park, the nearby rocky shore, and we even took a little

########
Rank: 23
Score: 29.187227
Retrieved Text: Are you planning to visit San Diego(san) from Bogota (BOG)? Are you looking for a website on the web where you can find the cheap flights? If yes, there is no need to get worried. Flightsbird can help you in finding the information on the various airlines out there on the web and We provide you direct flights to San Diego(san). It is really important to choose the right airline in order to have convenient airlines. It is better to find out more about the offers, which comprises the reliability of their booking service. If feasible, you should try to make a note of the safety of your selected airline. So, if you are prepared to make out the most standard booking services on the web for flights from Bogota (BOG) to San Diego(san), and we are here to provide the right help.
No matter, it’s for a responsibility for the sake of your reason; sometimes you require getting away. Possibly, you require flights from Bogota to San Diego(san) to attend your cousin’s wedding, to ground a business thought to your boss, or possibly just to take care of yourself to a mini holiday. Despite the reasons at the packing your bags and needing to discover the cheapest flights from Bogota (BOG) to San Diego(san), the friendly services are available for you.
The website presents you with some of the best deals on airfare so end that Google flights search. The expert wishes you to spend less on your journey from Bogota (BOG) to San Diego(san), so you

########
Rank: 24
Score: 29.141823
Retrieved Text: Valuable Design Ideas Wedding Flowers San Diego Yelp AURORAVINE COM Good 94 Inspirational Flower Arrangements With. Fresh Wedding Flowers San Diego Reasonable. Peaceful Design Ideas Wedding Flowers San Diego Bouquets In Veenvendelbosch Reasonable. Prissy Design Wedding Flowers San Diego Breathtaking Bridal Bouquets Reasonable. Bright Design Wedding Flowers San Diego Beautiful Icets Info Graphy La Jolla Beach Pink Dress Bouquet 21 Reasonable. Chic And Creative Wedding Flowers San Diego Camellia CA WeddingWire 800x800 1421792555190 A 48 Reasonable. Sensational Design Wedding Flowers San Diego Succulents Centerpieces With Reasonable. Clever Wedding Flowers San Diego Camellia 156 Photos 65 Reviews Florists 2232 Photo Of CA United States Reasonable. Shining Wedding Flowers San Diego Sensational Design Ideas Mormon Vendors Marvellous Inspiration Know Your Simply Elegant Planning Blog Planner. Surprising Idea Wedding Flowers San Diego DIY Preserving Blessed Photography Reasonable.
Lovely Design Wedding Flowers San Diego Yelp AURORAVINE COM Epic 21 On Inspirational Flower Arrangements With. Capricious Wedding Flowers San Diego Archives True Photography By Matteson S Florist Reasonable. Stylish Idea Wedding Flowers San Diego Karen Tran Blog Reasonable. Sumptuous Design Inspiration Wedding Flowers San Diego Archives Page 6 Of 7 True Photography By Exquisite Blooms Reasonable. Fantastic Wedding Flowers San Diego Mormon Vendors Temple Weddings Photo 1 Reasonable. Exclusive Idea Wedding Flowers San Diego Kathy Wright Co California 1 Reasonable. Wonderful Design Ideas Wedding Flowers San Diego Archives True Photography Classic Bouquets Using Anemone Reasonable. Stunning Design Ideas Wedding Flowers San Diego 276 Best Wild Images On Pinterest Zoo Safari Ca. Clever Design Wedding Flowers San Diego Pin By Camellia On Alyssa

########
Rank: 25
Score: 29.086895
Retrieved Text: Surprising Idea Wedding Flowers San Diego DIY Preserving Blessed Photography Reasonable. Chic And Creative Wedding Flowers San Diego Camellia CA WeddingWire 800x800 1421792555190 A 48 Reasonable. Stunning Design Ideas Wedding Flowers San Diego 276 Best Wild Images On Pinterest Zoo Safari Ca. Bright Design Wedding Flowers San Diego Beautiful Icets Info Graphy La Jolla Beach Pink Dress Bouquet 21 Reasonable. Sumptuous Design Inspiration Wedding Flowers San Diego Archives Page 6 Of 7 True Photography By Exquisite Blooms Reasonable. Fresh Wedding Flowers San Diego Reasonable. Majestic Looking Wedding Flowers San Diego Affordable In Yes It S Possible BLOOMS Budget Friendly Floral Design DIY Reasonable. Stylish Idea Wedding Flowers San Diego Karen Tran Blog Reasonable. Exclusive Idea Wedding Flowers San Diego Kathy Wright Co California 1 Reasonable. Sensational Design Wedding Flowers San Diego Succulents Centerpieces With Reasonable.
Fantastic Wedding Flowers San Diego Mormon Vendors Temple Weddings Photo 1 Reasonable. Shining Wedding Flowers San Diego Sensational Design Ideas Mormon Vendors Marvellous Inspiration Know Your Simply Elegant Planning Blog Planner. Lovely Design Wedding Flowers San Diego Yelp AURORAVINE COM Epic 21 On Inspirational Flower Arrangements With. Clever Wedding Flowers San Diego Camellia 156 Photos 65 Reviews Florists 2232 Photo Of CA United States Reasonable. Clever Design Wedding Flowers San Diego Pin By Camellia On Alyssa And Todd For Sale Reasonable. Wonderful Design Ideas Wedding Flowers San Diego Archives True Photography Classic Bouquets Using Anemone Reasonable. Capricious Wedding Flowers San Diego Archives True Photography By Matteson S Florist Reasonable. Peaceful Design Ideas Wedding Flowers San Diego Bouquets In Veenvendelbosch Reasonable. Valuable Design

########
Rank: 26
Score: 29.075777
Retrieved Text: Stunning Design Ideas Wedding Flowers San Diego 276 Best Wild Images On Pinterest Zoo Safari Ca. Prissy Design Wedding Flowers San Diego Breathtaking Bridal Bouquets Reasonable. Exclusive Idea Wedding Flowers San Diego Kathy Wright Co California 1 Reasonable. Clever Wedding Flowers San Diego Camellia 156 Photos 65 Reviews Florists 2232 Photo Of CA United States Reasonable. Fantastic Wedding Flowers San Diego Mormon Vendors Temple Weddings Photo 1 Reasonable. Sensational Design Wedding Flowers San Diego Succulents Centerpieces With Reasonable. Bright Design Wedding Flowers San Diego Beautiful Icets Info Graphy La Jolla Beach Pink Dress Bouquet 21 Reasonable. Lovely Design Wedding Flowers San Diego Yelp AURORAVINE COM Epic 21 On Inspirational Flower Arrangements With. Chic And Creative Wedding Flowers San Diego Camellia CA WeddingWire 800x800 1421792555190 A 48 Reasonable. Valuable Design Ideas Wedding Flowers San Diego Yelp AURORAVINE COM Good 94 Inspirational Flower Arrangements With.
Clever Design Wedding Flowers San Diego Pin By Camellia On Alyssa And Todd For Sale Reasonable. Peaceful Design Ideas Wedding Flowers San Diego Bouquets In Veenvendelbosch Reasonable. Surprising Idea Wedding Flowers San Diego DIY Preserving Blessed Photography Reasonable. Sumptuous Design Inspiration Wedding Flowers San Diego Archives Page 6 Of 7 True Photography By Exquisite Blooms Reasonable. Shining Wedding Flowers San Diego Sensational Design Ideas Mormon Vendors Marvellous Inspiration Know Your Simply Elegant Planning Blog Planner. Wonderful Design Ideas Wedding Flowers San Diego Archives True Photography Classic Bouquets Using Anemone Reasonable. Fresh Wedding Flowers San Diego Reasonable. Majestic Looking Wedding Flowers San Diego Affordable In Yes It S Possible BLOOMS Budget Friendly Floral Design DIY

########
Rank: 27
Score: 28.929787
Retrieved Text: As one of San Diego's longest and established wedding dance teachers, Mary Manzella, has more than 25 years' experience in the San Diego dancing community. Competing on a national level and winning many championships, doing dance perfomances in front of audiences of over thousands of people, teaching hundreds of students in her popular dance classes, and choreographing numerous ballroom exhibitions are some of her major accomplishments. Because of Mary Manzella's commitment and dedication, hundreds of San Diego wedding couples have enjoyed a magical wedding first wedding dance, electrifying their families and friends. Let wedding specialist Mary Manzella remove the stress of your first wedding dance. She will coach you to look great at your magical first wedding dance!

########
Rank: 28
Score: 28.902199
Retrieved Text: Full Service Florist Specializing in Weddings, Events, Memorial Designs and Everyday Flowers with Same Day Delivery.
Flowers & Roses Starting at $9.95. The Best Prices in San Diego. Same Day Flower Delivery To All of San Diego and Surrounding Cities. The San Diego Rose Company Is A "REAL" Local San Diego Florist.
Floral designers located in the San Diego North County city of Carlsbad.
Balloon Utopia specializes in Unique upscale balloon Decorations and Entertainment. We take it beyond the balloon into Creative Air Scenic Design- decorate both your venue and your guests! Visit our website to see what makes us so different!
We are a full service fresh floral design studio in San Diego.
Customized flowers to fit your individual style. Leucadia business provides fresh, gorgeous flowers at a great value. Rentals also available.
At Oliver Thorne we create very special flower arrangements for your special someone or special occasion. Simply choose the type of arrangement you would like and how large you would like the arrangement to be and leave the rest to us.
Flowers for Every Day, Weddings, Events, Funerals, Holidays, Plants and European Plant Baskets, Gifts & Candles, Balloons and Balloon Bouquets. Largest florist in Alpine.
There are 33 Wedding Flowers in and around Escondido at Eventective.com. Use the filter options to find your Perfect Escondido Wedding Flowers.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 28.875542
Retrieved Text: San Diego Wedding Photographer & San Diego Engagement Photographer Ron Miller Is Available For Destination Wedding Photography Anywhere In The World. We Specializes In Creative Wedding Photography, Destination Weddings & Engagements, & Lifestyle Photography, Based On The US West Coast. Having Over A Decade In Weddings All Across The Country, If You Want Something Unique For Your San Diego Wedding Photographer You Found It! Our Perfect Clients Are Adventurous, Diverse, Intelligent, And Looking For Something Out Of The Box. Is That You??? Our Style Is A Crazy Blend Of Everything We Loves About People & Photography, Travel & Adventure. Our Favorite Weddings Are Blends Of Life & Family. Whether It?s A DIY Wedding Or Black Tie Affair, Country Chic Wedding Or An Explosion Of Etsy.. You Can Rely On Our Obsession With Details To Make Any Wedding A Slam Dunk For Publication. We Is Typically Spotted During The Early Hours Of The Wedding Day And Long After The Bride And Groom Have Left, Taking Setup Shots Of Venues, Sunsets, Cityscapes, And Scenes. These Photos Typically End Up On Walls And In Books To Paint The Picture For The Brides Of Tomorrow, The Possibilities!
Ron Miller Photography in San Diego is a company that specializes in Photographic Studios Portrait. Our records show it was established in California.

================



======= Instance Index 2568 =========
Input Text: Read the following conversation and answer the question.

M: It's quite clear form my visit, this is a full size, comprehensive university. So why is it still called a college?

W: The College of William and Mary is the second oldest institution of higher learning in this country. We have nurtured great minds like Thomas Jefferson and we are proud of our name.

Question: What do we learn from this conversation about the College of William and Mary? 

- It has a very long history.

- It is a private institution.

- It was founded by Thomas Jefferson.

Target Text: It has a very long history.

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 38.35903
Retrieved Text: The importance of service and the value of a close-knit college community were just some of the topics that arose out of last Tuesday’s campus conversation on William & Mary’s ability to provide its students the tools for success.
The student-led discussion, titled “Students Come to William & Mary Wanting to Change the World – Do They Leave with the Tools to Do That?” was the fifth installment in a yearlong discussion on what it means for William & Mary to be liberal arts university in the 21st century. The sessions, convened and hosted by the Office of the Provost, are part of the College’s ongoing strategic planning process. Past conversation topics have ranged from discussing the importance of the College’s professional programs to blending the roles of teaching and research.
The most recent conversation topic comes directly from a portion of the College’s vision statement, which reads that “students come to William & Mary wanting to change the world and will leave with the tools to do it.” Panelists included recent undergraduate alumni, graduate students, undergraduates and an administrator.
Moderator Bailey Thompson ’10 kicked off the discussion by asking each panelist the way that William & Mary provided the tools for life after graduation.
Tom Fitzpatrick ’04 J.D. ’10, a recent graduate of the College and a third-year law student, said he asked William & Mary friends on Facebook to help him develop a list of areas where the College excels. He came up with five areas: service, writing, opportunities for leadership, real-world elements in the curriculum and a

########
Rank: 1
Score: 32.76193
Retrieved Text: Richard Bland College | Wondering about William & Mary?
Wondering about William & Mary?
Come learn about the College of William & Mary from Dr. Beverly Sher, who has been teaching at W&M since 1992.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 30.431324
Retrieved Text: Thomas Jefferson – a serious-minded, freckled-faced boy of 16 from the rolling hills of Albemarle County, Virginia – first came to Williamsburg early in 1760 as a student at the College of William & Mary. From these humble beginnings grew the man who would become governor of Virginia and later President of the United States. Learn more.
This year marks the 250th anniversary of Thomas Jefferson’s graduation from the College of William and Mary. All these years later, do his philosophies on education still ring true?
Mr. Jefferson, portrayed by Colonial Williamsburg Interpreter Bill Barker, answers questions as old as the struggles between the federalists and the Anti-federalists.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 29.970682
Retrieved Text: In higher education marketing, context is critical. Where your ad shows up and the content that surrounds it impacts the quality of your leads, the mindset of the audience reading your content, and ultimately the reputation of your school. That’s why the College of William & Mary found LinkedIn to be an ideal place to market its MBA programs and target the right type of students for its business school.
William & Mary knew it needed to find two fairly specific audiences for its respective programs. For its Executive MBA program, the college was in search of working professionals whose employers are willing to pay for them to obtain an MBA. And for its part-time Flex MBA program, William & Mary wanted to reach individuals with work or family commitments who need the flexibility of a part-time MBA program.
“These programs fill specific niches, and LinkedIn gave us the kind of hyper-targeting capabilities we needed to get in front of well-qualified prospects,” Johnson said.
And Johnson and her team at William & Mary decided to use LinkedIn’s Sponsored Updates to fully leverage that unique, granular targeting. “Sponsored Updates allow us to get really targeted in terms of location, career types, and specific companies, so it’s a good way to make sure we reach the right people with our message,” she explained.
It’s worth taking a peek behind the scenes at some data to see what Johnson means when she describes Sponsored Updates as a “good way” to reach a segmented, higher education audience.
William & Mary’s average CTR is more than

########
Rank: 4
Score: 29.796703
Retrieved Text: Needless to say, I am not talking about the Miami Heat. I am referring to my home of the past three years, the wonderfully indescribable College of William and Mary. This summer, I have the distinct privilege of serving as a Senior Admission Interviewer (and being able to blog on a site that has the ability to spell check and not let the world know that I have troubles spelling privilege). To say that I am excited would be like saying that the Fresh Prince of Bel-Air wasn’t the best show of the early ’90s… a gross understatement.
Anyway, I’ve been trying to rack my brains (all three of them) to figure out what I should devote my first blog post to, and I think I finally figured it out—I’m going to write about how I’m trying to figure out what I want to write about.
Of course, there’s the obvious post about how psyched I am to start working in the Admission Office. This week alone, we’ve had opportunities to enjoy fine dining and finer company with the College President, informational sessions with essentially every department on campus, and of course, the pleasure of meeting and getting to know all the deans (make friends with me, and I could give you a good word or two in the office [jokes… but I won’t say I’m not above bribes. I also won’t say I’m not above double negatives.]).
On the other hand, I could post about how I fell in love with the College—how I stepped on this campus

########
Rank: 5
Score: 29.506233
Retrieved Text: “Good Morning, and welcome to the Fourth Annual William & Mary Policy Review Symposium. Here, at The Review, we are always eager to foster dialogue between academics, practitioners and activists— people who are in the field of policy-making and of studying policy, to bring a fresh perspective and something different to our readers. I’d like to thank our panelists for being a part of that. I'm excited about the conversation that we'll have today.
Just to give you a brief description of Policy Review: we are a peer-reviewed academic journal that's completely student-run at the College. This year, we have two different issues, one of which has to do with vulnerable and underserved groups and policy-making, and the other which focuses on international issues related to policy.
Read the full transcript of the symposium here.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 29.023157
Retrieved Text: What piece of advice would you give to future William and Mary women?
If I could offer one piece of advice to future women of William and Mary it would be the following: find opportunities to challenge yourself! Take courses that push you outside of your comfort zone. Don’t be afraid to fail. Failure doesn’t define you and you will learn a lot about yourself in situations when you are challenged.
You mentioned in your first interview the role model you had when deciding to go into teaching in high ed. Could you retell the story about the importance of this woman in your life?
I was lucky enough to have a strong mentor as an undergraduate. A new female economics professor started at my college when I was a senior and I served as her teaching assistant. She really inspired me. Working for her was the first time I could picture myself going to graduate school and pursuing a career in economics. During your time at William & Mary, I encourage you to reach out to mentors who inspire you. Ask questions, get their perspectives, and ask for advice!
What has been the greatest challenge for you as a female professor at William and Mary?
The greatest challenge (and opportunity) for me, as a female professor at W&M, is to serve as a role model and to try and inspire other females to consider pursuing an economics major. Historically, economics has been a more male dominated field and I would like to encourage female students to consider opportunities in economics.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 28.9166
Retrieved Text: The day I have been waiting for, for many years, has finally come and gone.
Saturday I graduated from The College of William and Mary. I honestly can’t believe that this long time dream of mine, has become a reality. From a young age, I always knew that I wanted to attend William and Mary. For many years, I thought this dream of mine would never happen for me. I thought that there was no way in a million years I would ever get accepted to William & Mary, let alone graduate from William & Mary. None the less, today I am extremely proud to say that I have met a goal, lived my dream and realized (many things, but especially) that not all things are what they appear to be.
I could not be more thankful for my college experience and the opportunities I have had. If I could back, there are a few things I would change, but who wouldn’t change a few things? I might study a little harder, explore different majors and definitely be more active on campus. In all honesty, at this point in my life I think that I really didn’t “do” college well. Yeah I made decent grades, I didn’t skip class often, and I am proud of myself, but it just never felt right to me. However, I am so proud of myself that I stuck it out through the ups and the downs. I have learned so much about myself over the past few years of my life and

########
Rank: 8
Score: 28.768288
Retrieved Text: How can I improve my resume or cover letter?
How do I set up my TribeCareers profile?
The Career Ambassadors also provide programming for student organizations and Greek life on campus. Interested in booking the Ambassadors? Fill out the request form and we will be in touch.
*Each ambassador completes an initial 16 hours of training before they can work with students and they receive ongoing professional development throughout the year as well as 9 hours of review each summer.
Hello! I am a senior economics major and business analytics minor at the College of William and Mary. I hope to work as a data analyst with a federal consulting firm after graduation, and perhaps use data and supply chain logistics to reduce food waste at a large-scale level in the long-term. I also love working with nonprofits that aim to alleviate poverty and food insecurity, and I hope to incorporate it into my long-term career path. On campus, I am involved with Real Talk University, Martial Arts Club, and the Library Ambassadors. I am passionate about career readiness and look forward to helping students utilize the resources in the Cohen Career Center to take an active role in developing and shaping their ideal career paths.
Hi all! I am a junior here at the College majoring in finance with a potential double major in Chinese Studies. I hail from Wisconsin and can be seen repping the Green Bay Packers at all times.
On campus, I stay active in club volleyball, volunteer at the Undergraduate Admissions Office, and am the co-founder of

########
Rank: 9
Score: 28.751265
Retrieved Text: Scope and Contents This collection consists of one form, completed by Berry Madison Cox, reporting how he fulfilled his pledge to the State Male Normal College and William & Mary to teach.
Scope and Contents This collection consists of one form, completed by Edward Francis Birckhead, reporting how he fulfilled his pledge to the State Male Normal College and William & Mary to teach. He served as principal of Ivy High School in Albemarle County, Virginia after leaving William & Mary.
Scope and Contents This collection consists of one form, completed by Edgar M. Terrell, reporting how he fulfilled his pledge to the State Male Normal College and William & Mary to teach.
Scope and Contents This collection contains subject files, publications, reports, and other material related to the School of Education at the College of William and Mary. The collection includes correspondence from the Dean's Office, photographs of special events, committee reports, and records of the Historic Triangle Substance Abuse Coalition (HTSAC).
Scope and Contents This collection includes two items. One is Hall's degree essay about John Marshall (1903). The other is his pledge to teach fulfillment form, dated April 24, 1905, reporting how he fulfilled his pledge to the State Male Normal College of Virginia and William & Mary to teach. Pledges such as this were required of Virginia students who attended William and Mary receiving financial assistance with the understanding they would teach in Virginia upon graduation.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 28.394094
Retrieved Text: The College of William & Mary is the second oldest college in the nation and one of only eight “Public Ivy” institutions in the nation offering a superior education more accessible to everyone. It is where Phi Beta Kappa, the nation's first academic Greek society, was founded in 1776. It is also a cutting-edge research university that incorporates a unique Campus Consortium program that will serve as an example for others -- an alumni-donor supported initiative known as the Sharp Writer-in-Residence Program developed specifically to connect Pulitzer Center journalists with William and Mary students.
The Sharp Writer-in-Residence Program is tied together through a three-credit seminar for selected students who work with Pulitzer Center journalists as mentors. The students learn how to communicate to broad audiences beyond the academic world about topics they have researched in-depth. It also incorporates public forums to provide deeper global learning and storytelling experiences for all students.
The Roy R. Charles Center for Academic Excellence, which coordinates the Consortium’s program on campus, plays a key role at William and Mary in incubating and providing administrative support for interdisciplinary programs, and facilitating the departmental Honors program. William and Mary is the first college in Virginia in the Pulitzer Center’s university network. The partnership continues a several-year connection between the two entities: the Pulitzer Center has welcomed William and Mary students as interns through the College’s Washington Program and several graduates have joined the Center’s staff over the years.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 28.351154
Retrieved Text: Fred Kovaleski ’49, center, with the William & Mary men's tennis team. Courtesy of the WMAA Archives.
Kovaleski lived an adventurous — and at times dangerous — life, traveling the world, rescuing prisoners during the Second World War, spying on the Soviet Union and playing on the tennis circuit all within just a couple of decades.
The story of this remarkable man has been well-documented in national publications over the years, most recently in The New York Times.
But what many people do not know is the story of how a boy from humble beginnings in a small community of Polish immigrants outside Detroit ended up at William & Mary.
And it all started with tennis.
His adventures at William & Mary began when his high school gym teacher and mentor, Jean Hoxie, saw a lot of potential in Kovaleski, particularly with his impressive skills on the court.
According to Kovaleski in an interview with the W&M Alumni Magazine in 2010, “Hoxie says to me ‘I want to get you out of this town. You’ve got to leave this environment.’” So she called her friend Sharvey Umbeck, tennis coach at William & Mary, and arranged for Fred to go to the College to play on the team.
In the fall of 1942, Kovaleski became a William & Mary student. But not for long.
After just a few months at the university, he signed up for the war effort as an air cadet. In 1945, as a paratrooper with the 11th Airborne, he liberated 2,100 internees from a Japanese internment camp outside Manila, earning a

########
Rank: 12
Score: 28.174839
Retrieved Text: William & Mary President Taylor Reveley sent the following message to the College community Dec. 18 regarding the state budget.
William and Mary President Taylor Reveley's note to faculty, staff and alumni regarding the current economic situation and steps the College has taken.
William & Mary is mourning the loss of Alvin Powers Anderson, alum of the college and former member of the Board of Visitors. Anderson ('70, J.D.'72) died Nov. 28, 2008.
The Board of Visitors at the College of William and Mary will meet in Williamsburg and Petersburg on November 19-21, 2008.
President Taylor Reveley III updated the campus community regarding the state budget picture.
The College of William and Mary recently received nearly $2 million in grants to help prepare students to become science and math teachers in high-needs schools.
The College of William and Mary remains one of the country's best values in public colleges, according to the latest ranking by Kiplingers Personal Finance Magazine. In its annual report, William & Mary ranks fifth among the magazines top 100 public universities that combine "outstanding economic value with top-notch education."
William and Mary President W. Taylor Reveley III and Vice President for Finance Sam Jones hosted a campus forum Wednesday on pending reductions in state budget dollars. More than 150 faculty, staff and students attended the forum at the College's Sadler Center.
Ten cadets from the William and Mary's ROTC program recently competed in the 2008 4th Brigade, Eastern Region Ranger Challenge Competition at Fort Pickett, Va., between Oct. 24 and 26.
Faculty and staff members at the College of William and

########
Rank: 13
Score: 28.033855
Retrieved Text: Those who attended the inaugural Wellington Archdiocese Cardinal’s Lunch held in early August received food for the soul, not just the body, during what was an insightful and inspirational conversation with guests Sir William English and Lady Mary English. On August 8, more than 200 people attended the lunch, held in the Intercontinental Hotel, Wellington.
Sir William and Lady Mary shared their views and thoughts on faith, family and professional life with those at the soldout event.
New Zealand Catholic Bishops Conference executive officer James van Schie led the discussion with the recent “first couple”. The couple reflected on their lives during Sir William’s time in politics and Lady Mary’s work in medicine, together with raising a family, living their faith and contributing to the community.
Both were educated in Wellington and were head prefects at their respective schools — Sir William, a St Patrick’s Silverstream old boy and Lady Mary, an alumnus of St Catherine’s, Kilbirnie.
Lady Mary acknowledged the encouragement she received, in particular, from a Sister of Mercy, supported by the school, in realising her vision of becoming a doctor.
She recalled when, as a 12-year-old girl, she saw how doctors cared for her mother when she [her mother] was in hospital, and thinking at that moment that this is something she wanted to do.
The couple met at the University of Otago where they were both members of the Catholic Society. Sir William recalled his future wife as being very kind to him, while her impression of her future husband was of someone who was very grounded and

########
Rank: 14
Score: 28.033697
Retrieved Text: This is a list of the presidents of the College of William & Mary in Virginia, a small public university located in Williamsburg, Virginia.
^ a b c d e f g h "William & Mary – 18th Century Presidents". The College of William & Mary. Retrieved July 18, 2009.
^ a b c d e f g h i "William & Mary – 19th Century Presidents". The College of William & Mary. Retrieved July 18, 2009.
^ a b c d e f g h "William & Mary – 20th Century Presidents". The College of William & Mary. Retrieved July 18, 2009.
^ "William & Mary – 21st Century Presidents". The College of William & Mary. Retrieved July 18, 2009.
^ "William & Mary – Taylor Reveley, President". The College of William & Mary. Retrieved July 18, 2009.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 27.770288
Retrieved Text: Miller Hall, the new LEED business school building/William & Mary studentsThe current global recession discourages many institutions—especially small ones with limited resources—from making the investments social responsibility demands, but what I read about a recent green initiative at William & Mary gave me some hope. The college, a signatory of the American College & University Presidents' Climate Commitment, has chosen not merely to wield the rhetoric of the green movement (a popular and easy approach), but to lead its community, its state, and the national body of small educational institutions with tangible examples and results despite its added challenge of being an historic campus.
William & Mary defines its sustainable intentions as “pushing a path of more efficient use of energy, a smaller carbon footprint, and more sustainable existence” in order to become “a powerful cog in the change required to stave off the global climate crisis.” They started by confronting in some ways the largest impediment to these goals— the entrenched cultural and behavioral patterns that inhibit a public’s willingness to change. At a school it makes sense to do that by leveraging its intellectual capital: the faculty, students, and staff. Disseminating the science, the politics, the socio-economic realities involved in climate change has led to a powerful awareness in the students who have embarked on a host of programs to affect change at all scales. Last year “the installation of motion detectors, efficient light bulbs, and the improvement of building envelopes” on campus saved the College $600,000. The students are passionate and have even implemented

########
Rank: 16
Score: 27.686062
Retrieved Text: Highlights from "The Fannie Lou Hamer Story: A Civil Rights Opera" by Mary D. Watkins will be featured in Presser Hall. A reception for the public will follow the performance.
Opera highlights performed by Andrea Chinedu Nwoke and Philip Lima with the Agnes Scott College Community Orchestra conducted by director Dr. Qiao Solomon. Performance includes two orchestral pieces by Mary D. Watkins & William Grant Still.
This concert is free and open to the public but tickets are required.
Learn more about the opera and reserve tickets online at http://fannielouhamer.brownpapertickets.com.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 27.507784
Retrieved Text: The College of William & Mary (also known as William & Mary, W&M, and officially The College of William and Mary in Virginia) is a public research university in Williamsburg, Virginia. Founded in 1693 by letters patent issued by King William III and Queen Mary II, it is the second-oldest institution of higher education in the United States, after Harvard University.
Latin: "Collegium Gulielmi et Mariae"
William & Mary educated American Presidents Thomas Jefferson (third), James Monroe (fifth), and John Tyler (tenth) as well as other key figures important to the development of the nation, including the fourth U.S. Supreme Court Chief Justice John Marshall of Virginia, Speaker of the House of Representatives Henry Clay of Kentucky, sixteen members of the Continental Congress, and four signers of the Declaration of Independence, earning it the nickname "the Alma Mater of the Nation." A young George Washington (1732–1799) also received his surveyor's license through the college. W&M students founded the Phi Beta Kappa academic honor society in 1776, and W&M was the first school of higher education in the United States to install an honor code of conduct for students. The establishment of graduate programs in law and medicine in 1779 makes it one of the earliest higher level universities in the United States.
In addition to its undergraduate program, W&M is home to several graduate programs (including computer science, public policy, physics, and colonial history) and four professional schools (law, business, education, and marine science). In his 1985 book Public Ivies: A Guide to America's Best Public Undergraduate Colleges and

########
Rank: 18
Score: 27.432405
Retrieved Text: The Renaissance, circa 1600, is the period on which I’ve done much of my work as a scholar and teacher of Shakespeare’s plays. During that time, in England, anything we would think of today as “theatre” was very sparsely furnished. Playing companies had limited props, no real scenery to speak of and the costumes they used were recycled from previous owners.
So why do so many of Shakespeare’s history plays feature kings and queens? Partly because some of the only costumes available at the time were hand-me-downs from a royal household or noble family. Playwrights used the resources available; as a result, the world has a brilliant corpus of Shakespearean plays dramatizing the challenges of noble families.
Theatre professionals today would tell you this is still true: constraints spark creativity and imagination. Most entrepreneurs would say the same. I’ve kept this principle in mind throughout my career because it is widely applicable: when we want to catalyze innovative thinking, we need to lean into our constraints.
For years it’s been clear to me that the public sector of higher education is generating the most innovative solutions. Fresh pedagogies, new sources of research funding, novel fundraising and organizational innovations ensuring affordability for students of promise are all marks of today’s public colleges and universities. Higher education faces many constraints; public institutions have a track record of responding with resourcefulness and creativity.
William & Mary has long impressed me as one of these innovators. Nothing like the William & Mary Promise — with its particular mix of securing excellence, fostering innovation, generating

########
Rank: 19
Score: 27.339458
Retrieved Text: Scope and Contents This is a scrapbook of news clipping about the College of William and Mary and about President Julian Alvin Carroll Chandler. Many of the clippings relate to Chandler's inauguration in 1919 and President Harding's visit to the College.
Scope and Contents This collection contains correspondence, news clippings and articles, and certificates from and about the F.H.C. Society at the College of William and Mary. Some of the certificates are for membership in the student group while others were given to College of William and Mary faculty. Also included in the collection is a lecture given by Professor Hans C. von Baeyer about St. George Tucker to the society.
Scope and Contents Papers, 1912-1918, of Frank P. McConnell, president of the Manchester National Bank, Richmond, Va. Mostly letters concerning banking, politics, Kappa Alpha fraternity and the Shriners. Correspondents include Joseph M. Brown, Julian Alvin Carroll Chandler, Westmoreland Davis, Stanley Hubert Dent, James Thomas Heflin, John Lamb, John Garland Pollard, Joseph Taylor Robinson, Claude A. Swanson, J. Hoge Tyler, S. Heth Tyler, Oscar Wilder Underwood, and John Skelton Williams.
Scope and Contents Photograph, approximately 16 inches by 20 inches of the senior class at Johns Hopkins University in 1896, featuring J. A. C. Chandler. The image includes 9 men, four are sitting and five are standing. They are all wearing graduation caps and gowns.
Scope and Contents This collection includes correspondence and financial records about Public Works Administration projects on the campus of William and Mary and the Norfolk Division primarily from 1934-1936. Includes the correspondence of W.A.R. Goodwin,

########
Rank: 20
Score: 27.294558
Retrieved Text: In the quest to know more about how to catch redfish, it is always enlightening to learn what bait and tackle the best anglers, guides and captains are using. Capt. William Toney is a fourth generation Florida fishing guide based out of Homosassa. William's wealth of knowledge draws from his decades fishing for red drum and the wisdom shared by his grandfather and father who guided the inshore waters of Florida's Gulf coast. There is a load of experience using artificial lures in this family. See what you can learn from it.
This In The Spread video shares Capt. Toney's 5 best redfish lures. One of his go to lures is the popping cork rigged with a specific bait. Albeit, this is not a pure artificial, but still a lethal combination. Another super fishing catching option is a spoon. You have to fish the right ones and you will learn all about them. No conversation would be complete without including soft plastics. Wow. Some of these are almost real in appearance and action. William discusses a variety of soft plastics. What would we do without top water plugs? We go deep into what size lures work best, the colors that outperform the others and what about the presentations action triggers bites. Watch and learn, to catch more game fish.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 27.172384
Retrieved Text: The Boston chapter hosted their annual meeting in March and welcomed new chapter board members. In May, the Young Guarde Council hosted a philanthropy event to encourage area alumni to gather and give a donation to the College. Also, the Muscarelle Museum of Art-curated exhibit, “Leonardo da Vinci and the Idea of Beauty,” made its only other U.S. stop at the Museum of Fine Arts from April to June.
In March, the Alumni Association had its 12th annual auction in NYC, which generated an all-time record of $250,000. All funds raised provide resources for alumni and student programming. In May, 15 members of the chapter walked in the NYC AIDS Walk and raised over $13,000. Many thanks to Gary Cowling ’84 for being a dedicated leader and Brian Lewis ’90 for sponsoring post-walk pizza. This year marks the 25th year for Team W&M, and during that time, they have raised over $270,000!
Also in May, alumni, students and parents joined Joseph J. Plumeri II ’66, D.P.S. ’11 for a conversation about his new book, The Power of Being Yourself: A Game Plan For Success By Putting Passion Into Your Life and Work (see the article about Plumeri here).
The chapter celebrated spring with a barbecue and also hosted Tribe Thursdays throughout the city.
Alumni gathered to test their knowledge at a local Trivia Night.
In April, the chapter offered a private, behind-the-scenes look at Nationals Park and an opportunity to throw a pitch in the Nationals bullpen.
Also in April, the chapter sponsored the Project for International Peace and Security Annual Symposium,

########
Rank: 22
Score: 27.066607
Retrieved Text: What Edgar, who was admitted to the College as a James Monroe Scholar, didn’t know was how much of the William & Mary experience was made possible by private support. Monroe Scholars, who comprise less than 10 percent of the undergraduate student body, are among the most academically distinguished undergraduates at William & Mary. All incoming freshmen are considered for the program, which supports summer research grants, visiting speakers and other special programs as well as assistance with academic conference travel.
The Monroe Scholars program is supported by private gifts from W&M alumni and friends.
Edgar, a marketing and sociology double major, became aware of how important private support is to the College when he began working as a student caller for William & Mary Phonathon during his sophomore year. Phonathon employs students who reach out to alumni, parents and friends to nurture relationships and raise unrestricted funds. He is now a Phonathon senior supervisor and president of the Senior Class Gift.
“It really surprised me when I started calling for Phonathon and realized how much of our budget is supported by private donations,” Edgar said. Although William & Mary is a public university, state support accounts for only about 13 percent of the operating budget.
William & Mary’s second annual One Tribe One Day 24-hour philanthropy challenge, which is one of several initiatives meant to raise awareness on campus and beyond of the impact of private support, is slated for April 21. Last year’s event was a record-setting fundraising day for the university. More than 1,700 students, alumni, parents,

########
Rank: 23
Score: 27.018692
Retrieved Text: Ewell Dormitory, formerly the College Hotel, was a brick building measuring about 57 feet by 40 feet located on Jamestown Road across from the Brafferton. The faculty of the College of William and Mary purchased the building, intending to use it as a College Hotel after the College burned in 1859. The building had belonged to Sherod T. Bowman, Esq. (Williamsburg brickmaker) and was purchased from him for $4,600, $250 of which Mr. Bowman agreed to subscribe to the College Building Fund. While the Wren Building was being rebuilt after the fire of 1859, classes were held in this building. After the purchase of the College Hotel, students no longer resided in the Wren Building.
The College Hotel was used as a residence in 1860 for the steward and about 25 students (the former steward's house became a residence for a professor). During the 1870s, the College Hotel was run by Elizabeth Williamson Harrison. A double porch was added to the exterior of the building between 1892 and 1893, extending along the front of the dormitory. The second story of the front porch was removed circa 1905 and fire escapes were added to the ends of the building.
The building was renamed Ewell Hall in 1894 to honor former College President Benjamin S. Ewell. It was also called Old Science at one point (1906). By 1900, each room in Ewell Hall was equipped with a table, washstand, chairs, bedstead, mattress, and bed clothing. An annex to Ewell Hall was added to the rear of the building in 1912.
There

########
Rank: 24
Score: 26.98814
Retrieved Text: The success of an institution’s overall annual giving efforts is often tied to the effectiveness of its written appeals. And while you don’t need to be a Pulitzer Prize-winning author to craft strong appeals, you do need to be able to make the case for support in a clear and compelling way. Appeal writing is an important skill for all advancement professionals – one that has a direct impact on every program’s success and remains valuable throughout your whole career.
Register now for your entire team to learn how to write powerful appeals for your annual fund.
This webinar is eligible for 1.25pts of CFRE credit.
Elizabeth Keppel is the Director of Development, Annual Giving at the University of Florida where she oversees a comprehensive, university-wide leadership annual giving program. In addition to her prior direct marketing role at the University of Florida, she also served on the annual giving team at the College of William & Mary. Elizabeth holds a B.A. in Government & Philosophy and an M.Ed. in Higher Education Administration from William & Mary.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 26.967308
Retrieved Text: The Lennart Borgström Scholarship enables Swedish youth to experience the United States.
Every story needs to start somewhere. It could be at a meeting, a book you read on a stormy day or a conversation you had with strangers over the Internet. Indeed, my story also had a beginning. The only thing is that I can’t really pinpoint it.
The story would of course start with me hearing about the Lennart Borgström Scholarship. I can’t remember the exact timing of it — maybe my Swedish high school updated me on the fact that it existed, but it was my dad who brought home a flyer about the scholarship, at least as far as I can remember everything. It immediately became a goal for me because of the great opportunity it offered: The Lennart Borgström Scholarship is an award given to one student each year for academic achievement — for one semester at the College of William & Mary in Williamsburg, Virginia, worth almost $20,000.
The first time I applied was fall 2013 but unfortunately my application was not enough that year. I am, however, extremely stubborn, so I decided to make an even bigger effort the next year. I worked hard on my grades and made sure my application would look as interesting as possible. It was not enough to just include grades; I also had to write several essays in English as well as translate many documents and send them overseas.
I made it somehow. Apparently my grades were good enough and my other experiences earned me the honor

########
Rank: 26
Score: 26.895733
Retrieved Text: Looking Towards Spring Semester: Earth Week!
For the past seven years, William and Mary has extended Earth Day in April to a week-long celebration where students come together for events that bring them outdoors and take a chance to reflect on issues of sustainability. Before coming to William and Mary, I had always considered Earth Day a chance to marvel over mother nature and appreciate all the things it has to offer. Now, I’ve learned that Earth Week can mean much more than that.
activities that give you the chance to enjoy time with your friends in the spring and reflect on the impacts that our habits have on the environment and how we can improve them is the main goal of Earth Week.
all culminating with the Earth Day Festival taking place on April 21st.
if we do it right, enough people will walk away choosing to make a difference that can have an impact on our environment here at William and Mary. So, when the week comes around in April, remember it’s more than just a chance to say “happy birthday mother nature!”. Take the opportunity to go out and learn more about what we can do to help our planet.
Entry Filed under: Spring 2018. Tags: earth, earthweek, farm, Food, sustainability, week.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 26.807634
Retrieved Text: Mary Roach, author of, ‘Gulp: Adventures on the Alimentary Canal’ and more!
This week we are extremely excited to have Mary Roach on the show. Mary is the author of 5 New York Times Bestselling books, including her newest, Gulp: Adventures on the Alimentary Canal. In this episode we spend the first part of the conversation talking about what it is like to be a professional writer, advice to those who want to write, and other keys to success. From there we transition to the alimentary canal as we learn more about what happens when food enters our mouth…and what a unique journey it is.
Mary also shares an interesting story about Elvis with us. Spoiler alert: at the 45:50 mark, Mary tells us that Elvis Presley had terrible constipation. In fact, Elvis died while pooping due to a condition called ‘megacolon’.
Chris: This is typical Mary Roach style. You cover so many things in the book and it’s basically like, let’s take really interesting questions relating to one subject and answer them. And so, one of the ones that I actually didn’t know, and many people might, but for those that don’t… is how Elvis died.
Chris: Can you give it away for us? For those listening, this is just the kind go thing you learn in Gulp and your other books, so let’s hear it.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 26.807428
Retrieved Text: Marcus Thornton is just 98 points shy of breaking the longest standing Division I school scoring record.
WILLIAMSBURG, Va. -- The College of William & Mary turned 322 years old last Friday. Don’t you think it’s time the basketball team finally got to play in the NCAA Tournament?
The alumni would likely be all for it, up to and including Thomas Jefferson. Isn’t March Madness an unalienable right? Well, no.
In William & Mary’s case, it requires winning the Colonial Athletic Association tournament, which the Tribe were 80 seconds away from doing last season with a six-point lead against Delaware in the championship game, when the walls caved in and they ended up losing 75-74.
So now they’re back, trying to get kicked out of the club that includes Army, St. Francis (N.Y.), Northwestern and The Citadel -- the other four original Division I schools never to get a tournament bid. And they might have the team to do it.
"We came within one point of making history," junior forward Terry Tarpey said. "Everyone went into the offseason with the mindset that we don’t want that bad taste in our mouth again."
Which brings us to the current situation. The 15-8 Tribe have sole leadership in the CAA, something they’ve never seen this late in the season.
But also not seen too often on a William & Mary basketball team is a cast of characters as interesting as the current roster.
Senior guard Marcus Thornton is 98 points away from setting the school career scoring record of 2,052, which is currently owned by Chet

########
Rank: 29
Score: 26.773981
Retrieved Text: The Holly Room in William & Mary’s School of Education is filled with fourth graders and College students all talking in hushed but excited tones around circular tables.
Finally, the distinctive chime of an incoming Skype call rings out, and the room draws in a collective breath of anticipation and delight as author Ellen Potter appears on two large screens at the front of the room.
“This is so exciting! I’ve been looking forward to this all day,” she says.
It was a day that the fourth graders had been looking forward to, as well. The 45-student class from Matoaka Elementary School in Williamsburg has participated in a “blog buddies” program with William & Mary students all semester. The “buddies” finally met face-to-face Nov. 30 when they gathered to speak to Potter via Skype.
The blog buddies program is the brainchild of Denise Johnson, an associate professor of reading education at the College of William & Mary. Earlier this year, Johnson came up with the idea to use Skype in elementary classrooms to connect students with children’s authors and illustrators. Johnson presented the idea to some of her graduate students who work in local schools, including Amy Moser ’11, who team teaches a fourth grade class at Matoaka Elementary with Dawn Hess.
Throughout this semester, students in Moser’s class have been writing blogs about “Spilling Ink,” a writer’s handbook written by Potter and Anne Mazer.
Hess said the students have really enjoyed blogging.
Graduate students in one of Johnson’s courses were paired with one or two fourth-grade students. Throughout the semester, the college

================



======= Instance Index 912 =========
Input Text: Read the following conversation and answer the question.

M: What are you doing, Mum?

W: I'm planting cabbage.

M: What's that in your hand?

W: Cabbage seed. You see, I put some soil in the box, sow the seed carefully like this, and then cover it with more soil. I'll keep the box in the shade so that the sun doesn't burn the little plants.

M: Is that all?

W: No. Later, in a few weeks' time I'll put the little plants in the earth. Then I'll water them to stop the soil from getting too dry. Several weeks after that, I will plant them in rows in the field.

M: Do you have to feed plants like you feed chickens? Or do they grow up by themselves?

W: In fact they grow better if you feed them. When the plants are in the ground I'll put some powder on the soil. The powder is made from fish, blood and bones. It'll make the cabbage plants grow big and strong.

M: Like me!

Question: Where will the mother put the box after she's put the cabbage seed in it? 

- In the sun.

- In the shade.

- In the soil.

Target Text: In the shade.

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 38.27881
Retrieved Text: You can sow cabbage plants in the garden soil. At good weather, sufficient water etcetera, many cabbage plants will grow from the seeds.
When you want to sow early in the season or at cold weather, you can germinate cabbage seeds on moist toilet paper. You can see how the germination proceeds. The small cabbages are planted in flower pots or in the soil.
In this post I describe this way of germinating.
For sowing you need: 1 sheet of (soft) toilet paper, 1 plastic margarine box of 250 grams, 1 sheet of writing paper, 1 small cocktail stick (about 2.5 inch long), see above photo 1.
Fold one sheet of toilet paper in two. Lay it on the bottom of the margarine box. Moisten it with tap water.
Write on the writing paper what is sown (cabbage seeds are alike), fold it and hang it on the edge of the box. Put a mark on the writing paper and on the box (see photo 2). Or write the text “shifted”on the writing paper (photo 3). After sowing it’s clear on what side of the box the writing paper must hang (e.g. after falling off). You can also stick the writing paper to the box.
Lay cabbage seeds in a straight row (near the text) on the moist toilet paper.
You can strew the seeds from the sachet on the toilet paper or take the seeds between thumb and index and lay them down. Or use tweezers to pick and transport the seeds.
But sowing is much easier and faster when using a cocktail

########
Rank: 1
Score: 35.054268
Retrieved Text: Introduction and Uses: Cabbage is power food that is savoured since ages. In the ancient times, people declared this veggie to have moon power as it grew in the moonlight. But actually, its power comes from Vitamin C and Sulphur. It is known as the brain food and is ideal for weight loss, detoxification, lowering blood pressure, relieving headache and reduce hangover.
Sowing Season: Throughout the year. Best grown in winter.
Because the seeds are small in size, Cabbage plant is grown by transplantation method. Seeds are first sown indoors in seedling trays or outdoors on seed beds & later the seedlings are transplanted into the containers or in raised beds.
Hold the Cabbage seeds and sow 2-3 seeds per cell/cup. Since Cabbage seeds are small in size, do not sow them deep.
Just put the seeds on the surface of the medium & push each seed a little inside the medium by using pencil tip, so that seeds are not visible on the surface anymore & cover it with more coco-peat.
Or make small, shallow depressions on medium with pencil bottom. Put the seed on that depression & sprinkle more coco-peat on the top to cover the seed.
If seed beds are made outdoors, protect them from rain or direct sunlight. Use well sieved fine soil as a sowing medium & make a nice raised bed from it. Cover the bed by making a temporary roof of a plastic sheet. Water it in the form of a light shower using a watering can.
Sprouting Stage: Seeds will germinate within first 6-8 days

########
Rank: 2
Score: 32.438828
Retrieved Text: I am finally convinced that Mother Nature is going to let me get my garden in. She may still throw a cold night my way (the average last frost date is around May 12th, after all), but I am ready. Actually, I was ready three weeks ago, but I managed to hold off until yesterday. I worked the soil in a couple of our raised beds and started planting!
One bed has cabbages… early cabbage, late cabbage and savoy cabbage. I’ve never grown savoy before, so this will be an adventure. I added some onions and lettuce to the bed to fill it out.
In the other bed, I put up a “fence” of sorts and then put in a some peas. I didn’t want the fence to get lonely. I also put beets and carrots in the bed along with some yukon gold potatoes that needed to be put in the ground.
Both beds got a good drink and I made sure to put it all in my Garden Book.
Here you can see how terrible my writing really is…. But, if I don’t put it in the book, I forget what I put where.
Now… since today is going to be another fantastic weather day… I’m heading to the Garden Center. I hope the checkbook can take it….

########
Rank: 3
Score: 32.362164
Retrieved Text: Tomato catsup. Scald 1/2 bushel tomatoes, & press them through sieve, Boil them down one half . Add while boiling, 2 tablespoons salt, 1 of blk pepper, ground, a teaspoonful Cayenne, 1/2 teaspoonful cinnamon cloves, & mace each. Mix well, & add 2 tea cup of vinegar before taking it from the fire. Bottle & seal, & keep in a cool place. Cucumber catsup. Slice 1 doz good sized cucumbers, chop 8 onions fine. add 1 tablespoonful salt, & put it to drain. When drained season highly with ground pepper, & mustard, & cover with good vinegar. Cabbage Pickle. Cut your cabbage in quarters, & pour brine that will bear an egg boiling hot over it. After throw the cabbage into cold water for an hour or two. Then drain it, & put it in the sun to dry. To 1 gal vinegar, 1 oz turmeric, 2 teaspoonfuls cloves, a handful mustard seed, 1 pod red pepper boil all together, & pour it over the cabbage.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 30.929329
Retrieved Text: Learn how to make biodegradable seed starting kits out of newspaper in this how-to video by MOTHER EARTH NEWS editor Hannah Kincaid.Avoid spending too much money on pre-made seed starting kits and instead use materials that you have around your home, such as newspaper, brown paper bags or paper towel rolls. When your seedlings are ready to be transplanted to your garden, simply drop the entire biodegradable bundle into the ground, without disrupting the sensitive roots.
More on seed starting at MotherEarthNews.com: Whatever your requirements — tomatoes for drying, storage or exceptional flavor; white eggplants; seedless watermelons; long-keeping cabbage; hot peppers; slow-bolting lettuces — these and many more vegetables with special qualities can be yours if you grow the plants from seed.
Are paper towel rolls and such generally made with harmful chemicals or are they pretty biodegradable?
It appears there is no bottom in this newspaper pot!
Hannah, you are beautiful, but no more tattoos. You are too lovely.
If you put the ends of the paper on the inside of the circle it is much more stable.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 30.92063
Retrieved Text: It's about time for me to start my cabbage and cauliflower seeds, but I see conflicting info on when to put them out. The seed packets say to put them out after all frost danger is past, but my SFG book says they can be set out well before average last frost. My tiny garden is well-protected from wind by a high fence, and I use cloches to protect little plants. Is there any reason why I shouldn't put them out on the early side? What's your experience been, if you're in a temperate climate like mine? I'd rather them finish up early-ish so I can replace them with my summer crops. (ETA) I should add that I've never grown either before.
They are more sensitive to soil temps than air temps. Frost won't hurt a hardened off seedling but soil temps near freezing will. Transplant them when your soil has warmed to 50F, IMHO. You can use plastic to speed this up. JMO.
I started all mine already. The soil has probably seen its last hard freeze.
Also be advised that the bugs love the cabbages, cauliflower and broccoli. You will want to do something to protect them from the bugs.
A belated thank you for your replies. I read them as I was dashing out the door for work and I forgot to come back.
The weather has been wintry this week, but it's supposed to be sunny and 11Â°C/52Â°F tomorrow, so I'll be doing some garden tidying-up tomorrow. I'll cut up some black garbage bags as a soil

########
Rank: 6
Score: 30.797407
Retrieved Text: Chow chow is a Southern dish of vegetables such as cabbage, onions, peppers, tomatoes, etc. The name comes from pidgen English, and it is believed that “chow chow” was popularized by Chinese workers in California in the 1850s.
Pour salt over the above ingredients and let sit for 30 minutes.
Put the ingredients listed below in a sauce pan and let come to a boil for a few minutes. Then pour it all over the ground up ingredients and let all of it cook until good and tender.
My mother-in-law’s recipe for her Southern Chow-Chow. It’s delicious on cooked collard greens, lima beans or black-eye peas. You’ll find lots of other uses for this tasty condiment. I make a double or triple batch to enjoy throughout the year and give as gifts. These will keep in pantry for 1-2 years.
If you don’t have all the vegetables mentioned, increase the quantity of the vegetables you do have until you have 6 quarts of chopped vegetables.
(However, be sure to use some cabbage, peppers, carrots and onions- the other veggies are optional).
In large pot, stir dry ingredients together, then add liquid ingredients.
Bring all syrup ingredients to a boil and boil until thickened, stirring frequently.
Add chopped vegetables and bring to a boil.
Cook 5 minutes on simmer until vegetables are hot.
Pack into hot, sterilized jars and seal with hot sterilized lids.
Invert and let rest for 2 minutes.
Turn right-side-up and let cool.
When jars are cooled, the lids should be slightly concave which signifies a good canning seal.
NOTE: My mother-in-law never processed them in a water

########
Rank: 7
Score: 30.562895
Retrieved Text: Today was a lovely day in the 60s. WOW! First one. I decided to open the pit and see how things. fared. Fortunately the gophers didn't find it.
Nice! Looks like the red cabbage came through?
The cabbage did come through. We had one for dinner. It was good.
I only had one turnip and it looks great. I think I am going to plant if for seed. Had potatoes for dinner too. They were the best! The carrots look great, and I am sure they will taste good too. Beets too, I will be curious to taste them to see if they are still sweet. I will plant a couple beets for seed too.
The ground was very wet. I used the shovel until I got down to the veggies, then put on rubber gloves and got the veggies out by hand.. Any way, we are set for veggies for a few days. Some of the potatoes I will plant this year.
I remember when you stored those veggies in the pit.
Confirmation for me that this would work well with potatoes! I am encouraged -- my basement room is too warm, they sprout and have to be used by the end of January.
Wonderful work, wonderful results. Congratulations, jal_ut. Enjoy those meals! The food looks good!
Wow Jal, I couldnt take my eyes off of that view, GORGEOUS!
James ! Here I am ! I love these ! Talk about buried treasure !
God must think highly of animals - He created them before creating us !
Jal, I, too, remember the thread where you

########
Rank: 8
Score: 30.076769
Retrieved Text: A lot has been said about Cayenne Pepper. I wish to put my two cents worth in the jar of information though, as I have been a direct benefactor of the healing properties of the spice.
About five years ago my mother cured a bad knee of mine by the use of a combination of Cayenne Pepper, Olive Oil, and Cabbage. Not only was the combination a tasty (spicy) treat but after a long time with a problematic knee that renders me haltingly in my procedures, to going up the stairs like an old man, I was cured almost overnight by this application.
What my mother did was to cut up the cabbage in fine pieces to get the juice saturated but not flowing. She then sprinkled enough Cayenne Pepper on to change the color to a reddish hue, and drizzle a tea spoon of olive oil on top then the mixed all three.
The next step was to paste this on a sheet of plastic wrap. This was then wrapped around my knee and then banded in place by a knee wrap. By the time the next morning came around my pains had significantly disappeared where I could come down and go up the stairs without holding the rails.
Here is something that my mother didn’t tell me though, that in the night when sleeping I would feel like someone was jabbing my knee joint with heated hammers. The heat had started slow like the distant hum of an approaching aircraft then building up to its crescendo as the

########
Rank: 9
Score: 29.150543
Retrieved Text: National high school record holder in the shot put Alyssa Wilson of UCLA, who graduated from Donovan Catholic in 2017, qualified in two events with the weight throw and shot put. For the shot she's coming in as the fourth seed with with a best of 58-02, that starts Friday night, and the weight throw she's thrown 72-11.25 and ranks sixth entering Saturday.
University of Michigan's Andrew Liskowitz, who graduated Christian Brothers Academy in 2015, will be competing in the shot put as the 11th seed. His best of 64-06.5 came at the end of February when he won the Big 10 Indoor Championship.
Hurdle extraordinaire Cory Poole, attending the University of Florida, runs out of the first prelim of the 60m hurdles on Friday night. He's the eight seed with a 7.73 from the end of January during the Razorback Invitational. He graduated from East Orange Campus in 2017 after a very successful career including a state record of 7.07 in the 55m hurdles.
Eric Bethea of Indiana University enters the triple jump ranked ninth at 53-09. He graduated Piscataway Twp HS in 2015 and closed out his NJSIAA career with a bang winning both the long jump and triple jump at the Meet of Champions his senior year.
Then there is Joe White of Georgetown University, DePaul Catholic 2014, who will be competing in the second heat of prelims Friday night. He comes in ranked fourth thanks to his seed time of 1:46.59.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 28.924784
Retrieved Text: Home > Articles > Spring Cabbage, sow in July and August.
As you are reading this there are many gardeners who are tucking into meals containing homegrown cabbage as a major ingredient. The gardener with a mouthful of cabbage had the foresight to set seed in March or April, coaxing it along through the various growth stages up until now.
For those of us currently cabbage-less there is no time like the present to sow our own crop. The cabbage available to sow during July and August is spring cabbage. To clear things up spring cabbage is sown in late summer, the "spring" in the name relates to its time of harvest.
If you want dark green conical heads with a nice texture and flavour, then this is the variety for you. It's also one of the earliest to harvest as heads in April or as spring greens in Feb/March.
Much more compact conical heads on this cabbage making it suitable for small plots where space is limited (even containers). Another bonus is its resistance to bolting or running to seed.
Unusual for a spring cabbage this is a ball-headed variety, light green in colour. This light colouration is continued to its centre where it ends up almost cream in colour, definitely to the benefit of your dishes visual appeal. Being ball-headed Spring Hero once mature holds well its shape for longer than the conical varieties.
In your weed-free and lightly raked growing area you must create a Â½ inch (1cm) deep drill/trench with the tip of your trowel. Sow the seed

########
Rank: 11
Score: 28.811893
Retrieved Text: These tasty little cabbage parcels are filled with a vegan loaf mixture made from nuts, beans, and rice. It makes a fantastic healthy vegan centerpiece dish during the holidays.
This dish can be made in advance and refrigerated; it reheats well.
Using a food processor fitted with the metal blade, process the walnuts into very small bits. Pour out the walnuts into a large mixing bowl and set aside.
Add the garbanzo beans and brown rice to the bowl of the food processor and process until the mixture forms a coarse mash. Add to the mixing bowl along with the oat bran, marjoram, thyme, onion powder, soy sauce, and mustard. Using your hands, knead the mixture well until it is thoroughly mixed and holds its shape. Set aside.
Bring a large saucepan of salted water to a boil. Add the cabbage leaves and cook for 2 to 3 minutes (the leaves should be limp enough to roll but not cooked through). Drain the leaves thoroughly.
Divide the bean and rice mixture into ten equal pieces. Form each piece into a tiny round loaf.
Place a cabbage leaf on your work surface (if there is a rip in the leaf, cover it with another small cabbage leaf; if the leaf has a tough middle stem that won’t roll, cut it away and overlap the remaining leaf). Place a loaf at one edge of the cabbage leaf and roll it up, folding in the edges as you go. Repeat with the remaining bean and rice loaves.
Place the cabbage rolls seam side down in an

########
Rank: 12
Score: 28.81001
Retrieved Text: What causes my cabbage to send up a flower stalk?
Bolting, or flowering of cabbage, is directly related to temperature. If the plants become dormant because of extended periods of cold weather, they will often go to seed, or bolt, when growth resumes. This condition can also occur if the temperature becomes too hot. Spring-planted cabbage is often seen flowering in gardens in midsummer. Since you mentioned that you planted the cabbage in late March, I would suspect the hot weather is causing your bolting problem. It is recommended that you plant cabbage between September and February in North Florida.
How do I get rid of Dallis grass in St. Augustine lawn grass?
Dallis grass (Paspalum dilatatum) grows in low wet areas of lawns. Once established, however, it will tolerate drought conditions. Dallis grass is a clump grass that can only be killed by manually digging up the clumps or spot killing them with one of the glyphosate herbicides (Roundup). Any St. Augustine grass that the herbicide gets on will also be killed. However, it will grow back into the spot where the Dallis grass was. Another product you could try would be one used for crabgrass control. Several treatments may be necessary. Dallis grass is only propagated by seed, so it is imperative that it not be allowed to go to seed.
Can you suggest some plants that I can use in a room that gets very little light? I measured the light level with a light meter on my camera and it is in the range of 100-

########
Rank: 13
Score: 28.731136
Retrieved Text: in my seed box in my Potting Shed.
I wish my mind worked like yours, Mary! I have a stone bunny…two, even! I have pretty pitchers & even some bulbs with sprouting green tips. I have a wooden box, no where near as pretty as yours but it would work. I even have the same galvanized watering can!!!
What I don’t have is the creative genius to think of putting them all together so beautifully, like YOU did. It must be genetic.
I sure hope you don’t mind copy cats, ‘cus I’m going to try to duplicate this little vignette right down to the petals.
Thank you so much for all the inspiration that you provide.
Love this! I wish my planting date was so early! Love the whole arrangement but I especially love the bulbs in the pitcher- how cute!
I think our planting date is April 15th, too….I need to get on it. I’ve got nothing done over here….
Love your seed box and the ranunculus — so pretty and cute with the bunny. Is that a Johnson Bros creamer? Wonderful flowery addition. Your planting day is right around the corner … enjoy!
You are so lucky to be able to start your planting now. Our date in western pennsylvania is June first. It’s a very short growing season. I’ll have to be content to look at beautiful flowers on blogs for awhile. Love your blog!
Lucky you surrounded by beauty inside and out!
Mary, I don’t grow many flowers from seed either except for marigolds and zinnias. They seem to pop up as

########
Rank: 14
Score: 28.581165
Retrieved Text: Root Maggots are the larva of the root maggot fly, of which there many varieties.
There are several kinds with different preferred host plants. The eggs of these root eating insects are laid in the soil and hatch into the larva commonly known as maggots. The maggots will come to the surface to pupate , become flies and begin the life cycle process all over again. Eggs will survive the winter in the soil. Dusting the plants with Diatomaceous Earth will help deter this pest. Applying beneficial nematodesto soil before planting will help to reduce any potential outbreak before it begins.
Root maggots can be found on almost any type of vegetable but are more common on peas, beans, cabbage, broccoli, radishes, turnips, and tubers .
Root maggots are more likely to attack in cooler weather. Unexplainably stunted plants that wilt for no other apparent reason, are an indication of root maggots in the soil.
The best way to tell whether you have root maggots or not is to gently lift the plant from the soil without damaging the root system anymore than it already has been, and examine their roots.
Look for small maggots , minute little white or cream colored worms that are sometimes no longer than the width of a pencil point. Some types of maggots have small dark spots. If vegetable root maggots are present, the roots will be eaten and tunneled through. In larger roots and tubers such as potatoes or onions the tunneling will be more evident. You should be able to see the maggots.
The

########
Rank: 15
Score: 28.496561
Retrieved Text: 1) put the corned beef in, and add ~2 tsp mustard seed, 1.5 tsp peppercorn mix, 4 cloves, 8 juniper berries, 6 all spice berries, 2 very strong bay leaves or 4+ weak bay leaves), and 2 tablespoons of thyme or maybe a little more).
2) Cook for 2.5 hours, turning every half-hour.
3) After 2.5 hours, take out the corned beef, and add half the potatoes, carrots, and onion. Cook for 15-25 minutes.
4) After those 15-25 minutes, add the rest of the veggies, and cook for another 15 minutes.
5) Take out half, and fill the empty space with the cabbage. Cook on high for another 15 minutes.
6) Serve an 8th of cabbage, 2 slices of corned beef, a bowl-full of veggies, and add chopped fresh parsley on top. Serve along with the Irish soda bread.
1) Mix all of the dry ingredients together.
2) Stir in the buttermilk past where the dough looks shaggy, until the dough looks smooth.
3) Place in a cast iron pan already pre-heated to 450, and cook for 30~ish minutes.
4) Take out and serve with the Irish butter.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 28.190346
Retrieved Text: Our sweet little Gozer girl is definitely more comfortable in our house. She's started to play in the backyard- and she's definitely trying to communicate things to us.
Over the last few weeks she's spent a lot of time looking out the patio doors. Now she actually wants to go into the backyard to play and she's been spending some time there on her own (under our supervision). She loves to chase the birds out of the trees and then run circles around the lawn. When she's allowed to go up to the garden patch, she especially loves to go and sniff at the dead cabbage plants. One time I thought she was going to roll around in one of them! Last night when I took her out for her pre-bedtime pee she waded her way through four inches of snow (sans booties) to pee right in front of the gate. All the dogs now know that the backyard belongs to her.
She's also been telling us, in her own subtle way, that she doesn't like her booties. Over the last few days she'd been walking backwards after her booties were put on her feet but of course we kept putting them on her. This evening as soon as I tried to put one bootie on, she laid down and went limp. Do you know how difficult it is to put a sock-style booties on a completely limp foot? I got them on but one came off during the walk.
We clearly aren't getting the message from her that

########
Rank: 17
Score: 27.974024
Retrieved Text: Kefir grains with milk which can be used to make Almond Cheese.
Rejuvelac is a bubbly fermented grain drink made traditionally from wheat berries. It is good for people with wheat and gluten allergies but you can also make it from quinoa or any grain.
•	Soak one cup of whole wheat overnight in a 2 litre jar.
•	Secure mesh over the mouth of the jar and drain off water in morning.
•	Sprout the grain by rinsing 2-3 times a day until the 'tails' start to emerge (usually 2-3 days).
•	When the tails are a bit longer than the actual grain fill the jar with fresh filtered water, cover with a cloth and put in a warm spot out of direct sun.
•	When you see bubbles forming at the top and the liquid has a sour but pleasant smell, your rejuvelac is ready to harvest.
•	Strain the rejuvelac into clean jar and refrigerate.
•	Soak rolled oats or other grains in overnight before cooking.
•	Enjoy half a cup a couple of times a day.
You will need a large glass or ceramic container with a wide opening (cylindrical shape is best), and a plate or lid to cover the top plus something to weigh it down (glass or plastic bag filled with heavy water or rock).
The mix is like coleslaw but with 80% cabbage. You will need at least one large cabbage (red or white) and then any combination of: carrot, beetroot, leek, turmeric, celery, fennel bulb, coriander seed, cumin seed, garlic and chopped up seaweed.
•	Remove a few outside leaves of the cabbage and set aside.
•	Put the rest

########
Rank: 18
Score: 27.87302
Retrieved Text: Baechu Kimchi - This will be Korea's most popular and probably be the best known of the Thai people. Today we will show you how to make real Korean kimchi by Korean people to all of Foodtravel.tv member. With various ingredients that you can find in Thailand. If you want to try making Kimchi by your own at home, you shouldn’t miss this clip at all.
1. Rinse the cabbage by remove the outer lose leaves. Cut cabbage into 2 parts.
2. Mix salt with water for soaking cabbage.
3. Put salt in each layer of cabbage leaves. Then put in the saline. Follow this step with all leaves.
4. Soak cabbage that you already put salt into it for 5 hours.
5. After 5 hours later, squeeze the water out of cabbage. Set aside on the sieve.
1. Put sliced radish into a mixing bowl, follow with blended goat pepper, glutinous rice (mix with boiled water) and mix well together.
2. Put Korean chili, blended garlic, blended onion, blended apples, blended ginger, blended Opossum shrimp, and blended fresh shrimp to mix well by hand.
3. After the ingredients are well combined. Taste as you like, add sugar, spring onion and mix them well.
4. After soaking cabbage for 5 hours and squeeze the water out already, put in Kimji then.
Baechu Kimchi - This will be Koreas most popular and probably be the best known of the Thai people. Today we will show you how to make real Korean kimchi by Korean people to all of Foodtravel.tv member. With various ingredients that you can find

########
Rank: 19
Score: 27.86393
Retrieved Text: Breastfeeding is by far the best thing for your child's emotional and physical health. Many mothers find that breastfeeding can be rewarding for both the parent and the child. However, there are also some challenges with breastfeeding, one being mastitis. Here are some things you need to know about mastitis and how you can treat it.
Mastitis is an infection of the breast. It begins with a plugged duct. This is when the duct inside the breast that carries the milk becomes obstructed. Plugged ducts are quite normal for breastfeeding women. Generally the blockage will go away, but if it doesn't it will become infected. The signs of Mastitis are a red inflamed breast, pain in the breast, fever, and a lump in the breast.
There are many different ways to treat mastitis. If the infection becomes severe enough you will need to take an antibiotic to fight the infection. However in some cases you can treat the problem naturally. The goal is to detect a plugged duct early on so that you can help to relieve the blockage before it becomes infected. Here are a couple things you can do to treat it.
Drink Pineapple Juice. The citrus in fresh pineapple juice has been known to help break up the blockage.
Take Grapefruit Seed Extract. Grapefruit seed extract is a natural way to help fight yeast infections and infections of the breast. If you take the supplement daily you can fight or prevent infection.
Put Cabbage Leaves In Your Bra. Cabbage leaves are a great way to help get the

########
Rank: 20
Score: 27.665806
Retrieved Text: Kitchen Fact: Can You Freeze Coleslaw?
Coleslaw - one of the most popular recipes for salad - is relished by a lot of people across the world, irrespective of their gender or age. Coleslaw is a very enticing and appetizing dish on hot, summer days, or just when you crave some crunchy yet healthy snacks.
But, do you know what the best part about coleslaw is?
It is very, very simple to prepare!
And sometimes, because of this, you enjoyed making too much that you shredded an entire humongous cabbage and a bunch of carrots only to find out that it is more than enough for your family.
Should you throw it out, (which I’m telling you right now, is not a good thing!) or freeze it?
Can you even freeze it?
Is It OK To Freeze Coleslaw?
Coleslaw is one of the most common side dishes that is served in major fast food chains. It consists of shredded carrots and cabbage and best partnered with various sauces and dressings. Can be served as a lightweight dish of refreshing appetizer to heavy meals like meats and barbecue.
Coleslaw came from the Dutch term “koosla” meaning cabbage salad. It is said that this salad recipe was mentioned in a recipe book that was published way back in 1770, entitled “The Sensible Cook: Dutch Foodways in the Old and New World”. The book was said to feature a salad recipe that had thin strips of cabbage mixed with melted butter, oil, and vinegar.
In Germany, apples or onions are usually added to their coleslaw recipe. The UK version

########
Rank: 21
Score: 27.650887
Retrieved Text: What grows well with basil and other herbs?
Learn about companion planting with herbs! The classic example is that basil grows well with tomatoes, but there are many more great combinations. Herbs are also great companions to food in your culinary masterpieces.
Here are a few of the most common herbs, as well as the best companion plants for them in the garden. We’ve also listed how each herb is best used in the kitchen.
In the kitchen: Use seed for pickles and also to add aroma and taste to strong vegetables like cauliflower, cabbage, and turnips. Use fresh with green beans, potato dishes, cheese, soups, salads, seafood, and sauces.
In the kitchen: Excellent in almost any meat, fish, dairy, or vegetable dish that isn’t sweet. Add near the end of cooking.
In the kitchen: It is common in Middle Eastern dishes. Use with roast lamb or fish and in salads, jellies, or teas.
In the garden: Plant near cabbage, beans, carrots, and sage. Deters cabbage moth, bean beetles, and carrot fly.
In the garden: Plant near cabbage. Deters cabbage worm.
In the kitchen: Use in casseroles, stews, soups, ragouts, and with eggs, potatoes, fish, and green vegetables.
In the kitchen: Use in cookies, cakes, fruit fillings, and breads, or with cottage cheese, shellfish, and spaghetti dishes.
In the kitchen: It’s a great flavoring for soups, stews, and salad dressings. Goes well with potatoes. The seeds can be used on breads and biscuits.
So good to know about basil deterring flies and mosquitos. I'm going to grow near the garden plants and all around the deck where

########
Rank: 22
Score: 27.562689
Retrieved Text: Do You Prefer It Cold or Hot?
One of my first lessons in growing veggies is to learn the plant’s preference for temperature. To keep it simple, there are cool season and warm season crops. Getting to know what the plant prefers determines when to buy/plant, what to buy/plant, where to buy/plant, and when to harvest/eat! In the mid-Atlantic area, typical cool season plants are anything in the cabbage family (cabbage, broccoli, collard, Brussels sprout), lettuce, pea, kale, chervil, dill, cilantro, leek, scallions, radish, spinach, arugula, beet, pak choi or bok choy, carrot, mustard, parsnip, turnip, and Swiss chard. Some can carry on during the summer such as spring onions and Swiss chard; others “bolt” as soon as it warms up in May/June. For example, cilantro will “bolt,” that is, flower and go to seed, as it warms which is good if you want the seed but bad if you want to harvest the leaves. When the plant bolts and goes into flower/seed production stage, the leaves tend to taste bitter.
Most people associate the warm season edibles with summer itself, fresh tomato and basil, eggplant, pepper, corn, summer/winter squash, zucchini, melon, watermelon, cucumber, okra, and pumpkins.
Visit garden nurseries and ask knowledgeable staff.
Most catalogs put their plant/seed offerings in alphabetical order but really it would be useful if you read them in order of the calendar year. My 2014 Botanical Interests catalog has “warm season” or “cool season” to the right of each plant type, making it very easy to identify. I have often thought that it would

########
Rank: 23
Score: 27.45184
Retrieved Text: I grew up eating a lot of sauerkraut. My favorite is probably sauerkraut with apples and pork chops, although I also love to saute some and serve it on my beer boiled, then grilled brats. However, it’s one thing I was always a little hesitant to make myself. My mom would make it in a huge vat in the basement. Here in Florida, I have neither a huge vat nor a basement. Luckily, I’ve found a much more manageable recipe that only requires a stock pot or food-grade 5 gallon bucket.
Sauerkraut is made using fermentation as a preservation method. Fermentation makes foods more digestible and adds beneficial enzymes and probiotics to the food. Fermented foods are known to help digestive issues and improve overall health. Some of these benefits are lost when foods like sauerkraut are heat processed during canning. The best way to get the maximum benefits from sauerkraut is to make it yourself.
Here in Florida, cabbage is currently in abundance. I can buy it at the farmer’s market for $1 for a large head. Since the only other ingredients are pickling salt and caraway seed, that makes this a very inexpensive recipe. I got 3 1/2 quarts of sauerkraut from 3 heads of cabbage.
Thinly slice the cabbage or shred it in the food processor. Gradually pack the cabbage into your container, adding salt and caraway seed as you go. Press the cabbage down with your fist as you add it. The pickling salt draws water out of the cabbage and creates a brine for

########
Rank: 24
Score: 27.271255
Retrieved Text: No; this is not a recipe. It is two brief stories about my first fishing trip and the first vegetables I ever grew.
My first fishing trip was at Silver Lake, past my grandparents summer house in Pioneer. I was just a little tyke. I think I had just a small cane with a hook on a string tied to it. I doubt that I was expected to catch anything with it. I sat on a bare granite shore with my Uncle Bill behind me to keep me from falling in, and my hook on a string in the water.
‘Fishy’ took the hook almost immediately. He was a slippery and shiny trout who startled everyone around with his eagerness to grab onto the hook in order to come home with us. I pulled him up so that my Uncle Bill could take him off of the hook. However, to my surprise, my Uncle Bill explained that Fishy had to go back into the lake because he was too small! I was baffled. I told my Uncle Bill that Fishy could not bee too small because he was bigger than any other fish in my grandfather’s aquarium!
Of course, Uncle Bill then explained that the objective of fishing was not to relocate fish from the uncomfortably cold lake to the cozy warm aquarium. As he continued to explain what the real objective of fishing was, it became very obvious that the lake was the best option for Fishy! Uncle Bill put Fishy back in the water, where he happily

########
Rank: 25
Score: 27.214842
Retrieved Text: A pretty herb with feathery green leaves and umbrella clusters of pink or white flowers.
Produces seed in its second year.
Used in cheeses, rye bread, and cabbage dishes.
Used to treat flatulence and indigestion.
Also known as Persian Cumin, the use of Caraway as a flavouring is said to have originated with the ancient Arabs. Although Caraway seeds look like Cumin seeds, their flavour is very different, and more similar to Anise.
Caraway is a biennial, and thus flowers in its second year. The seeds ripen a month after flowering, just before the plant dies (but it will readily self seed). Not only can the seed be eaten - but both the leaves and roots also.
The herbalist John Parkinson noted that Caraway seeds were 'much used to be put among baked fruit, or into bread, cakes, etc., to give them a rellish. It is also made into comfites and taken for cold or wind in the body, which also are served to the table with fruit'. In Shakespeare's Henry IV, Squire Shallow invites Falstaff to 'a pippin and a dish of Caraways'.
Reaches a height of 30 - 60 cm in its second year.
Feathery leaves topped with umbrella clusters of pink or white flowers.
Likes full sun, partial shade.
Thrives best in less humid climates.
Has a tap root so use a pot at least 20 cm deep if growing in a container.
Should be cut back at the end of its first season.
Flavouring used in the German liqueur, Kummel.
Used in cheeses, rye bread, cabbage dishes.
Also used in Indian dishes.
Leaves are pleasantly bitter can be

########
Rank: 26
Score: 27.189547
Retrieved Text: After her mother was diagnosed with breast cancer in 2008, Jacksonville resident Jade Robinson frequently traveled to Virginia to help her through chemotherapy and surgeries.
While helping her mother heal, she noticed the compassion her mother received during her treatment, and Robinson, 27, wanted to do the same for someone in the city where she lived.
Since then, Robinson has worked with Making Strides Against Breast Cancer, an organization with the American Cancer Society that raises awareness and funds for breast cancer research.
Her work with the organization began in 2008, months after her mother was diagnosed with Stage 3 breast cancer.
She first became interested in Making Strides after attending a kickoff event with a boxing theme, asking potential participants to help the organization finish the fight against breast cancer.
"Once I went to that kickoff, I just fell in love," Robinson said.
She created a team of participants as a team leader for Jacksonville's walk. Each year, she kept surpassing the amount she raised and picked up more responsibilities for the organization.
"I started progressing, and more people started seeing my efforts," she said. "By the third year, [my team] was raising in the thousands."
Leading a team for the race soon steamrolled into an hours-a-week commitment. Robinson now serves as the team development chairwoman.
Making Strides expects thousands of people to participate in the event this year and hopes to raise millions around the state, Robinson said. She also continues to lead her own team each race day, which falls on Oct. 26 this year.
"It takes an army of volunteers to beat

########
Rank: 27
Score: 27.124277
Retrieved Text: When we first moved to Cuenca Ecuador we said that we wouldn't need to have a garden anymore since the fruits and vegetables are so abundant and great priced. But we cannot stop growing food because its fun. We always have kale to eat from the gardens and we also like to grow pole beans, herbs like rosemary and basil, beets and radishes, which all grow great here. Frank tried his green thumb with Roma tomatoes but they didn't do well at all because they need warmer weather! Ouch!
It’s that time of year again to start your seedlings indoors to get a head start in the planting season. Almost any location in the u.s it is recommended to start your seeds indoors 4 to 6 weeks before the last danger of frost, and in the southeast that is in Feb/March or March/April. In the north it might be a bit later than that. So if you start your seedlings indoors during these months, it most likely will be safe to put them in the dirt outdoors in April or May. Although it is still possible to get a late frost in mid May in some areas in the north.
Zucchini grows only "ok" in Cuenca Ecuador. It really needs warmer weather.
The neat thing about living in Cuenca Ecuador, where the weather is (mostly) constant, you do not need to start your seedlings indoors; instead you can simply bury your seeds outside in the garden bed where you want them to grow. Zuchinni will not grow in the

########
Rank: 28
Score: 27.075884
Retrieved Text: The Asian salad dressing is surprisingly easy to make and will keep longer in the refrigerator since it is oil and vinegar based.
I suggest whipping up a batch to keep in the frig as it is much better after a day or two giving flavors time to blend and infuse with the oil. I store in jars that have a tight fitted lid.
Try any of these dressings on cabbage salads or chicken salad. My favorite is the Asian Vinaigrette on romaine lettuce with chunks of chicken. So simple and easy to make for quick lunch.
Put all ingredients into a shaker to blend. Put in refrigerator until ready to serve over a salad. It is Best if made at least one hour before serving.
In a shaker or jar with tight fitting cover, combine the garlic, ginger, olive oil, rice vinegar, soy sauce, honey, and water and shake well. Remove lid, and heat jar in the microwave for 1 minute just to dissolve the honey. Let cool and store covered in the refrigerator. Shake well before serving.
Put ginger, rice wine vinegar, brown sugar and soy sauce in a medium mixing bowl and whisk together. Whisk in chili sauce, avoid any lumps. Add the grape seed oil, whisking again to incorporate oil into vinegar mixture. You will need to shake or mix the dressing again immediately before serving. Pour over bed of lettuce with diced chicken breast, grated and diced vegetables.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 26.99804
Retrieved Text: Coleslaw is basically raw shredded cabbage, with or without some other vegetables, in a creamy and/or tangy dressing. I usually make it from green and red cabbage and carrot, in a mayo/mustard vinegrette. Comes out very pretty.
How you cut the cabbage makes an enormous difference. I have in the past used the shredder attachment of my food processer, but that makes a dense slaw without the right texture. It was much better sliced on a box grater. I used the slicing side for as much as I could and the coarse grating side for the end pieces and the carrot. You can also slice by hand, which I did for leaves that fell off, but it’s hard to get them thin enough.
The superior tool though is a mandoline. You get ultra-thin but long pieces. The shreds in this picture are wider than usual, but this was a different kind of cabbage and the ones on top were mostly handsliced.
Grate cabbage very finely, but in long strands, not a fine dice. You can use shredded cabbage from bags if you prefer. I usually shred 1 green cabbage, 1 red cabbage, and 2 large carrots. This makes a lot of coleslaw. You can make a very nice amount with 1/4 each red and green cabbage and 1/2 carrot.
Add good quality extra virgin olive oil to the cabbage, enough to coat all pieces lightly. Around 1/2 cup.
Add not quite as much apple cider vinegar as you did olive oil. 1/4 cup or more.
Add several big squirts (3-4 tablespoons) of

================



======= Instance Index 2362 =========
Input Text: Read the following conversation and answer the question.

W: Mr. Wilson, you said you saw the bus crash into the truck. Do you know what caused the accident?

M: I saw a boy riding his bicycle in the street. The bus driver tried to avoid biting him. He made a sudden turn and lost control the bus.

Question: What caused the bus driver to loss control of the bus? 

- He made a sudden turn.

- He drove the bus over a bicycle.

- He tried to avoid hitting the truck.

Target Text: He made a sudden turn.

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 38.265675
Retrieved Text: The death toll of the bus accident in which a factory bus plunged into into a monsoon drain near KL International Airport, rose to 11.
In the latest report by Harian Metro, nine of the victims perished at the scene, while the remaining two died of their injuries at the Serdang Hospital where they were being treated.
Thought the reason of the accident is yet to be ascertained, the current speculation is that the driver of the factory bus might have lost lost control of the vehicle, sending it plummeting into a monsoon drain near KL International Airport.
Excepting the driver, there were 43 passengers on the bus, all of whom are believed to be MAS Kargo contract workers. At the time of the accident last night (April 7), the bus was on its way to the cargo airline’s office from Nilai, Negeri Sembilan. Most of them have been confirmed as Bangladesh, Nepal or Indonesia nationals, with a few yet to be identified.
According to KLIA OCPD Asst Comm Zulkifli Adamshah, all the deceased victims were foreign workers, out of which eight were men, and three were female. The remaining 33 victims of the 11.10pm accident have been rushed to several different hospitals in Kajang, Serdang and Putrajaya.
It is currently still unclear as to what caused the loss of control, and the cause of the accident remains under investigation.
This is undoubtedly one of the most devastating accidents to have struck on Malaysian soil this year. We hope that the remaining victims will be able to recover swiftly, and express our

########
Rank: 1
Score: 38.192276
Retrieved Text: Buses are widely considered to be one of the safest ways to travel–second only to commercial flights. Because of the low cost, safety, and convenience of buses, many people choose this form of transportation both on a daily basis and for long-distance travel.
When you board a bus, you should be able to trust that the bus driver is qualified, well-trained, and will drive safely, as well as that the bus is in proper working order. Unfortunately, bus accidents do occur and passengers–as well as other motorists–can sustain serious injuries. According to the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration (FMCSA), there were approximately 68,000 bus crashes in 2014 alone in the United States, which led to an estimated 22,000 injuries and 281 deaths.
The recent bus accident in Texas demonstrates just how devastating a single bus crash can be.
On May 14th, a charter bus heading north on Highway 83 near Laredo suddenly rolled over, causing catastrophic results for passengers. Seven passengers died at the scene of the accident and one additional passenger was later pronounced dead from their injuries at the hospital. 44 more people–including the bus driver–were taken to nearby hospitals for necessary medical care due to injuries sustained in the rollover crash. Overall, communities in Webb County and Dimmit County were left in shock after one of the worst bus crashes in the state in years.
Families of the deceased victims are likely left wondering who can be held accountable for this tragic and unexpected loss. Injured victims may be wondering who is going to cover their medical

########
Rank: 2
Score: 38.0147
Retrieved Text: A bus driver was injured in a Harrisburg car accident, reports Penn Live.
After crossing an intersection, the bus driver veered to the right when she hit a curb in the Harrisburg car accident. After hitting the curb, the driver over-corrected and hit the same curb for the second time in the Harrisburg car accident.
The bus ran into a truck in the nearby McDonald’s parking lot in the Harrisburg car accident. The truck was pushed into another set of cars in the Harrisburg car accident. The second set of cars were pushed into a restaurant where the Harrisburg car accident caused noticeable damages.
The bus driver was thrown out of the bus in the Harrisburg car accident.
After being thrown off the bus, the bus continued across the street and finally hit a body shop. One more car was damaged in this Harrisburg car accident.
The bus driver was taken to the hospital with serious Harrisburg auto accident injuries. There were no kids on the bus in this Harrisburg car accident.
What do you think caused this Harrisburg car accident? Do you believe the driver should be held liable for the damages done after the driver was ejected in the Harrisburg car accident? The drive was not in control at that time the vehicle crashed into the body shop.
If you have been injured in a Harrisburg car accident, the Harrisburg car accident attorneys at Schmidt Kramer Injury Lawyers can help you.
Schmidt Kramer - PA injury lawyers. Ph: (888) 476-0807.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 37.20593
Retrieved Text: The driver is responsible for the safety of the vehicle and passengers. Any passenger whose conduct is in breach of statutory regulations may be removed from the vehicle or prevented from boarding on the driver’s authority.
Limousine Bus 430 reserves the right to hold the Hirers credit/eftpos card for the entirety of the booking and return on completion of the booking.
NO SMOKING is permitted in any of our vehicles. (It is against the law in WA to smoke in a Public Transport Vehicle) including Shisha or Vape. The Shisha’s on the bus are for display only. If you smoke them you are smoking them at your own risk and Limousine Bus 430 or anyone attached to the business is NOT liable for any harm caused by them.
NO ALCOHOL is to be consumed in any of our vehicles without the drivers consent, and all terms and conditions have been adhered to. The inside of the bus is a public place. It is against the law to drink in a public place. It is an on the spot fine for this offence. The hirer is fully responsible for all fines related to the consumption of alcohol, including fines the driver may receive through this offence.
If there is unsociable or unruly behaviour on or off the vehicle any time, the driver has the right to terminate the charter immediately and no refund shall be issued.
There is to be no opened or unopened alcohol brought on the bus at any time, without the drivers consent.
Any alcohol brought onto the bus or

########
Rank: 4
Score: 36.507187
Retrieved Text: Many people travel on a bus or a coach every day and thankfully the majority of journeys are accident free. Unfortunately though, there are times where passengers, often not wearing seatbelts and possibly standing, suffer an injury through no fault of their own.
As an innocent passenger you should be able to pursue a personal injury claim for your injury. The first step will be to understand what happened, as this will determine who your claim is against.
If the accident was caused by the driver of the bus or coach you were travelling on, then your personal injury claim can be made against both the driver and the bus or coach company who are liable for their employee’s actions.
Cases where the bus or coach driver are at fault include where their poor driving leads to a collision with another road user. There are specific regulations in place that outline what is expected of bus drivers in order to protect their passengers. If a driver fails to exercise the proper level of skill and care, passengers can be injured when boarding, when standing if the bus is crowded, or when they are leaving their seat.
It may be that another road user was at fault for the accident either in full or in part. In these cases the personal injury claim would be made against that person.
Other cases may arise from where the accident is caused by poor road conditions. Local Councils and Authorities have an obligation to keep the roads safe. If they fail to do this and

########
Rank: 5
Score: 36.112156
Retrieved Text: The driver of a small car lost control of his vehicle at the intersection of Ridge Street and Monticello Avenue in Charlottesville, VA. He slammed into a Charlottesville Area Transit bus at such a high speed that he totaled his car.
The driver of the car suffered minor injuries, and the bus driver complained of unknown pains and injuries. The bus damages totaled at least $4,000, according to WINA.
We are relieved that there appears to have been no serious injuries in this accident. This crash illustrates the importance for all of us to be aware of our surroundings and our speed as we drive. The driver of the car who reportedly caused the crash has been charged with reckless driving.
The bus driver who suffered minor injuries should speak to a Virginia personal injury lawyer soon to discuss legal options. The carelessness of the car driver caused mental and physical distress to an innocent person, and the bus driver most likely has a well-deserved right to restitution. The car driver still can be sued through a civil claim, even while criminal charges against him are pending.
To learn more about the type of damages you may be entitled to in a personal injury case, please read this article about obtaining damages to compensate for lost wages, pain and suffering and medical bills.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 35.86092
Retrieved Text: Bus companies are responsible to monitor their vehicles and their staff and when they fail to do this, there can be consequences that other people will suffer as a result. Maintenance of the fleet, hiring qualified professional drivers, and ensuring their compliance to rules and regulations for transportation companies are the main responsibilities of a bus company owner.
When there is negligence in a bus company, it is not only the bus passengers that are in danger, but also the pedestrians and other vehicles plying the streets. Because of the size of buses and their speed of travel, accidents can cause massive damage and injuries. Negligence is seen in the lack of bus maintenance by company owners which can result in faulty parts, and the negligence of drivers themselves and this can lead to an unsafe travel. Bus accidents lead to injuries and death. A bus accident attorney should be contacted in such cases since they can help the victims gain monetary compensation for their loss or injuries.
A bus driver can be negligent if he is inattentive to dangerous roadways, texting while driving and getting distracted, driving in violation of hour of service requirements, and a bus company is negligent if the vehicle parts lack proper maintenance, and many more. Sometimes transportation companies overlook serious problems with their vehicle and their staff because they want to lessen their expenses to increase profits. This then leads to accidents on the road that could have easily been avoided.
Although some may be able to escape injury and death in a

########
Rank: 7
Score: 35.10896
Retrieved Text: Brakes are a part that we tend not to think about until the telltale squealing or squeaking sound becomes too hard to ignore. Just as brakes are an important safety system on passenger cars, brakes are vital to the safety of bus passengers, too. Many motorcoaches are equipped with air-brake systems. While these braking systems are effective at stopping a large, heavy vehicle like a bus, they must be properly maintained and monitored in order for problems to be quickly detected and corrected.
Braking system failure on a commercial bus can send the bus careening out of control until it either strikes a stationary object or flips onto its side and skids to a halt. Not only are the bus passengers in danger, but other motorists and individuals on and near the roadway are also in jeopardy. A bus company that fails to properly maintain its fleet’s braking systems or a bus driver who ignores early warning signs of brake problems can be held responsible for any injuries sustained by passengers or other motorists in a bus accident.
Motorcoaches equipped with air-brake systems and built after 1975 must comply with U.S. safety standards. An air compressor works to keep constant pressure in the braking system. When the brakes are applied, air pressure is expended. The compressor works to build the air pressure back up once it is expended so that the brakes are able to be used again.
Warning lights may illuminate on the gauges if the pressure in the system drops below a safe level.
What Should a Bus

########
Rank: 8
Score: 34.927208
Retrieved Text: Our Cape Girardeau car accident lawyers are troubled by a recent report of a Missouri school bus accident that sent 11 students to the hospital. It happened on March 13 in Belgrade, MO: the bus was carrying 35 students on Highway C, a narrow, 2-lane road. As the road curved to the left, the bus's rear wheels slid off the road and into a ditch. In response, the driver overcorrected, which caused the bus to overturn onto its passenger side.
3 students suffered serious injuries and were taken to St. Louis Children's Hospital by helicopter. 7 others suffered moderate injuries, and were taken by ambulance to hospitals in Farmington and Potosi. Several suffered from scrapes, bruises, fractures and broken bones.
According to the Missouri Highway Patrol, the accident happened when the bus driver (72 year-old Elwood Reed) became distracted. Reed, a substitute driver, had his attention diverted when a student dropped something behind the driver's seat, Sergeant Al Nothum reported.
This accident came right on the heels of another serious school bus crash: on March 12 in Indianapolis, a 5 year-old girl and a 60 year-old bus driver were killed when the driver slammed into a concrete pillar of an old railroad bridge. About 50 students were on board: 2 others were critically injured, and 10 suffered non-life threatening injuries. The cause of the accident is unknown, and the investigation continues.
In light of these very serious accidents, our lawyers thought it might be a good time to discuss all aspects of school bus safety. According to the School Bus

########
Rank: 9
Score: 34.619675
Retrieved Text: ROSEVILLE (AP) - Authorities say one person was hurt in a fiery crash involving four vehicles on a Twin Cities interstate.
The crash on Interstate 35 brought Friday morning traffic to a halt during a rainy commute.
The Minnesota State Patrol says a southbound semi driver lost control of the rig, went over the guard rail and into the northbound lanes.
A Metro Mobility bus, a box truck and pickup truck struck the semi, which started on fire.
The driver of the bus was trapped inside. A passer-by with a towing strap pulled the small bus away from the burning semi. The bus driver suffered minor injuries. There were no passengers.
The semi was destroyed. Roseville fire officials say the total loss from the fire is estimated at about $500,000.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 34.492477
Retrieved Text: On Monday, March 26th, at 3:30pm, the Kingman Police Department investigated an injury crash involving a KUSD school bus and a Pick-up truck. The school bus, occupied by a 57 year old driver and four students, was northbound in the 1200blk of Eastern Ave., when a blue Ford pick-up, driven by a 36 year old Kingman man, driving southbound on Eastern Ave., crossed over the center line, crashing into the school bus. The collision caused the airbag in the pick-up to deploy. One student on the bus suffered minor injuries and was transported to Kingman Regional Medical Center. The driver of the truck suffered minor injuries and refused medical treatment. No other injuries were reported. The roadway was closed during the investigation for about 1 ½ hours. The investigation determined that the driver had fallen asleep due to fatigue, causing the crash. No impairment was suspected. The driver of the truck was issued a citation charging a civil violation of Failure to Control Speed to Avoid a Crash.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 34.403164
Retrieved Text: Although Google is not required to release videos of their crashes, the bus company released video showing how the Google Lexus caused the sidewipe of the bus on Valentine’s Day this year. Consumers would be better served if Google also released their video says Consumer Watchdog.
The Santa Clara Valley Transportation Authority concluded based on the footage that the bus driver was not responsible, spokeswoman Stacey Hendler Ross told the Associated Press.
Consumer Watchdog today demanded that Google release its own video of one of its self-driving robot car crashing into a transit bus.
Consumer Watchdog also reiterated its call to the California DMV to amend its regulations and require that police investigate all self-driving robot car crashes and that video and technical details of the incidents be made public.
California law requires that self-driving vehicles being tested in the state have a driver behind a steering wheel and brake pedal, capable of taking control when necessary. The DMV has just proposed regulations covering the general use of self-driving cars in the state, and continues the requirement that a driver be behind the steering wheel capable of taking control. Google is opposing the requirement.
Consumer Watchdog said that Google’s own test results demonstrate the need for a driver who can intervene. A required report filed with the DMV showed the self-driving robot car technology failed 341 times during the reporting period. The self-driving technology could not cope and turned over control 272 times, while the test driver felt compelled to intervene 69 times.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 34.357285
Retrieved Text: Earlier today, a Syracuse area teenager was hospitalized after rear-ending a school bus on Kasson Road in the County of Onondaga. According to the Onondaga County Sheriff’s Office, the school bus was stopped with red lights flashing when a seventeen (17) year old drove into the back of the bus. The 17 year old struck the bus with enough force to wedge his car underneath the rear bumper of the bus. Rescue crews were called to the scene to pull the negligent driver from the wreckage.
As many as 500,000 school buses transport newarly 24,000,000 children to and from school each day. While school bus accidents are common, the damage is usually minor and where there are injuries, they usually are to the driver of a car that came into contact with the bus (67%) or with a pedestrian (25%), and not to school bus passengers (9%).
The trial lawyers at Bottar Law, PLLC, have decades of experience investigating, prosecuting and trying to verdict all types of accident cases, including school bus accidents caused by negligent drivers, negligent bus drivers, untrained bus drivers, and unsafe school buses. If your or your child were injured in an accident involving a school bus, you, your child and/or your family may be entitled to compensation for lifelong health care, medical expenses, special education, medical bills, loss of income, and pain and suffering.
To discuss your case or concerns with an experienced Central New York car, bus and truck accident attorney, contact Bottar Law, PLLC now at (315) 422-3466, (800) 336-LAWS, or by

########
Rank: 13
Score: 34.338436
Retrieved Text: Thousands of school bus drivers transport millions of children every day throughout the country. Generally, you’d expect their drivers would exercise care. However, many times what could have been a normal ride to school ends up in an accident. Who is to blame for a school bus accident? Our Charlotte bus accident lawyers at Dewey, Ramsay & Hunt can help explain more about who may be responsible for a school bus accident in North Carolina.
How Often Do Bus Accidents Happen in North Carolina?
Bus accidents happen more often than you’d expect. According to the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration, from 2007 to 2016, more than 1,200 people died in 1,147 school-transportation-related accidents in the U.S. Additionally, almost 300 school-age American children died in school bus accidents during the same year span in the country. Unfortunately, North Carolina is no stranger to school bus accidents. According to North Carolina’s 2016 Traffic Crash Facts report, there were 939 bus crashes, 4 fatal bus crashes, and 296 school bus accidents involving injuries. While school buses are still considered to be safer than passenger cars, accidents always happen and so do injuries.
What Causes Bus Accidents in North Carolina?
School bus crashes can happen for different reasons. Many bus accidents can be caused by the negligent actions of other motorists on the road. However, many school bus accidents can occur due to negligence from the bus driver and their employer. Some of the leading causes of school bus accidents include the following.
Driving fatigued or tired can be extremely dangerous for school bus drivers,

########
Rank: 14
Score: 34.19976
Retrieved Text: During the recent burst water main incident in Kennington on 29 June, many passengers were delayed on buses which were caught up in the congestion caused by the flooding and associated road closures. Can you please explain why, when buses are all equipped within tannoys and live communications with drivers, passengers were not advised of what was happening or offered and opportunity to choose a different route for their journey on some bus services?
Following the incident in Kennington, TfL's control centre immediately contacted drivers and service controllers about the cause of the delays so that passengers could be kept informed. Information was also displayed on TfL's Twitter feed and Countdown signs, as well as the TfL website. Announcements were made to inform passengers that bus tickets were being accepted on London Underground. TfL apologises for any inconvenience caused to passengers if they were not made aware of the incident.
TfL recognises the need for good information during times of disruption. Funding has been allocated in its Business Plan to enhance this aspect of bus driver training.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 34.018032
Retrieved Text: Translation:The driver stopped the bus.
it could have been a driver of another car or bus that caused that bus to stop.
"A driver stopped the bus" - why not?
If we are already talking about THE bus, then it probably has one specific driver at the moment. So it wasn't stopped by a random driver, but by THE driver of that bus.
It is possible that the bus has more than one driver and we do not know exactly which of them stopped the bus.
By the way, the answer "A driver has stopped the bus" is correct.
So why "A driver stopped the bus" is not?
Added +1 report to my profile info.
"Ten autobus nie jedzie w tym kierunku."

########
Rank: 16
Score: 33.85516
Retrieved Text: The Fung Wah bus company has been fined $31,100 for violating federal safety regulations linked to a rollover in Auburn, Mass. that injured dozens of passengers traveling from New York to Boston.
The Federal Motor Carriers Safety Administration said Fung Wah improperly hired drivers who couldn’t speak English and who regularly exceeded speed limits.
Both regulations were violated in the Sept. 5 bus accident, as well as previous bus rides reviewed by federal officials, the agency said.
“Motor coach operators must ensure that their operations are safe and their drivers are reliable,” said John H. Hill, the agency’s administrator, in announcing the fine.
In May, the agency fined the bus company $12,950 for speeding and failure to maintain proper driver records. Fung Wah offers low-price bus service between Boston and New York.
State regulators and representatives of the bus company met Monday to review a comprehensive safety plan for the bus service.
Following the Auburn accident, Fung Wah, which offers low-cost fares from Chinatown-to-Chinatown, agreed to implement reforms and allow routine inspections to keep operations going.
What about their insurance company loss control dept??? Where were they?? What about DMV inspections, for crying out loud???? Was everyone asleep??

########
Rank: 17
Score: 33.306927
Retrieved Text: Tires are what separates a driver from the roadway and are not to be taken lightly. If you are like thousands of other consumers, you most likely conducted research into your vehicle’s safety features and ratings prior to purchasing the car. Similarly, tires should be evaluated and researched prior to use and periodically throughout your travels to ensure that the tread on the tire is safe and that there are no current recalls in place for that particular unit. Unfortunately, tires may sometimes malfunction without warning and can cause fatal and catastrophic consequences.
Attorney Group for Kentucky can help you to determine if you have a valid claim if you or someone you love sustained injuries in a motor vehicle collision that resulted from a defective or faulty tire. For more information about your case or about any Kentucky tire recalls currently in effect, contact us today.
Tire malfunctions can occur with or without warning and are the most common cause of tire recalls. While it is vital to check your tires regularly for signs of excessive wear or tread damage, it is always important to remember that defective tires may not always show signs of failure. The outermost layer of the tire, the tread, may potentially separate from the rest of the layers of the tire and cause a decrease in air pressure, the vehicle to shift to one side or the other or the car to spin out of control.
In June 2013, the driver of a charter bus in Louisville, Kentucky caused a motor vehicle collision

########
Rank: 18
Score: 33.295773
Retrieved Text: On behalf of Morris & Dean posted in personal injury on Friday, December 15, 2017.
In Georgia and everywhere else, there is nothing more tragic or consequential than the violent death of a young child. When a horrific accident occurs while the child is under the control of the school district, parents' reactions are likely to be justifiably hyper-critical. In addition, the paradoxical failure of the school system to meet its solemn duty to the children will tend to permanently heighten the parents' sense of loss. Consequently, personal injury and wrongful death recoveries for children in school bus accidents are likely to be substantial.
A horrific accident recently occurred in the tiny Georgia town of Gum Branch, which is southwest of Savannah. A school bus driver went over a bump on a dirt road, lost control of the bus and crashed into a tree, causing the death of a 5-year-old girl and injuring 21 other elementary school students. The 62-year-old bus driver was also injured and hospitalized, but whether police believe that she has any criminal responsibility is unknown while the investigation continues.
A video surveillance tape located on the bus showed the driver struggling with the gear shift prior to the crash. It does not appear that the police believe that she was impaired in any way, although that question is also undetermined at this time. The small community entered into a state of shock and came forth with sincere expressions of concern for the grieving family.
Georgia negligence law will govern the liabilities of the parties to whom

########
Rank: 19
Score: 33.2519
Retrieved Text: A 25-year-old woman was critically injured in a Los Angeles pedestrian accident the afternoon of June 1, 2009, the Los Angeles Daily News reports. The woman was struck after an out-of-control car slammed into a bus stop in Van Nuys where the woman had been waiting, and dragged her several feet across pavement before coming to stop between a tree and a power pole.
Residents from a nearby apartment complex who saw the horrific Van Nuys car-pedestrian accident rushed to the scene, lifted the car and pulled her out from under it and revived her, Los Angeles police officials said. The accident occurred along the 14000 block of West Vanowen Street and Tyrone Avenue. The injured woman was taken to an area hospital in critical condition. LAPD officials say the pedestrian accident scene was extremely chaotic, everybody was in shock and that the bus bench was “in a million pieces.” The driver, who lost control of the four-door Infinity sedan, was also taken to a hospital, although his condition is not known. It is not clear why the driver lost control. Three other women also suffered minor personal injuries in this car-pedestrian accident.
My heart goes out to all who were injured in this pedestrian-car accident, especially the 25-year-old woman who was struck and then dragged by the car. I commend the neighbors who ran out of their homes to help this injured victim. I wish the young woman the very best for a quick and complete recovery. Please keep her in your prayers.
If I were a family

########
Rank: 20
Score: 33.16324
Retrieved Text: We trust school buses to safely transport our children to and from their destinations. If your child has been injured while riding on a school bus, you may be entitled to compensation for your harm. Establishing liability in school bus accidents can be complicated, and having the right attorney on your side can make a difference in your case. At our Law Offices, our Miami school bus accident attorneys can analyze the facts of your case and help you understand your legal rights and options.Last week, more than a dozen children were injured in an accident involving a school bus on Interstate 595 in Davie. Specifically, 18 people were sent to the hospital, including 14 minors. Thankfully, no one suffered any serious injuries. The bus crashed with three other cars in the eastbound lane just before the University Drive exit. There is no word from officials as to what caused the crash. The bus was one of seven carrying hundreds of South Florida middle and high school students on an annual mission trip with West Pines Community Church.
More than 450,000 school buses transport children to and from school each day across the country. According to the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration, school bus-related accidents send 17,000 children to emergency rooms each year. While Florida is one of a handful of states that have implemented safety belt requirements for school buses, injuries continue to take place when school buses crash with other vehicles on the road. Some common causes of school bus accidents include but are not

########
Rank: 21
Score: 33.158104
Retrieved Text: A sixth child has died from injuries caused by the fatal Chattanooga bus crash that killed five other children this week, police confirmed.
The driver, Johnthony Walker, has been arrested and is charged with five counts of vehicular homicide following the deadly Monday wreck in Tennessee, police say.
A school bus is carried away Tuesday, Nov. 22. from the site where it crashed on Monday.
The 24-year-old driver also faces reckless driving and reckless endangerment charges, according to a police report.
None of the children’s identities, who were students at the Woodmore Elementary School, have been officially released but loved ones have identified four girls and one boy.
Johnthony Walker was arrested after a school bus from Woodmore Elementary in Chattanooga, Tennessee overturned killing 6 people on Nov. 21.
Walker was “well above” the 30 mph speed limit at the time when he lost control of the bus as it flipped over and wrapped around a tree, police wrote in an affidavit.
Before the crash, he allegedly asked the elementary school children if they were “ready to die,” one parent said.
A school bus from Woodmore Elementary in Chattanooga, Tennessee has overturned killing 6 people on November 21, 2016.
Walker was reportedly involved in another bus crash in September before the killings, a crash report obtained by ABC News showed.
National Transportation Safety Board officials say Walker was not on a designated route before the crash and it is unclear if he took Talley Road before.
Investigators are expected to analyze footage and audio recordings from cameras as well as speed and braking information from an engine

########
Rank: 22
Score: 33.077602
Retrieved Text: The incident occurred at Banihal, Ramban district of Jammu and Kashmir, as a Hyundai Santro car struck a CRPF bus from behind and exploded.
In an another Pulwama-like attack, a car laden with gas cylinders rammed into a bus carrying CRPF personnel on Jammu-Srinagar Highway on Saturday, causing an explosion inside the car. No casualty has been reported in the incident so far, officials said.
The incident occurred at Banihal, Ramban district of Jammu and Kashmir, as a Hyundai Santro car struck a CRPF bus from behind and exploded, ANI has reported.
"Prima facie blast in the car seems to be a cylinder explosion, CRPF convoy was at a significant distance from explosion site, does not appear to be an attack," the agency quoted CRPF sources as saying this.
The blast occurred near Jawahar Tunnel. No injuries were caused to CRPF Personnel and incident was being investigated, CRPF said in a statement.
"Today around 1030 hrs, an explosion took place in a civil car near Banihal, J&K while CRPF convoy was on move. The car caught fire & slight damage was caused in the rear of one of the CRPF vehicle," CRPF said.
The driver of the car is missing. Urea, oil bottles, and two LPG cylinders were recovered from the car, the CRPF Personnel present at the spot said.
"The explosion appears to have been caused by a gas cylinder inside the car but this is based on preliminary examination of the car's wreckage," a police officer said.
"There was no loss of life...The driver of the car, who was the lone occupant,

########
Rank: 23
Score: 33.0299
Retrieved Text: At least one person was killed and 19 were injured in an accident involving a school bus and a BMW in Los Angeles on Monday. According to Los Angeles police, a black BMW ran a red light, and broadsided the school bus at an intersection in the Boyle Heights area. The impact of the accident caused the bus to flip over onto its side. A pedestrian, who was crossing the street, was struck and fatally injured.
The school bus had about 43 students of the Roosevelt High School on board. 18 students on the bus were injured, and had to be taken to the hospital with non-life-threatening injuries. The driver of the bus was initially reported to be critically injured, but has now been upgraded to “serious” condition. The remaining students on the bus were not injured in the accident.
Two teenagers in the BMW got out of the car, and began to flee the scene on foot. Fortunately, they were detained by witnesses at the scene until officers arrived. According to the Los Angeles Times, there were three youths in all in the BMW. Two of the teenagers have been arrested, and the third teenager who was injured in the accident, is being treated at a local hospital. Authorities are considering the possibility of filing criminal homicide charges against the three teenagers.
Last week, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention released a report which indicated that there had been a substantial decline in teen driver-related accidents and fatalities in these accidents between 2004 and 2008. However, Los

########
Rank: 24
Score: 32.992256
Retrieved Text: New outlets are reporting a horrible New Mexico bus crash occurring on I-25 in Bernalillo, New Mexico. Three woman have been killed and over a dozen injured in the bus crash with the tractor trailer. The Chief of the Fire Department in Sandoval County, New Mexico called this “one of the worst accident’s I’ve seen in my career.” As a New Mexico trucking accident lawyer, it appears this was a pileup and multiple car crash involving several vehicles, including a large bus and tractor trailer, which could have been avoided.
According to the investigation thus far, the bus crash occurred around 2 AM on Sunday, July 15, 2018. A southbound car rear-ended a pickup which was pushed into the highway’s median and broke through the containment cables. The pickup truck came to rest in the northbound lanes of I-25. A large bus was coming southbound and tried to avoid the wreckage and debris on the roadway when it lost control. It crossed the median and also broke through the median cables. It came to rest in the northbound lanes when it was struck but a large tractor trailer in the northbound lane. The tractor trailer was able to swerve to only side-swipe the bus, but the impact was still significant enough to cause serious damage and a heavy impact. Three individuals have been killed, over a dozen injured, and one individual still hospitalized in critical condition.
This is a very serious Bernalillo bus crash and fatal New Mexico trucking accident on I-25. It is also a very complicated

########
Rank: 25
Score: 32.953938
Retrieved Text: Local governments across China are exploring stricter measures to protect drivers and harsher punishment toward ill-behaved passengers, after a woman attacked a bus driver before the bus plunged into the Yangtze River in Chongqing Municipality, killing 15 people.
Surveillance video showing the woman, who had missed her stop, hitting the bus driver with her mobile phone has caused outrage on China's social media. The driver fought back and lost control of his bus which then ploughed through the guardrail and plunged into the river below.
After the tragic incident, many cities are in the process of upgrading buses to protect drivers from passenger interference.
Nanjing, capital of East China's Jiangsu Province, promises to install doors that separate the driver from the passengers on some 8,000 buses by 2019, People's Daily reported.
Wuhan of Central China's Hubei Province will replace 6,100 older buses with new models equipped with protective doors by 2025, local newspaper Wuhan Evening News reported.
A local court in Shenyang, Northeast China's Liaoning Province sentenced three individuals to up to three years in prison with reprieve. All three had physically clashed with bus drivers, causing traffic accidents or injuries to passengers, the Xinhua News Agency reported on Sunday.
Many furious netizens suggested that traffic laws should allow other passengers to restrain ill-behaving passenger and keep them away from the driver. A young man who did so in Central China's Hunan Province was applauded online following the Chongqing incident.
Some net users said guards should be employed to protect bus drivers. Beijing, as a pioneer, has security staff on all its buses

########
Rank: 26
Score: 32.819847
Retrieved Text: Last week, a married couple was killed in an accident that involved a Port Authority bus and an SUV. The accident occurred near the border of the Oakland and Hill District neighborhoods.
The couple had just gotten off the bus and were crossing the street when an SUV came around the bus and struck the male victim who was in a motorized wheelchair. He and his wife, who ran to his aid, both ended up in the bus’s path. As the bus began pulling away, it struck the woman and ran the man over. Both the husband and wife died from their injuries.
The medical examiner has ruled both their deaths as accidental. The driver of the SUV stayed on the scene. An investigation of the crash is ongoing.
A vigil was held to remember the Wilkinsburg couple.
Sadly, this type of accident seems to be happening more and more often around the Pittsburgh area. Last month, a bicyclist was killed by a vehicle in Oakland, and last week a pedestrian was killed in Monroeville Giant Eagle’s Parking lot. To read more about those incidents, visit our blog here.
In an accident such as this, because there was more than one vehicle involved, multiple claims may be pursued. These types of cases can become complex. That is why it is important to consult a personal injury attorney to make sure you are making a full recovery for your loss. No amount of money can ever compensate the victims’ family; however, it is important to file a claim to help pay for

########
Rank: 27
Score: 32.73499
Retrieved Text: School bus transportation and its safety are what matters most to parents as well as school authorities. Student safety is not the responsibility of school bus driver alone. Everyone, including students, has a unique role to play in assuring safety.
With the introduction of school bus driver console app , driving has become easier for drivers. Using the app, they are able to have better control over each school bus ride. Also, it helps to keep the bus under surveillance from inside, helps mark attendance, assists in planning route, makes coordination with transport manager easy, etc.
Drivers are able to perform multiple tasks with minimum disturbance. School Bus Driver Route app is a great solution for managing school buses in an effective and efficient manner.
School bus driver console app allows drivers to plan each trip carefully and easily. Your bus driver can set routes, set the number of stops in a single trip, etc., allowing the driver to decide beforehand and act wisely according to your plan.
The Driver Console app shows the profiles of students to be picked from each stop in an organized way. Drivers are able to select the shortest route from their console and thus plan the trip properly.
Bus speed can be monitored in real-time using the app. That is, parents as well as school authorities can check out whether the school bus is over speeding or if they are making unnecessary stops. Hence it is possible to keep an eye on drivers and send alerts to them if necessary.
One of the biggest benefits offered

########
Rank: 28
Score: 32.727383
Retrieved Text: Earlier this month, a school bus crash in Chattanooga, TN claimed the lives of five elementary school children and seriously injured twenty-three others. The driver of the school bus was evidently speeding when he lost control of the bus and crashed. He was arrested and charged with vehicular homicide.
Should the bus driver’s employer have prevented this crash from occurring?
Clearly, the bus driver is at fault for reckless conduct in operating the school bus. The next question becomes, should he have been employed as a school bus driver?
The bus driver involved in this crash was employed by Durham School Services, a school bus transportation company headquartered in Downers Grove, Illinois. Under a theory of vicarious liability or “respondeat superior,” the employer is responsible for negligent or reckless acts committed by its employees who are acting within the scope of their employment. It would appear based on this theory of liability alone that the bus driver shares some liability for this crash.
Further liability would attach to Durham if it knew or should have known that this bus driver was unqualified or unfit to drive the bus, and failed to exercise its authority to discipline or terminate his employment. Such theories of liability may include “negligent hiring,” “negligent retention” or “negligent supervision.” Early reports suggest that the bus driver had been involved in one previous accident without any injuries, and that his licence had previously been suspended for failure to show proof of insurance.
Would Seat Belts Have Minimized the Children’s Injuries?
This bus — like most school buses — was

########
Rank: 29
Score: 32.71315
Retrieved Text: Posted byDon Khuth	 January 31, 2007 January 31, 2007 1 Comment on Who’s calling the shots?
I would like to believe that I control my own fate. My destiny is up to me to make. I chose the path which I travel. I am the one who’s responsible for my future. The decisions I choose to make now changes the events of tomorrow. I would like to believe that I’m in control but do I have any more control of my fate than I do the weather? Does free will exist or is it something that we are made to believe. I am not so sure anymore.
I’m sure most of us have heard of this phrase. If you believe in that phrase, then you believe in fate. You believe that things are happening around you without your intervention. But if you believe in fate, then you do not believe in free will. Believing in free will means that you believe your actions are control by you and not an external force.
God would be an example of that external force. God supposedly has a grand design and you are a part of it. If that is so, then your future has been predetermined and everything that you do is the will of God. Free will does not exist for you. If someone gets into a car accident and dies, it’s because God needed that person in Heaven. To me, that doesn’t make sense.
God is supposed to be almighty and powerful. If he is, he would not need your

================



======= Instance Index 3841 =========
Input Text: Read the following conversation and answer the question.

W: When did you become interested in collecting stamps?

M: Oh, when I was about ten years old. It's an exciting hobby. You know, the first postage stamps were issued in Britain in 1840.

W: Really? I didn't know that. I did know that the charge for mail delivery before the appearance of postage stamps was paid by either the sender or the receiner. How much was the usual charge?

M: Oh, about ten cents for a short distance. But post of rices were losing money with that system. Rowland Hill an Englishman, suggested using postage stamps. Here's a picture of the first two stamps issued.

W: They both bear a picture of Queen Victoria.

Question: When were the first postage stamps issued? 

- In 1840.

- In 1820.

- In 1804.

Target Text: In 1840.

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 38.264786
Retrieved Text: Some of our relatives are more famous than others and they end up being immortalized on Postage Stamps or Coins! Here's our collection!
$10000 bill printed in 1934 featuring Salmon Portland Chase.
1862 United States $1 bill featuring Salmon Portland Chase.
As Secretary of the Treasury Chase established the national banking system and issued the first paper currency.
1926 Sesquicentennial of American Independence Half Dollar.
1926 Sesquicentennial of American Independence Half Dollar, features George Washington and the then current President Calvin Coolidge.
Abigail Adams U.S. 10$ gold coin issued 2007.
American Scientist Stamps. Issued 6 March 2008.
Fifty cent United States stamp issued in 1922.
Barbara Streisand St Vincent postage stamps.
Bing Crosby U.S. Postage stamp issued 1994.
8 cent Boston Tea Party Bicentennial commemorative postage stamps were first sold at Boston, Massachusetts, on July 4, 1973.
Calvin Coolidge United States One Dollar issued 2014.
Calvin Coolidge stamp issued November 17, 1938 in Washington, DC.
A man of Sir Winston Churchill's stature has been featured on stamps of almost every country in the world. Particularly interesting are the stamps issued November 30th, 1974 by the Maldive Islands to commemorate the 100th anniversary of his birth.
Clara Barton stamp issued in 1943.
George W Bush, Commander in Chief Commander in Chief. coin.
Dorothea Lynde Dix. U.S. 1¢ postage stamp issued September 23, 1983.
Eleanor Roosevelt 10$ Coin. Issued 2014.
Eleanor Roosevelt 5 Cent Stamp.
Eleanor Roosevelt 5 Cent Stamp. Issued 1963.
Ernest Hemingway U.S. postage stamp issued July 17, 1989.
Francis Parkman U.S. 3 cent stamp issued September 16, 1967.
Emily Dickinson stamp, issued 1971.
Franklin D Roosevelt 1$ Coin.
Franklin D Roosevelt 1$ Coin. Issued 2014.
Franklin D Roosevelt 5 Cent Stamp.
Franklin

########
Rank: 1
Score: 37.445835
Retrieved Text: On 1 September 1867, stamps of India overprinted with a crown and various rates of postage were released becoming the first postage stamps of the Straits Settlements. This stamp issue is released to commemorate the 150th Anniversary of the First Postage Stamp Issued in Singapore.
First day covers, presentation packs and a special collection comprising of a set of Singapore and Malaysia Stamps were also available.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 37.17964
Retrieved Text: When the first postage stamps were issued in the 1840s, they followed an almost identical standard in shape, size and general subject matter. They were rectangular in shape. They bore the images of Queens, Presidents and other political figures. They also depicted the denomination of the postage-paid, and with the exception of the United Kingdom, depicted the name of the country from which issued. Nearly all early postage stamps depict images of national leaders only. Soon after the introduction of the postage stamp, other subjects and designs began to appear. Some designs were welcome, others widely criticized. For example, in 1869, the U.S. Post Office broke tradition of depicting presidents or other famous historical figures, instead using other subjects including a train, and horse. (See: 1869 Pictorial Issue.) The change was greeted with general disapproval, and sometimes harsh criticism from the American public.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 37.05214
Retrieved Text: You can buy envelopes and postage stamps not only at a post office close to you, but also at various retail stores. With the list on this page, you will be able to find many pharmacies and retail stores that sell stamps conveniently close to your home. The list includes well known stores such as Rite aid, CVS and Walmart. Various Check Cashing Place outlets and banks – although these normally only sell stamps in books. Even the biggest Internet-based retailer in the world, Amazon sells postage stamps and you can also find them on USPS’s website.
When we investigate postal history, we find that a number of inventions have been used to show that postage was paid for an item that is sent via mail. The result of this is that several people were credited with the postage stamp’s creation.
A Slovene civil servant named Lovrenc Košir suggested charging postal tax by attaching stamps artificially in 1835. Košir lived in Ljubljana in Slovenia (the then Austria Hungary) and his suggestion involved what he called “pressed paper wafers.” Although the idea was investigated in detail, it was never implemented.
William Dockwra, a merchant from London, England founded the London Penny Post in 1680 together with Robert Murray, his partner. The Penny Post was a mail delivery system that distributed small packages and letters within London’s city limits. The company charged one penny per item for the service. Customers prepaid the item’s postage and this was confirmed by franking the mailed item with a stamp applied by hand. Although the

########
Rank: 4
Score: 36.08035
Retrieved Text: British North America stamps first appeared in the middle of the 19th Century. The first issues of each of the British colonies in North America are all shown further below.
Though some of the British colonies in North America had existed since the 17th Century, these vast areas North of the United States border were still going through geopolitical evolution well past the middle of the 19th Century.
The Lower Canada section of the Province of Canada had originally been the French colony of Quebec. At the end of the Seven Years War (1754-1763), known as the French and Indian War in North America, the Treaty of Paris awarded the former French colony to Great Britain.
The largest portion of this geographic area, outside the boundaries of the existing British crown colonies there, was actually controlled and managed by a private commercial venture, The Hudson Bay Company.
In 1867, the colonial governments of Nova Scotia, New Brunswick, and the Province of Canada met in Ottawa, and they joined together to form the Canadian Confederation. The Province of Canada was broken up into two separate provinces. Upper Canada was renamed to Ontario and Lower Canada was renamed to Quebec. Along with Nova Scotia and New Brunswick, these four newly confederated provinces formed the creation of what we know today as the Dominion of Canada.
British Columbia and Prince Edward Island joined the Canadian Confederation four years later. Newfoundland remained a separate British crown colony until 1949, when it finally joined the Canadian Confederation.
Examples of British North America stamps are shown above. Postage

########
Rank: 5
Score: 35.999092
Retrieved Text: The famous 'Ceres' issue on the first January 1849 marked the necessity for postal reforms similar to these in the United Kingdom around May 1840. In specific, nationwide postal rates between Metropolitan France, Corsica and French Algeria had to be simplified. In addition, this was done to encourage the payment by the sender through the use of postage stamps.
20 centimes, one of the first two issued stamps of the series.
The two first postal stamps issued in France were of the Ceres series, with the her effigy (goddess of growing plants in Roman mythology). She wore a crown of branch and a bunch of grapes in her hair. The design was drawn by Jacques-Jean Barre, general engraver at the Paris Mint.
In January 1849, the two first denominations were a 20 centimes black stamp and a 1 franc red. As the postal reform was extended to other rates (local, rural and newspapers), new denominations were issued.
These stamps aroused philatelic interests around the world. Interestingly, the black cancellations over the 20 centimes black stamp were occasionally masked and the stamp was easily reused.
The issue of the 40 centimes blue in January was aborted and switched to orange. While the 20 centimes blue was first printed in Spring 1849, it never replaced its back counterpart because of a change of rates in July 1850.
In December 1849, part of the most clearer red of the 1 franc stamps were recalled by the postal administration because their colour was too close to the 40 centimes orange to be issued in February 1850.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 35.293983
Retrieved Text: Philatelists have defined the period from 1858 to 1892 as the classical period. The dates define the first Argentinean postage stamp that appeared and the first commemorative one.
By the mid 1850s, the postal services were not unified as postage stamps were issued by the separate provinces, such as Cordoba, Buenos Aires and Corrientes.
Interstingly, the Corrientes stamp of 1856 was designed and engraved by Matias Pipet, a baker’s delivery boy, who served as an apprentice to a French engraver before arriving at the province. With no one having such experience, Matias was asked to prepare a stamp and he copied the design of the famous French Ceres stamps.
The first stamp of Argentina appeared in 1858 and depicted the seal of the Confederation. Four years later, the designs on the postage stamps adopted the seal of the Argentine Republic.
Until the first commemorative stamp of 1892, the postage stamps used portraits of men (such as Bernardino Rivadavia) and other elements linked to the period of Independence.
These might have been influenced by the period of stability following the fall of the dictator Juan Manuel de Rosas in 1852.
Interestingly, by the late 19th century, the remote mining camps of Tierra del Fuego prepared their own postage stamps designed by the Rumanian mining engineer Julius Popper.
These covered the costs of mail to the closest postal agencies of Argentina and Chile in Sandy Point (Punta Arenas). However, the postal authorities did not recognise these stamps and requested official postage issues to be added for proper postal processing.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 35.260986
Retrieved Text: This is article only for people who want to know: Where Can I Buy Stamps Near Me,Where Can You Buy Stamps,where can i buy postage stamps near me, where can you buy stamps and so many other keyword for Buy Stamps Near Me.
Writing a postcard to a friend or any relative is quite annoying in today’s advance world, where each & every person connect with each other within a few seconds. But in US, still people use posting system to send a letter or item. Postage Stamps can be acquired from many vendors in the US.
However, there are many places Where Can you Buy Stamps Near Me. Only you just need to know which places sell the postage stamps in US.
In which the first place is all Local Post Offices sell the postage stamps. And you don’t know about United States Postal Service, by which you can purchase postage stamps online. Well, there will be more places which provides postage stamps more conveniently than Post Office.
Here we’ll provide you a complete list of suitable vendors who sell postage stamps near about your location.
In US, many places provides you stamps in a wide variety according to your need. The best place to buy postage stamps is Stamps.com that saves your time as well as eliminates your trip to post office. Even Amazon & eBay also sell stamps but both charge more than featured value of a standard stamp.
For online purchasing stamps, we only recommend Stamps.com or USPS.com will deliver your stamps into your home where as Stamps.com

########
Rank: 8
Score: 35.24321
Retrieved Text: Sara Karloff, daughter of actor Boris Karloff, poses with a blow-up of the postage stamp honoring makeup which features her father being made up as Frankenstein's monster. The stamp is one in a series of ten celebrating "American Filmmaking: Behind the Scenes" which was issued by the U. S. Postal Service at a ceremony Tuesday morning at the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences. The stamps, issued in tribute to the Academy's 75th Anniversary, were used to frank the 5,816 final Oscar® ballots mailed to Academy members during the ceremony. Officiating at the event were Academy President Frank Pierson and Jack Potter, Postmaster General of the United States.
Press photographers zero in on gold trays filled with final 75th Anniversary Oscar® ballots which were mailed at a First Day of Issue Ceremony Tuesday morning dedicating ten new commemorative postage stamps honoring "American Filmmaking: Behind the Scenes" which were issued by the Postal Service at the ballot mailing. Each ballot envelope was franked with one of the new stamps. Officiating at the event were Academy President Frank Pierson and Jack Potter, Postmaster General of the United States.
Academy President Frank Pierson, left, and U.S. Postmaster General Jack Potter unveil a blow-up of a sheet of commemorative postage stamps Tuesday morning at a First Day of Issue Ceremony held at the Academy's Beverly Hills headquarters. Looking on were, left, actors Karl Malden and Ernest Borgnine, both of whom have served on the Postal Service's Citizens Stamp Advisory Committee, and, at right, event master of ceremonies Leonard Maltin, and Greg

########
Rank: 9
Score: 35.11432
Retrieved Text: When is a stamp not a stamp? When it’s a TangleSTamp!
It sounds like the beginning of a bad joke, but it’s actually a good question! My current collage work with stamps evolved from years of mail art, largely focused on the production of faux postage (artistamps) so when ‘real’ stamps took over my world, I was far from a philatelic purist. Most stamp collectors will tell you “if it’s not in the catalogue [Scott or Stanley Gibbons], it doesn’t belong in a stamp album”. Personally, though, I’m quite fascinated when I start investigating the background of a stamp only to find it isn’t in fact a genuine postal stamp at all. Is it a fake or a forgery? Honestly, I would be hard-pushed to tell; but no: more often it instead falls into one of the myriad sub-categories of the so-called ‘Cinderella stamp’. Ie, appearances can be deceptive.
Local Post stamps – The closest cousin to the actual postage stamp. As with any other postal service, a local post stamp pays for carriage of correspondence from one point to another, but usually only within an area which is not otherwise covered by a national/official postal service. Most local posts are privately owned, and most commonly exist for carriage either within a remote area (eg a small island), or from that remote area to the location of a national Post Office, where standard fees would then be charged for onward delivery. One of the most famous examples of a functional local post service is that of Lundy Island.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 35.105877
Retrieved Text: The above Royal Mail Counter: New Design: £1.54 Postal Hist. 11 (Postage Dues) stamps were issued on 03 September 1984 by Royal Mail and feature the following stamp designs: . The Postage Dues first day cover with the Windsor, The Castle, Special Handstamp postmark has been produced by Benham and features these stamps which can make a very collectible and lovely gift.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 35.103474
Retrieved Text: Some of the most beautiful postage stamps ever issued by the United States were never valid for prepayment of letter postage. They were used solely for prepayment of bulk shipments of newspapers and periodicals.
Newspaper stamps were issued in 1865 to prepay the costs of shipping newspapers and periodicals. These attractively designed stamps were later discontinued in 1898.
The stamp design was completed by John Davies the Government Printer who based his design on that of a contemporary 1/2d stamp of Great Britain.
A site of a newspaper stamp specialist interested in buying, selling, and trading United States Newspaper Stamps.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 35.05465
Retrieved Text: When new postage stamps are issued, first day covers are stamps with envelopes issued the first day the stamp is issued. The first day cover (FDC) bears a stamp that is canceled on the first issue date. The cancel mark frequently has a special design for the specific first day cover issue and is processed at the post office where the stamp was issued.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 35.00827
Retrieved Text: ... and was there any point in producing them?
It's been an interesting year for definitives, with two special issues running in a sort of parallel existence.
The London 2012 definitives were issued in January, to be replaced a month later when the Diamond Jubilee Machins were issued. The intention was that these would be used until July when the games started, then the London 2012 stamps would be re-distributed, being replaced again by the Jubilee stamps when the games were over.
That made a lot of sense for the sheet stamps, but was less straightforward for the booklet stamps. The London 2012 stamps were issued only in booklets of 6, whilst the Jubilee stamps were issued only in booklets of 12, so they could run side-by-side. But post office branches tend to get new booklets only when they are ordered and, if they had plentiful stocks of previous stamp booklets, receipt of the new stamps would be delayed until they were needed.
And then there was the surprise issue of a 1st class gold book (M12L) which had been packed up in December 2011! Why was this even produced if the London 2012 and Jubilee booklets were going to be issued in January and February?
As it turned out the greater than normal increase in postage rates in the spring meant that many stamps were purchased before the rise, money in stamps for postage producing a better return than money in the bank, and there were shortages in many post offices. Country definitives were distributed from stores - even to

########
Rank: 14
Score: 34.963467
Retrieved Text: Postage stamps issued with pictures of wildlife/nature become Collector's items. In our routine brush with postage stamps most of us, unless we are ardent stamp collectors, miss these colourful stamps. IndianWildlifeClub.com brings you a feature wherein we examine each day a special stamp issued by the Department of Posts to commemorate an endangered species or to celebrate a beautiful natural heritage.
On 17th October, 2001 a set of four ‘setenant’ stamps based on stories from “Panchatantra”were issued on a denomination of Rs4/- each.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 34.914627
Retrieved Text: STAMPS FOR POSTAGE PURPOSES have changed hardly at all since the first specimen appeared in May of 1840. Great Britain, generally acknowledged as the originator of the adhesive postage stamp idea, was fortunate in that the committee headed by Sir Rowland Hill planned so well that the only important change in 110-odd years was the use of perforations for convenient separation.
Other countries, also aware of the need for such a means of denoting the prepayment of postage, were quick to follow the innovation of the British. In all some ninety countries,colonies or other governmental units had followed Britain's lead by issuing postage stamps in the first twenty years -1840 to 1860.
Officially the United States was seventh on the list, with its regular 5-cent and 10-cent stamps of 1847; but unofficially it was second, for there was a private letter post operated in New York by Alexander M. Grieg and Henry Thomas Windsor. This was known as the City Despatch Post and commenced operations Jan. 1, 1842 with its own stamps.
The practical use of these first stamps and other private and semi-official stamps which followed, was a motivating factor in persuading Congress to authorize the issuance of regular stamps. Grieg and Windsor commenced the operation of a private letter post in New York to convey mail to and from the post office and its patrons, and to convey letters locally between its patrons. The limits of the post extended as far north as 21st Street-then a good distance-and branch offices and letter boxes were established throughout the

########
Rank: 16
Score: 34.861015
Retrieved Text: The unique international exhibition ´Mauritius - Meeting of the Queens´ unites most of the surviving legendary Blue and Red Mauritius postage stamps at the Museum for Communication Berlin.
The Blue Mauritius and its sister, the Red Mauritius, are among the rarest and most precious postage stamps worldwide. These rarities symbolize everything that makes historic stamps attractive and mysterious, not only for experts, but also for amateurs, i.e. their amazing value, rarity and a fascinating story surrounded by myths and legends. Twelve Blue and fifteen Red Mauritius stamps have survived to date, each one with its own history of rediscovery and successive owners.
From 2 to 25 September 2011, the Museum for Communication Berlin will hold an exhibition entitled Mauritius. Meeting of the Queens in Berlin, which will include about three quarters of the twenty-seven historic Mauritius postage stamps still in existence today. The museum owns two of them (one red, one blue) and will present them together with others in this unique show  internationally unique because it brings together the largest number of these crown jewels of philately ever exhibited under one roof. They were issued over 160 years ago by the British Crown Colony of Mauritius and will be on loan from the Royal Collection of Queen Elizabeth II, the British Library, the postal museums in The Hague and Stockholm, the Blue Penny Museum in Port Louis, Mauritius and from a number of private collectors. The accompanying exhibits and the catalogue will explain the historic background to the Mauritius myth phenomenon, and will document the special

########
Rank: 17
Score: 34.734592
Retrieved Text: The “Lacemaking" postage stamps were issued in 1987. This listing is for 12 total vintage postage stamps. As pictured, you will receive 3 of each of the four stamps in the set.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 34.22806
Retrieved Text: Azerbaijan postage stamps. 2019 Year of the Pig. Azerbaijan stamp 2019.
The postage stamps dedicated to 95th birthday anniversary of Azerbaijan’s National Leader Heydar Aliyev.The postage stamps dedicated to 95th birthday anniversary of Azerbaijan’s National Leader Heydar Aliyev was issued by Azermarka company in 2018. Portaits of the Heydar ALiyev and his wife Zarifa Aliyeva was used as a main theme pictures at the series of two blocks of the postage stamps.
For both postage stamps relevant First Days Covers (FDC) also was issued.
Mail - Telegraph - Telephone (Baku-Azerbaijan).
Mail - Telegraph - Telephone (Baku).In 1818 the first post office was opened in Elizavetpol (Ganja), and post offices in Baku and other provinces of Azerbaijan began to work thereafter.
In 1868, the Siemens company commissioned the Tbilisi-Baku telegraph line.
In 1879, the Transcaspian region was added to the telegraph network of Russia. To do this, a submarine cable was laid from Baku to Krasnovodsk on the eastern shore of the Caspian Sea.
Azerbaijan theme on the stamps of the countries of the world. Hosrov and Shirin love legend.
Azerbaijan theme on the stamps of the countries of the world. Hosrov and Shirin love legend.Treasures of the German Library.The stamp depicts the eighteenth-century Azerbaijani manuscript "Khosrov and Shirin" from the State Library of the Federal Republic of Germany in Berlin (the former GDR). "Khosrov and Shirin" is the second poem of the classic of Persian and Azerbaijani poetry by Nizami Ganjavi from his collection "Khamsa", written from 1175/76 to 1191. The poem tells about the love of the Sasanian Shah Khosrov, who ruled Iran

########
Rank: 19
Score: 34.17495
Retrieved Text: During the German Occupation of 1915-1918 letters were sent to Konigsberg for censoring – and letters also had a great variety of types and shapes of postmarks during this period.
Latvia declared Independence on 18th November, 1918 and printed its own stamps – but! – there was a shortage of paper so these stamps were printed on the blank side of 1914-1917 German General Staff War Maps! In 1919 stamps were issued to mark the 1st Anniversary of Independence and these were printed on the back of Bolshevik banknotes!
1920 saw the raising of postal rates and the stamps had to be overprinted. In 1921 the first airmail stamps were issued – on inverted triangle shaped stamps. In 1923 Latvia changed its currency from KOPS and RUBLI to SANTIMI and LATS and stamps had to be issued to suit. In 1926 Railway Newspaper stamps were issued. Various fund raising issues appeared– 1928 – for a memorial to commemorate the country’s independence; 1930 Anti- tuberculosis; 1933, stamps which were issued for the first Riga to Bathurst flight became, after it crashed, fund raising for the Latvian Airmen Fund.
In 1940 the last stamps of the Democratic Republic of Latvia were issued. In 1939, Russia obtained the right to set up military bases in Latvia. These were strategically placed that Latvia was ‘squeezed’ and ‘asked’ to be admitted to the Soviet Union.
In 1941 Germany invaded Latvia and Russian stamps were overprinted with LATVIJA and thereafter German stamps were used throughout the war. Latvia then returned to be part of the Soviet

########
Rank: 20
Score: 33.952785
Retrieved Text: An additional set of Liechtenstein stamps, featuring rare paintings in the Principality of Lichtenstein Art Gallery in Vaduz, was issued on February 5, 1953. They are shown above (Sc. #266-69).
10 Rp. - Portrait of a Young Man by a 16th Century artist.
20 Rp. - St. Nicholas by Zeitblom (1450-1519).
30 Rp. - St. Christopher by Cranach (1472-1553).
The four stamps shown above (Sc. #270-73) were issued on August 4, 1953 to celebrate the International Scout Conference in Vaduz. All of the stamps depict Lord Baden-Powell (1857-1941), the founder of the Boy Scout movement.
The three stamps shown above (Sc. #274-76) were issued on November 26, 1953 to celebrate the Opening of the National Museum in Vaduz.
10 Rp. - Alemannic bronze disk, 6th Century A.D.
20 Rp. - Prehistoric settlement of Borscht near Schellenberg.
1.20 Fr. - Rössen Jug, around 3,000 B.C.
The first in an annual series of stamps featuring sports themes was issued on May 18,1954. Each of the stamps shown above (Sc. #277-80) depict soccer players in various playing positions.
On September 18, 1954, the 1951 semi-postal stamp issues, depicting rare paintings in the Principality of Lichtenstein Art Gallery in Vaduz, were re-issued and re-valued with new regular postage denominations, as shown above (Sc. #281-83).
These three stamps were issued December 16, 1954, near Christmas-time, to celebrate the upcoming Marian Year. Each of the stamps show a 14th Century wood carving of an enthroned Madonna.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 33.801037
Retrieved Text: The EUROPA Postage Stamp ( also Known as CEPT till 1992) is n annual Joint Issue of Stamps with a common design or theme among the member countries of European Communities (1956-59), The European Conference of Postal and Telecommunications Administrations (CEPT) from 1962 to 1990 and Posteurop Association since 1993.
Apart from promoting Philately, this theme builds awareness of the common roots, culture & history of Europe and its common goals. Europa stamp issues are therefore one of the most collected and most popular themes.
The First EUROPA stamps were issued in 1956.
1956 – The First stamps were issued by Postal Administrations of Six founding members of European Coal and Steel Community (ECSC) with a common design -a tower made up of letters of word EUROPA and surrounded by construction scaffolding. The designer was Frenchman Daniel Gonzague. The six countries to issue stamps were Belgium, France, Germany, Italy, Luxembourg and Netherlands.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 33.797123
Retrieved Text: Sarawak's first post office was established shortly after Sir James Brooke was proclaimed and installed as the First Rajah, but he never got to see his face on her stamps.
By the time Sarawak had her first stamp issued 1 March 1869, James had already passed away in England and his nephew Sir Charles Brooke was the current Rajah.
But nearly 150 years ago and already 29 years behind England's first stamp, Sarawak Proper needed her own stamps more than it needed them reissued in the memory of the First Rajah.
This is because the stamps were used for dual purposes. Firstly, to pay for postage, and secondly, to pay for stamp duty for the purposes of legalising agreement, bills of sales and acknowledgement of receipts.
The previous mail delivery arrangement without bearing any stamps meant that the Sarawak Government was losing valuable revenue. It was equally undesirable to use stamps issued by the East India Company based in India between the 1850s to the 1860s, or the Straits Settlements stamps in later part of 1867.
On 12 January 1869, Charles met with senior staff and local merchants. The outcome was Sarawak’s first stamp, issued on 1 March 1869.
The first stamp was printed by Maclure, Macdonald & Macgregor in England using lithographic press. A full sheet would consist of 200 stamps, comprising two panes of 100 separated by a gutter. Today, only one full sheet of 200 stamps survived.
Most of the stamps exist in single pieces, but there are still blocks of tens or more available (Figure 1). These stamps were

########
Rank: 23
Score: 33.420383
Retrieved Text: Various products and tools commonly used by the stamp collector, including hinges, mounts, stamp tongs, perforation gauges, stock books and magnifiers. Stamp albums, catalogs and philatelic literature can also be regarded as accessories.
1) The gum on the back of a stamp or label. Some stamps have been issued with no adhesive. Stamp adhesive may be water-activated or pressure-sensitive (self-adhesive). 2) A word generally referring to a stamp that may be affixed to an article to prepay postal fees, in contrast to a design printed directly on an article, as with postal stationery. An adhesive can also refer to a registration label or other label added to a cover.
A nickname for three British Commonwealth definitive series, those of Canada, 1912-25 (Scott 104-34); New Zealand, 1926 (182-84); and Rhodesia, 1913-19 (119-38). These stamps depict King George V of Great Britain in naval uniform.
A postage-paid airletter sheet with gummed flaps that is written on and then folded to form an envelope. Aerograms are normally carried at less than the airmail letter rate. No enclosures are permitted.
A specialized area of collecting concentrating on stamps or covers transported by air.
1) An extraterritorial post office maintained at various times by a government within the territory of another government. Examples are the post offices maintained by many European powers in the Turkish Empire until 1923. 2) An organization authorized to publicize or sell new issues of stamps on behalf of a stamp-issuing entity.
"Air labels, or etiquettes, are used by Universal Postal Union member nations to denote airmail carriage. They are inscribed ""Par Avion''

########
Rank: 24
Score: 33.41746
Retrieved Text: I recently purchased a 1940 Scott Catalogue in order to make general comparisons between the the market values of various stamps then and now, and to gauge their relative long-term performance.
Period of Philately, the first century of postage stamps, during which all of the world's issues could be listed and described in a single convenient volume, rather than the unwieldy six volume set that collectors must use today. Issuance policies of that period were far more conservative than now, designs were usually dignified and attractive, and the subjects tended to be significant and relevant to the issuing country's history or culture. The idea of issuing a "Love" stamp or a stamp honoring a cartoon character would have been considered laughable during this period, and even the poorer nations would not have considered pandering to collectors in the wealthier ones by issuing stamps picturing contemporary pop music stars. To some extent, the decision by Scott Publishing to issue a Classic Specialized Catalogue reflects this lingering sense of nostalgia.
The year 1940 represents a good starting point for taking an overview of the growth of the modern stamp market. Franklin Delano Roosevelt, the most famous stamp-collecting U.S. President, was in office, and the U.S. was mobilizing for war and just beginning its economic recovery from the Great Depression.
In the interest of conciseness and consistency, I've decided to consider only the first issues of stamps from major nations in both the affluent and developing world, and to include only the catalogue values of used stamps, because these countries' first stamps

########
Rank: 25
Score: 33.366684
Retrieved Text: A series of five postage stamps of delicate beauty appeared in Bulgaria's post offices on 1st May, 1879 and they marked the beginning of postage stamp issuing in Bulgaria. This delay of about three or four decades, as compared to the other countries in Europe and America, may be explained by the fact that till 1878 Bulgaria was under the rule of the Ottoman Empire.
The stamps forming this first series were of identical dimensions and design - a heraldic lion placed in a regular oval. They are known as the "centimes". Their name comes from their nominal value (5, 10, 25, 50 centimes and 1 franc), as the stamps were printed in compliance with the Latin Monetary Union system, since by June 1880 the young Bulgarian state did not have its national currency unit.
The series was printed in St. Petersburg, Russia; the author of its artistic design has remained unknown. The year of 1879 was also the year in which the first Bulgarian post card appeared.
After the introduction of the "lev" national currency (1 lev equals 100 stotinki) two series, fully identical in appearance with the "centimes", went into circulation: "Parvi (First) stotinkovi" (1881) and the "Big Lion" series (1882), the latter had several emissions. Curiosities are found in both of them making the series popular among stamp collector, as well as among... forgers. In 1884 an excess value postage stamp, known as the "serpentine", appeared - its perforation was made with a paper-puncher and has no like in the world stamp-printing practice.
The first commemorative series

########
Rank: 26
Score: 33.311954
Retrieved Text: French Guiana, or Guyane Francaise, is one of several colonial Guianas of South America. British Guiana is now known as Guyana, Dutch Guiana is now Suriname and the Spanish and Portuguese Guianas are now part of Venezuela and Brazil respectively.
A percevoir stamps are postage due, but also any French colonial territory that didn't have their own stamps were issued with these special a percevoir stamps. I'm not exactly sure what chiffre taxe means.
Here we have a 20 centime green border and rose Royal Palms engraved by Abel Mignon. His first stamp was issued in 1925 when he was already 63 years old. He engraved stamps for France and several of her colonies from 1925 to 1933. He died in 1936. This stamp is from 1929.
I especially like the varying heights of the palm trees.
well, that and the colours chosen.
At first sight the stamp made me think of Suriname, and it is good to learn that it is from the neighbouring country. And how nice to see the green and red coloured design, while nowadays (almost only?) full colour stamps are issued.
Engraved stamps are long gone, I fear. More's the pity!
Very nice bi-colored stamp, a classic of days gone by.
It is a shame that M Mignon didn't have the opportunity to engrave more stamps.
Catching up through the last several sets of stamps. That one had=s a very retro feel. I'm still stuck on the dino eyes, though!
I'm with you on those eyes!
A great design on such an old stamp.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 33.25425
Retrieved Text: Prior to the North German Confederation, German States stamps, were issued by most of the separate Germanic kingdoms, duchies, free-cities, etc. of Northern Europe.
Prussia, or Preußen, in German, was a German Kingdom from 1701 to 1918 and a Constitutional Monarchy from 1848 to 1918. Though there were independent kingdoms and duchies within its borders, Prussia comprised almost all of the North German Confederation and about 2/3 of the total area of the German Empire in 1871. Being the largest and most dominant of the German kingdoms, the King of Prussia became the German Emperor, when the German Empire was formed in 1871.
The five German states stamps for the Kingdom of Prussia shown above were issued between 1850 and 1856. These first Prussian stamps were engraved on paper with a laurel wreath watermark, and they were imperforate. The background behind the portrait consists of crossed lines.
These postage stamps featured a right-facing portrait of King Friedrich Wilhelm IV of Prussia (Lived: 1795-1861, Reigned: 1840-1861).
01 Sgr. (1850 - Mi. #2, Sc. #3) - Black on Rose, Black on Bright Red.
02 Sgr. (1850 - Mi. #3, Sc. #4) - Black on Blue.
03 Sgr. (1850 - Mi. #4, Sc. #5) - Black on Yellow, Black on Yellow Buff.
04 Pf. (1856 - Mi. #5, Sc. #1) - Yellow Green, Dark Green.
06 Pf. (1851 - Mi. #1, Sc. #2) - Red Orange.
The three German states stamps for the Kingdom of Prussia shown above were issued during April 1857. These new Prussian stamps were typographed on unwatermarked paper, and they were imperforate. The background

########
Rank: 28
Score: 33.2043
Retrieved Text: These stamps were for the payment of duties, fees and fines in Law Courts or to Registrars of Deeds or District Land Registrars.
Both sets of stamps were authorised by an Act passed in December 1875. Before that, the fiscal stamps first issued in 1867 dealt with everything. The law changed again in 1881 and the use of these special stamps ceased.
The stamps were designed by W.R.Bock and A.E.Cousins and surface printed by the Government Printer in Wellington on paper watermarked NZ and star. Both issues were perforated 12½, nearly 12, and 12 x 11½.
The stamps came into use in January 1876. Initially, they were only used by the Supreme Court and the Court of Appeal while from 1878 they were also used by Magistrates courts.
The plate had 240 impressions in 4 panes of 60.
The issued values were: 1/-, 2/-, 3/-, 5/-, 6/-, 10/-, � � �and �. There was only one plate with the values being added after the background had been printed.
The stamps came into use in July 1877. The following values were produced: 1/-, 2/-, 3/-, 4/-, 5/-, 6/-, 8/-, 10/-, 15/-, 20/-, � � �.
The 1/- value was initially issued in a slightly larger size than the others and perf 12½.
The above information is taken from The Postage Stamps of New Zealand Vol 6, published by the Royal Philatelic Society of New Zealand in 1977. All scans were made by the author.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 33.164875
Retrieved Text: In brief, first day covers are specially designed envelopes with attractive Royal Mail stamps and pictorial postmarks. These very desirable collectors' items are ideal for that unusual gift and look great framed. If you are looking for a gift, try our themes section - where you will find over a hundred different themes to choose from ranging from Aircraft to Wildlife. Many of the first day covers on this site have also been signed by famous people: stars, politicians, celebrities etc.
For those who want a more in depth description of what first day covers are all about, the following notes should answer all of your queries.
The above first day cover was produced to coincide with Royal Mail's special stamp issue featuring Pub Signs in 2003. The stamps have been franked with a special handstamp (postmark) at Queen's Head near Oswestry - one of the few locations which shares its name with a pub!
First Day Covers are often confused with Souvenir (or Commemorative) Covers. However, although they may look similar, they differ in one important aspect, namely: Souvenir Covers are usually issued to coincide with the date of a specific event or anniversary, whereas First Day Covers are issued on the same date as the new stamps. Both types of cover appear on this website and are easily distinguishable.
The covers (or envelopes) are available in a variety of makes, which broadly speaking can be split into two categories: Standard (or commercial) covers and Official (or sponsored) covers.
These are produced primarily for general sale to collectors who buy

================



======= Instance Index 2556 =========
Input Text: Read the following conversation and answer the question.

W: Anything interesting in the paper today, dear?

M: Well, yeah. There are a few here that might interest us. Here's one for just four hundred dollars. It only has one bedroom, but it sounds nice, near Lake Street.

W: Yeah. Let me see what the cheapest two-bedroom apartment is. Oh, here's one on Market Street. It's a real bargain. Only three hundred and fifty dollars. But it doesn't have any furniture.

M: Well, it costs a lot to buy all the furniture.

W: Oh, here's another one for just over four hundred dollars. This sounds very interesting! It's on South Street. That's a nice area.

M: Yes, it's quiet. Did you say two bedrooms?

W: Yes, at four hundred and fifteen dollars.

M: Why don't we go and have a look?

W: Okay, I'll give them a call.

Question: How much rent should one pay for the one-bedroom apartment? 

- $350.

- $400.

- $415.

Target Text: $400.

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 38.047764
Retrieved Text: Is the rent too damn high after all?
The National Low Income Housing Coalition’s annual report on housing affordability certainly makes it seem so.
For instance, look at the NLIHC’s data for any recent year and you’ll “learn” that there are no states where you can afford to pay gross rent (rent + utilities) on minimum wage without working over sixty hours a week.
Note that only two bedroom apartments are being measured – so we’re measuring what one earner would have to generate to pay for an apartment meant to house two people. The amount of hours needed to work to pay for the month’s rent should be cut about in half.
Yet after diving deeper into the data the chart is even more misleading than it seems.
Let’s isolate a state that I have some direct knowledge of and look at the data.
New Jersey’s minimum wage is $8.25, but was $7.25 when this chart was released. If we really needed to work 138 hours at minimum wage to make rent, it would imply a weekly cost of $1,000.50 for rent, or $4,002 a month.
To put in perspective how absurd that is, a two-bedroom apartment in London will set you back roughly £1,605 pounds a month, or $2,577 a month in American dollars.
Rents are so expensive in London that it’s actually cheaper to live in Barcelona and commute to work in the UK by plane on a daily basis than live in a London apartment.
I’m extremely skeptical that New Jersey is in the same situation. This is so, in part,

########
Rank: 1
Score: 36.67114
Retrieved Text: If you're planning to rent an apartment alone, you may be trying to decide whether you want to live in a studio or a one-bedroom apartment. Both types of apartments are very popular for single renters and each one has its own advantages.
People who rent a studio apartment enjoy paying less rent each month, which translates to significant savings year after year. The simple floor plan of a studio makes it comparatively easy to decorate, and it doesn't require as much furniture to achieve the feeling of being "settled in." Studios are ideal for renters who don't have many belongings that they need to display or keep handy in their apartment.
Why Rent a One-Bedroom Apartment?
One-bedroom apartments attract renters who desire more space and multiple rooms in their apartment. Having a separate bedroom is good for renters who like to do much entertaining or who have guests spend the night (they can sleep with greater privacy ​on the sofa in the other room). Also, if you telecommute, you may prefer to spend the workday in a different room than the one in which you sleep each night, for a change of scenery.
Deciding between renting a one-bedroom apartment or a studio apartment boils down to thinking of a one-bedroom apartment as an upgrade (since it costs more) and deciding whether the upgrade is worth it to you. One-bedroom apartments offer certain benefits in return for the higher rent, but these benefits aren't valuable to every renter.
Some renters who can afford a one-bedroom apartment decide they would prefer, or

########
Rank: 2
Score: 36.490932
Retrieved Text: What is the cheapest I can rent a basic 1 bedroom apartment for in Malaysia?
I’m talking basic living space I want to travel to malaysia to learn silat. But I’d like to know the cheapest way to make my money last so the cheapest hostel or room or apartment.
Are there really 950yen/month 3 bedroom apartments for rent in Tokyo?
Is this really so? Has anyone ever rented one of these places or know where I can find about them?
950yen/month is really cheap. I’d be more that willing to pay 10 times that much for a 3 bedroom apartment in Tokyo and it doesn’t have to be in Asakusa.
Really? It seem too good to be true. But, then why would that person say something like that? She says she’s fluent in Japanese and has a Japanese husband. Why would she make up something like 950yen/month?
Looking for a 1 bedroom Apt in the Ottawa area to rent?
Im currently going to be attending carleton university but i can only seem to find either a one bedroom in a 3-4 bedroom house or sharing an apartment. i want a ONE bedroom apartment just for myself. does anyone know of any cheap ones in the ottawa area? preferrably under $600 i’m a female and am looking for this asap as i start university in september.
A one bedroom under 600 doesn’t exist in Ottawa, you would have to go across the river in Hull and commute. If you check craigslist or kijijji you’ll see all the cheap apartments are over there, problem is

########
Rank: 3
Score: 35.93931
Retrieved Text: Moving out of a college dorm, your parents’ house or a roommate situation into your first apartment is a big step toward independence. But before you sign a lease for your dream apartment, be sure you can really handle the rent as well as other necessities needed to turn a vacant apartment into your own pad.
A good credit rating is usually a must for most apartments, especially that first one, according to MSN Money. Check your credit reports through the federally approved website AnnualCreditReport.com before having prospective landlords run your credit. If you don’t have any positive credit or paid bills late, you’ll have a much harder time finding that first apartment; no landlords can vouch for your ability to pay rent on time because you’ve never had one. Some landlords will let people with bad credit or no credit rent a first apartment, but often you’ll have to pay a higher deposit up front.
A source of steady income, preferably a full-time job, is a must when qualifying for that first apartment, according to MSN Money. You also should decide just how much of your paycheck can really go toward rent and any utilities not included in the terms of your lease. Don’t forget about other aspects of having your own apartment such as Internet access, telephone and perhaps cable television. MSN Money recommends not spending more than about 25 to 33 percent of your monthly take-home pay on the cost of rent and utilities for your first apartment.
You need to have plenty of cleaning supplies

########
Rank: 4
Score: 35.549824
Retrieved Text: Living with a roommate means sharing responsibilities and splitting costs. Chief among those responsibilities are rent and housing-related finances. For example, how do you handle the security deposit? Should your roommate pay more if she gets the larger room? Determining how to handle these costs should be the first order of business for you and your roommate. Once you figure out the specifics of shared expenses, there are plenty of roommate apps to help you stay financially accountable to one another and make sure all your bills are paid on time.
When I first moved to NYC, I sublet a tiny room that barely had space for a single bed. My roommate had a significantly larger bedroom with an ensuite bathroom. A month in, I realized we were paying the same amount in rent and I was livid – surely she should be paying more! When there are large variations in living space, it only seems fair that each person’s portion of the rent bill should reflect the pluses and minuses of their room. There are a couple ways you can go about making sure everyone is paying their fair share.
Make roommates’ rent directly proportional to the size of their private living space. Take the square footage of each bedroom and divide it by the total square footage of both, then multiply this by the total cost of rent each month. So, for a $3,000 per month apartment with 1 bedroom that measures 190 square feet, and another bedroom that measures 230 square feet, the roommate with

########
Rank: 5
Score: 35.381565
Retrieved Text: Even a modest two-bedroom home is completely out of reach for someone earning the federal minimum wage anywhere in the United States.
According to the National Low-Income Housing Coalition’s (NLIHC) 2018 “Out of Reach” report, someone working a 40-hour week position earning the federal minimum wage of $7.25/hour would be unable to afford a two-bedroom apartment anywhere in the United States at fair market rent (usually the 40th percentile of gross rent in a given area, set annually by the Department of Housing and Urban Development). Even in Arkansas, a minimum wage worker would need to work 65 hours/week to earn enough to afford fair market rent for a two-bedroom home.
When using the national average for fair market rent, someone earning $7.25/hour would have to work an astonishing 122 hours per week for all 52 weeks of the year (approximately three full-time jobs simultaneously) in order to afford a two-bedroom apartment, and 99 hours a week to afford a one-bedroom home. To put that in perspective, there are only 168 hours in a seven-day week, meaning that these workers would have to spend more time working than sleeping simply to pay for shelter.
The NLIHC’s methodology comes from comparing fair market rent to the number of hours one would need to work in order to afford rent at an apartment without being cost-burdened, or having to spend more than 30 percent of their monthly take-home pay on rent (referred to as Housing Wage in the NLIHC report). The minimum wage necessary to afford a two-bedroom home in the

########
Rank: 6
Score: 35.108368
Retrieved Text: outstanding house for rent picture ideas.
frightening 2 bedroom apartments in forks ave s forks rentals forks 2 bedroom photo ideas.
stirring more information image concept.
formidable cottage avenue 2 mount photo design.
stupendous primary photo park apartments pictures inspirations.
literarywondrous photo gallery 1 image ideas.
literarywondrous living area in a serviced apartment in image ideas.
impressive small apartment kitchen captivating simple apartment kitchen ideas and beautiful simple interior design ideas for kitchen small apartment kitchen image concept.
wonderful 1 bedroom studio apartment for rent all utilities included picture concept.
unforgettable gallery image of this property image inspirations.
rare three bedroom apartment image inspirations.
exceptional image of sunset heights picture ideas.
incredible apartment rental picture concept.
literarywondrous average square footage of a 2 bedroom apartment full size of girl bedroom furniture average square photo inspirations.
unforgettable these conveniently located studio one bedroom apartments in were designed especially for years and older or those with pictures inspirations.
unique the southeast dc apartments for rent royal courts within 3 bedroom apartments in dc plan picture concept.
surprising apartments has been renting apartments in saint john since we have apartments in uptown saint john and west should you decided to rent and image ideas.
sensational one bedroom apartment in ca image of gold apartments in ca 3 bedroom apartments image concept.
breathtaking peninsula view peninsula view apartments picture ideas.
unbelievable 3 bedroom apartments 3 bedroom apartments efficiency 1 2 3 4 picture concept.
shocking bat furnished apartment 2 bedrooms guestroom image inspirations.
dreaded 2 bedroom apartments in 2 bedroom 1 bath hickory park apartments 2 bedroom apartment photo inspirations.
frightening 2 bedroom apartments college station for the star floor plan 2

########
Rank: 7
Score: 34.966003
Retrieved Text: That was easy enough, wasn’t it? And if you check out the results on Google, you will find that there are actually many apartment for you to choose from. At one apartment finder website we checked, there were at least 150 apartments listed. If that’s not a lot of apartments, we don’t know what is.
However, we do know that it’s one thing to skim through the results and quite another to filter them down to the apartment that you will live in. So, how do you go about choosing an apartment?
It all starts with you determining what your needs are. Obviously, if you are single and only want a place to sleep in, you only need to filter the results to the one-bedroom ones. However, if you are moving with family, the search becomes more textured. Why?
For one thing, you would have to determine if you can afford a two-bedroom or a three-bedroom apartment. You will also need to determine how many square feet of space you can afford. But aside from the size and price of the apartment itself, there are other things you have to consider.
As much as possible you will want to find an apartment that has child-friendly facilities like a playground or a swimming pool. If these are not found at the apartment area itself, then they should be in the surrounding area. Then you also need to consider the distance of the apartment from the school where your children will be attending.
Safety is also another area you should be concerned about.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 34.761932
Retrieved Text: By now, it’s no secret: Toronto is expensive. Yet, no matter how often we hear it from our friends, family, and acquaintances, we’re always shocked when we hear how much rent has gone up.
According to Padmapper, the average rent in Toronto is now over $2000. Yep, that’s right. The average rent for the month of November is $2,220 for a one bedroom apartment in the city. What’s a little sad about this fact is that rent is actually down from last month by about 0.4%. Two bedroom apartments remain the same, averaging at $2,830.
Toronto currently holds the title of the city with the most expensive rent in Canada.
In addition to revealing Toronto’s average rent, Padmapper also revealed high average rents of nine other Canadian cities. Coming in second place for the most expensive rent was, unsurprisingly, Vancouver. The median rent for the West Coast city was slightly cheaper, coming in at $2,110 for a one bedroom apartment. Vancouver actually saw a 0.5% raise in rent from the previous month.
Other cities on the list that saw rent for one bedroom apartment in the higher thousands include Burnaby, Montreal, Barrie, Victoria, Kelowna, Ottawa, Oshawa, Calgary, and Kitchener. You can see the full data on Padmapper’s website.
As rent continues to rise, young people in Toronto continue to struggle to make ends meet.
As we previously reported, a survey done by LowestRates.ca reported that Torontonians need a salary of at least $40,583 (before taxes) to pay basic expenses of rent, transportation, groceries, phone, internet, and entertainment. Residents of the city need

########
Rank: 9
Score: 34.56598
Retrieved Text: Cities around the globe have varying housing costs. While you may score a beautiful and spacious two-bedroom condo in Atlanta for $1,100/month, you won’t find that kind of luxury in New York, where the average cost of living is much higher and the square footage is much lower. Let’s take a dive into the cost of housing around the globe, so that you can put into perspective just how much bang you can get for your buck when it comes to housing expenses.
Full of celebrities, rock stars and aspiring models, this city is one of the most expensive places to live in the United States. The average two-bedroom condo will cost you around $2,500/month, not including utilities. LA is one of the most attractive spots for tourists and those who want to bask in the warmer weather, so real estate is a hot commodity.
If you are looking to head north to Canada and land a two-bedroom apartment in Toronto, you will pay an average of $1,288/month. The cost of living in this area is much lower than in cities like Los Angeles and New York. Toronto has been voted countless times as one of the best places to live in the world, but it is one of the most expensive cities in Canada.
Ready to head to the land down under? Be prepared to pay at least $2,000 per month to rent a two-bedroom apartment. Sydney is the ninth-most expensive place to live in the world, but people are attracted to living in this area for its

########
Rank: 10
Score: 34.556404
Retrieved Text: Thousands of workers who share a room with 10 people in the Abu Dhabi city appeared satisfied with the free city life but disliked the gated camps with limited access to buzzing city bazars.
While the shared accommodation at Saadiyat Workers’ Village and Icad in Mussaffah meets international standards of at least three square metres of living space per person, overcrowded rooms in Abu Dhabi do not.
Many city-centre apartments where workers live have three-tiered bunk beds with up to 10 men in each bedroom, and 15 in the hall. The accommodation is not only cramped, it is illegal.
Municipality regulations mandate no more than six unrelated adults in one villa, no more than three people in one apartment bedroom and no more than two in a studio.
So, as well as paying rent of up to Dh350 a month, tenants often have to bribe building doormen to keep quiet about how many people are living in one apartment.
Saiful Islam, from Bangladesh, who has lived in Abu Dhabi since 1999 and shares a three-bedroom apartment with about 45 other men, said: “I am happy here and pay Dh350 a month for a bed space.
“We have window AC and clean our own rooms, and we can have quality food of our choice – not like in the camps, where the food quality is bad.
“We can cook, but in the camps that’s not allowed. Here, we are free to dine out wherever and whenever we want, but in the camps workers have to eat whatever is served there.
Mr Islam does several jobs

########
Rank: 11
Score: 34.267746
Retrieved Text: Single bedroom apartments bring the best of both worlds: affordability and location. It matters where you live, this is why you’re trying to find a place in Rosedale Hills, Indianapolis, IN . And we totally get it. Life is just so much better when you are living in lively areas. The place just around the corner that serves great all you can eat sushi could become your go-to place for Saturday lunches. Or that amazing cocktail lounge your friends keep telling you about, that has the best happy hour, but you could never go because it was a 45-minute drive away? These small things can add a lot of joy to your everyday life, so it would make perfect sense to move closer to them. If you want to move into a cushy, one bedroom furnished apartment or a simple, one bedroom efficiency, you are just a few clicks away.
If you are renting on a strict budget, how much you pay in monthly rent is very important. You want an affordable 1 bedroom apartment without sacrificing location, but you can’t seem to find the right one among the 21 apartments listed. We will show you how to see things a bit more clearly. Sort apartments by rent, ascending, this way the cheap one bedroom apartments will show up first on the list. If some of them are not in your area of choice, head on over to the left side of the screen and draw a radius or a polygon on the map around your point

########
Rank: 12
Score: 34.255226
Retrieved Text: Should my roommate pay full rent? - Roommates :: sidetaker.
This past semester in school, me and 3 other guys got a 3 bedroom apartment together with a 9 month lease. Another one of my friends had basic training over the summer and found out that he didn't get accepted to the college he wanted to go to. So his mom applied for him to a local college right next to where our apartment is while my friend was at basic training. His mom asked me if there was a chance he could stay with us at our apartment so he didn't have to drive an hour back and forth to school. Being a poor college guy, I thought it would be a good idea because with an extra person, we wouldn't have to pay as much in rent. So my friend ended up staying with us for the school year, however he wasn't on the lease because he didn't get back from basic training until right before school started. Now, the rules on our lease are if one of the roommates decides to break the 9 month lease, they have to pay full rent for the rest of the lease. So my roommate who was in basic training and who is not on the lease decided to move out now because he wants to live with his girlfriend. This kind of made all of us roommates mad because now we have to pay more. We pay our rent for the upcoming month, and my roommate just

########
Rank: 13
Score: 34.23099
Retrieved Text: See all 13 one bedroom apartments currently available for rent in Northwest Missouri, MO. Check prices, compare amenities, view photos and floor plans, and explore area maps. The cheapest 1 bedroom apartment for rent in Northwest Missouri, MO has a monthly rent of $527 while the most expensive 1 bedroom apartment has a monthly rent of $1,500. Once you find the perfect 1 bedroom apartment, you can submit your lease application and receive a timely response to it. Residents of Northwest Missouri, MO apartment buildings listed on RENTCafé can also submit online maintenance requests, renew their lease, and pay rent online (where available).

########
Rank: 14
Score: 34.202473
Retrieved Text: See all 13 one bedroom apartments currently available for rent in Buchanan County, MO. Check prices, compare amenities, view photos and floor plans, and explore area maps. The cheapest 1 bedroom apartment for rent in Buchanan County, MO has a monthly rent of $527 while the most expensive 1 bedroom apartment has a monthly rent of $1,500. Once you find the perfect 1 bedroom apartment, you can submit your lease application and receive a timely response to it. Residents of Buchanan County, MO apartment buildings listed on RENTCafé can also submit online maintenance requests, renew their lease, and pay rent online (where available).

########
Rank: 15
Score: 34.155624
Retrieved Text: See all 40 one bedroom apartments currently available for rent in Johnson County, IN. Check prices, compare amenities, view photos and floor plans, and explore area maps. The cheapest 1 bedroom apartment for rent in Johnson County, IN has a monthly rent of $458 while the most expensive 1 bedroom apartment has a monthly rent of $3,113. Once you find the perfect 1 bedroom apartment, you can submit your lease application and receive a timely response to it. Residents of Johnson County, IN apartment buildings listed on RENTCafé can also submit online maintenance requests, renew their lease, and pay rent online (where available).

########
Rank: 16
Score: 34.144547
Retrieved Text: Check out the average rent in Louisville.
Single bedroom apartments bring the best of both worlds: affordability and location. It matters where you live, this is why you’re trying to find a place in Silver Heights, Louisville, KY . And we totally get it. Life is just so much better when you are living in lively areas. The place just around the corner that serves great all you can eat sushi could become your go-to place for Saturday lunches. Or that amazing cocktail lounge your friends keep telling you about, that has the best happy hour, but you could never go because it was a 45-minute drive away? These small things can add a lot of joy to your everyday life, so it would make perfect sense to move closer to them. We have 1 listings in Silver Heights, Louisville, KY, with prices between $569 and $729. If you want to move into a cushy, one bedroom furnished apartment or a simple, one bedroom efficiency, you are just a few clicks away.
If you are renting on a strict budget, how much you pay in monthly rent is very important. You want an affordable 1 bedroom apartment without sacrificing location, but you can’t seem to find the right one among the 14 apartments listed. We will show you how to see things a bit more clearly. The cheapest apartments in Silver Heights, Louisville, KY are going for $569 per month, so you want to find something as close to this price as possible. Sort apartments by rent, ascending,

########
Rank: 17
Score: 34.132748
Retrieved Text: See all 2,743 one bedroom apartments currently available for rent in Arizona. Check prices, compare amenities, view photos and floor plans, and explore area maps. The cheapest 1 bedroom apartment for rent in Arizona has a monthly rent of $622 while the most expensive 1 bedroom apartment has a monthly rent of $3,719. Once you find the perfect 1 bedroom apartment, you can submit your lease application and receive a timely response to it. Residents of Arizona apartment buildings listed on RENTCafé can also submit online maintenance requests, renew their lease, and pay rent online (where available).

########
Rank: 18
Score: 34.110226
Retrieved Text: See all 7 one bedroom apartments currently available for rent in Benton County, MN. Check prices, compare amenities, view photos and floor plans, and explore area maps. The cheapest 1 bedroom apartment for rent in Benton County, MN has a monthly rent of $525 while the most expensive 1 bedroom apartment has a monthly rent of $975. Once you find the perfect 1 bedroom apartment, you can submit your lease application and receive a timely response to it. Residents of Benton County, MN apartment buildings listed on RENTCafé can also submit online maintenance requests, renew their lease, and pay rent online (where available).

########
Rank: 19
Score: 34.110226
Retrieved Text: See all 4 one bedroom apartments currently available for rent in Medina County, OH. Check prices, compare amenities, view photos and floor plans, and explore area maps. The cheapest 1 bedroom apartment for rent in Medina County, OH has a monthly rent of $500 while the most expensive 1 bedroom apartment has a monthly rent of $1,100. Once you find the perfect 1 bedroom apartment, you can submit your lease application and receive a timely response to it. Residents of Medina County, OH apartment buildings listed on RENTCafé can also submit online maintenance requests, renew their lease, and pay rent online (where available).

########
Rank: 20
Score: 34.095245
Retrieved Text: See all 4 one bedroom apartments currently available for rent in Madison County, IN. Check prices, compare amenities, view photos and floor plans, and explore area maps. The cheapest 1 bedroom apartment for rent in Madison County, IN has a monthly rent of $306 while the most expensive 1 bedroom apartment has a monthly rent of $875. Once you find the perfect 1 bedroom apartment, you can submit your lease application and receive a timely response to it. Residents of Madison County, IN apartment buildings listed on RENTCafé can also submit online maintenance requests, renew their lease, and pay rent online (where available).

########
Rank: 21
Score: 34.095245
Retrieved Text: See all 35 one bedroom apartments currently available for rent in Delaware, DE. Check prices, compare amenities, view photos and floor plans, and explore area maps. The cheapest 1 bedroom apartment for rent in Delaware, DE has a monthly rent of $127 while the most expensive 1 bedroom apartment has a monthly rent of $3,205. Once you find the perfect 1 bedroom apartment, you can submit your lease application and receive a timely response to it. Residents of Delaware, DE apartment buildings listed on RENTCafé can also submit online maintenance requests, renew their lease, and pay rent online (where available).

########
Rank: 22
Score: 33.99979
Retrieved Text: 1.What time is it now?
2.What does the woman think of the weather?
4.What is the woman’s opinion about the course?
5. What does the woman want the man to do ?
A. Speak louder. B. Apologize to her. C. Turn off the radio.
6. How long did Michael stay in China?
A. Five days. B. One week. C.Two weeks.
7. Where did Michael go last year?
A. Russia. B. Norway. C. India.
8.Whet food does Sally like?
9.What are the speakers going to do?
A.Cook dinner. B.Go shopping. C.Order dishes.
11.When is the report due ?
12.What does George suggest Stephanie do with the report?
14.What kind of apartment do the speakers prefer?
15.How much rent should one pay for the one-bedroom apartment?
16.Where is the apartment the speakers would like to see?
A.On Lake Street B.On Market C.On South Street.
17.What percentage of the world’s tea exports go to Britain?
18.Why do tea taster taste tea with milk?
A.Most British people drink tea that way.
B.Tea tastes much better with milk.
C.Tea with milk is healthy.
19.Who suggests a price for each tea?
20.What is the speaker talking about?
A.The life of tea tasters.
C.The London Tea Trade Centre.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 33.818493
Retrieved Text: These living arrangements generate higher rents for the same space, but they should not be implemented without careful consideration.
As rents continue to climb in most major metropolitan cities, many people, especially those in their twenties, are keen on living with roommates. This arrangement isn’t just beneficial for tenants in a roommate share who are able to save money on rent, but it’s also a huge boon for property managers who are often able to charge much more in rent. However, with great reward comes great risk, and property managers need to proceed carefully when setting up a roommate share.
If a property manager has 600 square feet to rent, they will often be able to charge approximately 20 percent more if that space is split into two bedrooms with a living room in between, than if it is kept as a one-bedroom unit. If a space is split into three bedrooms (which is the most desirable arrangement for tenants in the current market), arranging roommate shares becomes even more lucrative for the property manager who now may be able to charge up to 30 percent more. It’s important to keep in mind that there will likely be higher turnover with roommate shares, with these tenants typically staying approximately one to two years. Tenants in one-bedroom units, on the other hand, will often stay in place for about three to five years. Of course, when there are more people paying rent, there will be a higher risk of default.
To help avoid the precarious situation of a tenant defaulting

########
Rank: 24
Score: 33.79249
Retrieved Text: If there’s one type of apartment that virtually all buildings in Westglen, Ellenwood, GA will offer, that’s one bedroom apartments. In fact, there are 7 1 bedroom rental units located in apartment complexes in Westglen, Ellenwood, GA. Single bedroom apartments work perfectly for single people, couples, roommates, and small families. You can even comfortably share one with your beloved pet, without feeling overcrowded.
Does your search for an affordable 1 bedroom feel agonizing at times? You are scrolling through lists and lists of rental listings, looking at hundreds of images, trying to find the one that is just right. All you want is to find a nice comfortable apartment in a well-maintained building, on a quiet street in Westglen, Ellenwood, GA and for a price you can actually afford. Hang in there, take a deep breath, and follow these 4 steps. Step 1: Put in a rent filter with a maximum price you can pay. Step 2: Sort your results by rent, ascending. Step 3: Browse the filtered results in the order they are listed. If you followed the first 3 steps correctly, the least expensive apartments should be at the top of the list. They will be either smaller apartments, maybe apartments located in older buildings, or one bedroom efficiency apartments. Step 4: Pick the apartment that speaks to you the most and contact the property to check availability.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 33.594616
Retrieved Text: Single bedroom apartments bring the best of both worlds: affordability and location. It matters where you live, this is why you’re trying to find a place in Rovey Farm Estates, Glendale, AZ . And we totally get it. Life is just so much better when you are living in lively areas. The place just around the corner that serves great all you can eat sushi could become your go-to place for Saturday lunches. Or that amazing cocktail lounge your friends keep telling you about, that has the best happy hour, but you could never go because it was a 45-minute drive away? These small things can add a lot of joy to your everyday life, so it would make perfect sense to move closer to them. We have 2 listings in Rovey Farm Estates, Glendale, AZ, with prices between $935 and $2,725. If you want to move into a cushy, one bedroom furnished apartment or a simple, one bedroom efficiency, you are just a few clicks away.
If you are renting on a strict budget, how much you pay in monthly rent is very important. You want an affordable 1 bedroom apartment without sacrificing location, but you can’t seem to find the right one among the 55 apartments listed. We will show you how to see things a bit more clearly. The cheapest apartments in Rovey Farm Estates, Glendale, AZ are going for $935 per month, so you want to find something as close to this price as possible. Sort apartments by rent, ascending, this way the

########
Rank: 26
Score: 33.573536
Retrieved Text: Landlords looking for the highest monthly apartment rents? They’ll do better collecting on the coasts. The most recent survey released by Zumper, covering January of this year, found that the cities with the highest monthly one-bedroom rents were clustered on either the West Coast or East Coast, with six of the cities in California.
Has demand finally caught up to supply in the apartment market? Maybe not quite yet. Zumper released its latest national rent report and found that the national one-bedroom rent grew 0.8 percent in November to $1,212, while the average two-bedroom rent jumped 0.5 percent to $1,430.
There's a reason why so many developers are building new apartment towers in downtown Minneapolis: The demand for multifamily space is high. And with that high demand comes something building owners love, higher monthly rents.
Thinking about renting an apartment in Illinois? You might be spending a lot, depending upon which city you choose.
It’s one thing to read that apartment rents are on the rise. But when you see the actual numbers? It’s shocking how much it can cost to live in a one-bedroom apartment in a major city today.
How expensive is it to rent an apartment in Chicago? Well, it's not cheap. According to research from home and apartment rental search site Zumper, Chicago ranked as the ninth most expensive rental market in the country in February.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 33.54737
Retrieved Text: Single bedroom apartments bring the best of both worlds: affordability and location. It matters where you live, this is why you’re trying to find a place in Shadow Hills, Lubbock, TX . And we totally get it. Life is just so much better when you are living in lively areas. The place just around the corner that serves great all you can eat sushi could become your go-to place for Saturday lunches. Or that amazing cocktail lounge your friends keep telling you about, that has the best happy hour, but you could never go because it was a 45-minute drive away? These small things can add a lot of joy to your everyday life, so it would make perfect sense to move closer to them. We have 1 listings in Shadow Hills, Lubbock, TX, with prices between $670 and $1,250. If you want to move into a cushy, one bedroom furnished apartment or a simple, one bedroom efficiency, you are just a few clicks away.
If you are renting on a strict budget, how much you pay in monthly rent is very important. You want an affordable 1 bedroom apartment without sacrificing location, but you can’t seem to find the right one among the 35 apartments listed. We will show you how to see things a bit more clearly. The cheapest apartments in Shadow Hills, Lubbock, TX are going for $670 per month, so you want to find something as close to this price as possible. Sort apartments by rent, ascending, this way the cheap one bedroom

########
Rank: 28
Score: 33.545036
Retrieved Text: Dubai: With most apartments in Dubai costing more than Dh1 million to own, the huge majority of the city’s residents are forced to rent throughout their life in the emirate. But how do tenants know they’re getting a good deal?
The latest report based on actual rental figures shows how much Dubai residents should expect to pay for a one-bedroom unit around the city.
As of December 2017, the data showed that International City remains the most affordable place to live in. The community has the cheapest rental prices for anywhere in Dubai at Dh40,000 per year.
On the other end of the scale, the Palm Jumeirah is the costliest neighbourhood, with rents costing tenants an average of Dh110,000 annually.
The good thing, though, is that wherever they want to settle in next, tenants can expect to pay a lower rent. Throughout 2017, apartment rental rates declined steadily, from 2 per cent to 4 per cent per quarter, on average.
The average rent for a one-bedroom home in International City dropped by Dh5,000 compared to the rates in 2016, while in the Palm Jumeirah, the average rent dipped more significantly by Dh20,000.
The downtrend is likely to continue this year, as more new apartments will be delivered. In fact, analysts are predicting that rental rates are going to drop more significantly than sales prices.
“Sales prices and rental rates are expected to continue to come under pressure with a more pronounced drop anticipated for the latter as a result of the sheer amount of supply projected for delivery this year,” the real estate

########
Rank: 29
Score: 33.48775
Retrieved Text: If there’s one type of apartment that virtually all buildings in Windsor Village, Indianapolis, IN will offer, that’s one bedroom apartments. In fact, there are 15 1 bedroom rental units located in apartment complexes in Windsor Village, Indianapolis, IN. Single bedroom apartments work perfectly for single people, couples, roommates, and small families. You can even comfortably share one with your beloved pet, without feeling overcrowded.
Does your search for an affordable 1 bedroom feel agonizing at times? You are scrolling through lists and lists of rental listings, looking at hundreds of images, trying to find the one that is just right. All you want is to find a nice comfortable apartment in a well-maintained building, on a quiet street in Windsor Village, Indianapolis, IN and for a price you can actually afford. Hang in there, take a deep breath, and follow these 4 steps. Step 1: Put in a rent filter with a maximum price you can pay. Step 2: Sort your results by rent, ascending. Step 3: Browse the filtered results in the order they are listed. If you followed the first 3 steps correctly, the least expensive apartments should be at the top of the list. They will be either smaller apartments, maybe apartments located in older buildings, or one bedroom efficiency apartments. Step 4: Pick the apartment that speaks to you the most and contact the property to check availability.

================



======= Instance Index 6048 =========
Input Text: Read the following conversation and answer the question.

M: Today on mind matters, I'm talking to Dr Ann Winters, an expert on human memory.. Ann, welcome to the program. Now, I suppose the first question everyone would ask is: what exactly is human memory?

W: Well, like so many easy questions, the answer isn't very simple. Basically, human memory is a compartment in people's brains where they store images rather like the hard disc drive in a computer. And like a hard disc drive, our memories can become infected or even wiped out by accidents. But the comparison breaks down when we consider that we can train our memories to expand and work better which computers can't manage yet.

M: When you talk about memory being infected, do you mean by a disease?

W: Yes. For instance, people suffering from a physiological disease like Alzheimer: forget things that happened in the past. And they also forget how to perform simple tasks like tying their shoelaces. The good news is that brain exercises can help keep the brain young. Research has shown that people who have better educations and more mentally active jobs have a lower risk of developing the disease.

M: And how can someone exercise his brain? By thinking a lot?

W: In a way, yes. But you can also practice using your memory which not only exercises your brain but also improves you ability to remember things. Unfortunately, a lot of devices in modern life are designed to make sure we don't forget things which can make our brains more idle and weaken our memories.

M: Can you give us some examples of how to exercise our memories?

W: Sure, there is a very simple technique, although it works better for some people than for others. When you want to remember something, think of a physical thing it reminds you of. If I want to remember a date from history, let's say, 1066, the date of the Battle of Hastings. I might think that battle reminds me of bottle, so I think of a bottle with the number 1066 written on the label. And I just picture that bottle to myself.

Question: What are we told about people suffering from Alzheimer's disease? 

- They don't understand the mechanisms of memory.

- They can't remember who they are.

- They forget how to perform simple tasks.

Target Text: They forget how to perform simple tasks.

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 37.849014
Retrieved Text: Discovered in 1906, Alzheimer's disease still continues to claim victims and cause suffering. It is a neurodegenerative disease that destroys brain cells and causes memory and thinking disorders. Ted has Alzheimer's disease and his son Mac has decided to surprise him. Find out what happened!
According to the National Institute of Health and Medical Research (Inserm), France today has nearly 900,000 people suffering from Alzheimer's disease. Globally, about 35.6 million people are affected by the disease, according to the latest report from the World Health Organization (WHO).
What is Alzheimer's disease? And what are its effects and risk factors?
Alzheimer's disease causes a gradual disappearance of neurons, which serve to sort and process information, as well as to program actions. By disappearing, these neurons directly influence our cognitive faculties such as memory, reasoning and language.
Over time, people with this disease can no longer memorize or recognize people and objects. In general, Alzheimer's disease affects people over 65, but it is not a normal consequence of aging.
The formation of amyloid or senile plaques due to the excessive production of beta-amyloid proteins and their accumulation in the brain. These plaques are associated with the destruction of neurons.
Genetic and hereditary factors play a very important role in the onset of Alzheimer's disease. But this disease is also manifested by a combination of risk factors, such as aging, hypertension, cardiovascular disease and even exposure to toxic products.
Alzheimer's disease does not only affect the life of the person affected but also that of those around him. This is the case of Ted and his

########
Rank: 1
Score: 34.997364
Retrieved Text: Most Maryland residents have heard of the progressive and debilitating form of dementia known as Alzheimer's. The brain disease is readily associated with memory loss which progressively gets worse and interferes with an individual's ability to recall information, think, process information and reason.
While most individuals diagnosed with Alzheimer's are over the age of 65, in some cases the disease can affect people much younger. When the disease impact individuals in their 40s or 50s, it's known as early-onset Alzheimer's. According to the Alzheimer'sAssociationn, individuals with the disease live an average of eight years after symptoms first appear.
While there is no cure for Alzheimer's, a number of prescription drugs and other treatment options exist that may help delay the disease's progression and also aid in reducing symptoms. Therefore, early diagnosis of the disease is important to help prolong the length and quality of an individual's life and also afford one time to make important life and estate planning decisions. This is often especially important for early-onset sufferers who may have minor-aged children.
While many people associate some degree of memory loss with aging, Alzheimer's symptoms are often more pronounced and disruptive to one's everyday life. The following are some symptoms that are commonly experienced during the early stages of Alzheimer's. Individuals who are concerned that they or a loved one may have the disease would be wise to schedule an appointment to see a doctor.
Memory loss - Many individuals experience times when they forget an indivdiual's name or an appointment. However, in cases where instances of memory loss

########
Rank: 2
Score: 34.875774
Retrieved Text: Are People Living with Dementia Being Conned Out of Billions of Dollars in the United States and Around the World?
There can be little doubt that persons living with Alzheimer's are vulnerable to con men and scams. This should come as no surprise to members of the Alzheimer's community.
The report, Shortchanged: Protecting people with dementia from financial abuse, reveals that 15% of people living with dementia - an estimated 112,500 people - have been victims of financial abuse such as cold calling, scam mail or mis-selling.
62% of carers reported that the person they care for had been approached by cold callers or doorstep sales people, and 70% reported that telephone callers routinely targeted the person they care for.
After reading this and extrapolating from the numbers it seems likely to me that U.S. citizens suffering from dementia could be being "bilked" out of more than a billion dollars.
There are about 6 times as many people suffering from Alzheimer's in the United States as there are in the England. You can do the math. My guess is that my estimate of the problem here in the U.S. is low.
If you read the article, What Was the First Sign of Alzheimer's Disease in Your Case?, you will learn that many Alzheimer's caregivers say that the inability to balance a checkbook is often an early, sometimes the earliest, sign of dementia. Managing money is also a big problem.
Many people that are commenting on this Alzheimer's Society story are shocked and cannot understand how it could happen.
Many of the comments center around

########
Rank: 3
Score: 34.83338
Retrieved Text: Alzheimer's disease (AD) is a slowly progressive disease of the brain that is characterized by impairment of memory and eventually by disturbances in reasoning, planning, language, and perception. Many scientists believe that Alzheimer's disease results from an increase in the production or accumulation of a specific protein (beta-amyloid protein) in the brain that leads to nerve cell death.
The likelihood of having Alzheimer's disease increases substantially after the age of 70 and may affect around 50% of persons over the age of 85. Nonetheless, Alzheimer's disease is not a normal part of aging and is not something that inevitably happens in later life. For example, many people live to over 100 years of age and never develop Alzheimer's disease.
The main risk factor for Alzheimer's disease is increased age. As a population ages, the frequency of Alzheimer's disease continues to increase. Ten percent of people over 65 years of age and 50% of those over 85 years of age have Alzheimer's disease. Unless new treatments are developed to decrease the likelihood of developing Alzheimer's, the number of individuals with the disease in the UK is expected to be 1.7 million by the year 2050. Currently there are around 400,000 people suffering from AD.
Here at Scimitar Care Hotels PLC, our staff are fully trained and able to care for residents suffering from Alzheimers, they are well aware of the many progressive stages of the disease and how to help the resident cope through this illness. The managers of our care hotels are also very aware and can offer both

########
Rank: 4
Score: 34.574493
Retrieved Text: As the director of the Ronald M. Loeb Center on Alzheimer's Disease at Mount Sinai, Dr. Alison Goate specializes in researching the disease's basic mechanisms to improve our treatment options. November is National Alzheimer's Disease Awareness Month.
More than five million Americans are living with Alzheimer's disease, the most common cause of dementia. "Alzheimer's disease is most commonly associated with progressive memory loss over a period of years, though there can also be deficits in other cognitive areas," says Dr. Alison Goate, the director of the Ronald M. Loeb Center on Alzheimer's Disease at Mount Sinai. "Alzheimer's dramatically affects the activities of daily living and, as yet, we don't have a disease-modifying therapy for it."
In casual speech, people tend to use dementia and Alzheimer's interchangeably. "Dementia is the broad umbrella term for memory loss, cognitive impairment and behavioral change. But there are about 60 known causes of dementia," Goate says. "Alzheimer's accounts for about 70% of all dementia cases. Most people know someone who has the disease."
Alzheimer's is a disease most often associated with aging. "The disease usually affects older adults over the age of 65," says Goate. "There are some relatively rare forms of Alzheimer's that include early onset of the disease."
"Both genetic evidence and environmental factors contribute to an individual's risk of developing Alzheimer's," Goate says. "At the moment, we understand the genetic factors better. There are familial subtypes of the disease and we have identified one gene that increases people's risk three- to ten-fold."
Doctors identified other risk factors as well. "Anyone who has suffered

########
Rank: 5
Score: 34.477776
Retrieved Text: Advice Home > Alzheimer's > What Causes Alzheimer's Disease?
Alzheimer's disease is the most common form of dementia, with 60 to 90 percent of dementia cases in the U.S. being a direct result of Alzheimer's disease. Put another way, in 2013, nearly 7 million people were diagnosed with dementia. Of these diagnoses, 5 million were also diagnosed with Alzheimer's. Scary still, these numbers are expected to double by 2050.
Alzheimer's disease is a neurological disorder wherein brain cells die, leading to memory loss and decreased brain function. The symptoms of Alzheimer's start off mild but grow more severe as time progresses.
Perhaps one of the most shocking, recent cases of Alzheimer's in a person familiar to many was when the cause of death was revealed after the death of beloved actor Gene Wilder. Wilder succumbed to Alzheimer's in 2016 when he was 83 years old. Wilder kept his diagnosis a secret to avoid worrying his younger fans who, to this day, recognize him as Willy Wonka from the film Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory.
The main cause of Alzheimer's disease is the death of cells in the brain, just like any other form of dementia. It is a degenerative disease, which means that it progressively gets worse as time goes on. A person who has Alzheimer's disease has fewer nerve cells and connections in his or her brain, and those cells and connections continue to die off as time passes.
Autopsies performed on those who had suffered from the disease show that the brain contained tiny deposits, called plaques (found

########
Rank: 6
Score: 33.58498
Retrieved Text: Over 4.5 million people in the United States and 26 million worldwide suffer from Alzheimer's disease. Alzheimer's disease is the most common type of dementia. The disease destroys brain cells and symptoms can include confusion, anger, mood swings, language breakdown and long-term memory loss. Caring for a person with Alzheimer's disease involves specialized services that differ from other types of senior housing.
What is the best type of care for a loved one with the disease? Alzheimer's care is often delivered in an assisted living or nursing home setting usually in a separate floor or unit. Generally, the residents live in semi-private apartments and have structured activities delivered by staff members trained in Alzheimer's and dementia care. Most of these living environments have secured areas to prevent wandering, a common symptom of the disease. Often, residents have access to outdoor walking paths or gardens which are within secured areas.
Stand alone memory care communities called Alzheimer's special care units or memory care units also exist to better meet the specialized needs of residents with the disease. These memory care communities have been designed specifically for seniors suffering from Alzheimer's disease or dementia and often have features like a circular layout to ensure a resident won't encounter a 'dead-end' in a hallway (a potential source of stress for advanced cases of Alzheimer's).
When making a decision, it is important to ask if there is specialized care offered for residents with Alzheimer's disease or other forms of dementia.
Also Known As: Memory Care; Dementia Care?
Payment Sources: Private Pay; Medicaid.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 33.27491
Retrieved Text: A major advance has been created in creating a blood test to predict when at- risk people will establish Alzheimer's disease, in accordance with researchers.
Simon Lovestone, a professor of translational neuroscience on the University of Oxford inside the United Kingdom, and colleagues have identified 10 proteins that can predict with 87% accuracy whether someone with mild cognitive impairment will develop Alzheimer's disease within a year.
The study, which included over 1,000 people, was published inside journal Alzheimer's and Dementia, and will also be used to improve research for new drugs to treat Alzheimer's.
"We wish to be able to identify people to enter many studies earlier than they currently do that is certainly really what we have been aiming at," Lovestone told BBC News.
The researchers took blood samples from 1,148 people, 476 of whom had Alzheimer's, 220 with memory problems, and a control group of 452 without signs of dementia. They determined 16 proteins were associated with brain shrinkage and forgetfulness and 10 of those could predict whether someone would develop Alzheimer's.
The test may eventually be designed for doctors to work with on patients. "Having a protein test is often a major step forwards," Ian Pike, PhD, chief operating officer at Proteome Sciences in Cobham, United Kingdom, told BBC News. "It will take several years and need a lot more patients before we are able to be certain these tests are suitable for routine clinical use; that process may start fairly quickly now."
However, it's unlikely that routine testing would be recommended until effective treatments are available.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 33.264397
Retrieved Text: Ved Prakash Singhal was out in the garden as always, pottering around and watering the pots. And then, suddenly, he was not there anymore.
"He disappeared," says his son Ankush, who has been running from pillar to post from October 1 in search of his 68-year-old father. For the last nine months, since his father's disappearance from their Panipat house, he has been visiting police stations, nursing homes, hospitals, old age homes and even the morgues in and around Haryana and Delhi. But he is still to find him.
Singhal's memory was failing, but Ankush never thought he could have been suffering from Alzheimer's, one of the most common types of dementia, an overall term for conditions that occur when the brain no longer functions properly.
The fear of people with Alzheimer's wandering away from home came to the fore recently when the renowned musician, Pandit Vithal Rao Sivpurkar, was found by a constable lying unconscious near the Begumpet flyover in Hyderabad. He died soon after he was brought to a hospital. The prolific ghazal singer, an Alzheimer's patient, was the last musician in the Nizam's court.
There have been several cases of mostly elderly people with memory disorders disappearing from their homes. The problem is compounded by the fact that Alzheimer's goes largely undetected in India. Doctors say the earliest symptoms are memory lapses which get worse over time and start to interfere with daily life. In most cases, however, family members fail to recognise the onset of the disease, dismissing it as something related to old age.
Mahesh Sadhwani

########
Rank: 9
Score: 32.971344
Retrieved Text: I remember when I began to question the silence around me. As a little girl, I was naive about Alzheimer's disease and thought nothing was wrong with my grandmother. She forgot a few things here and there, but I never put the pieces together. However, when my grandmother could not even recall my name, I knew something was radically wrong. i was forced to learn about Alzheimer's on my own because my father was having a hard time grappling with the disease. I wanted to understand what was gradually taking the life out of my grandmother, stage by stage, day by day. For the past 10 years, I have witnessed my grandmother's memory fading into a state of eternal blankness. Yet, I refuse to let Alzheimer's rob me of my memories of my grandmother, the loud and dramatic woman who shined on stage and was always ready for her next callback.
Despite the world's growing knowledge of the disease, many people are unable to face their loved ones' Alzheimer's diagnosis. Watching family members repress their internal pain and seeing soon-to-be-helpless victims crumble inside only motivates me to extend my support toward this intrepid and growing community. The idealistic side of me believes that my generation will finally find a cure for Alzheimer's. This is a goal I know I can't tackle alone, so I strive to raise awareness about Alzheimer's. My voice speaks for more than just myself; it amplifies the struggling of the millions of people suffering today.
For the past five years, I have participated in

########
Rank: 10
Score: 32.931725
Retrieved Text: Gum disease affects many Americans.
A new study found a link between Alzheimer's disease and Porphyromonas gingivalis, a type of bacteria that's associated with gum disease, CBS News reported.
Some scientists have said more research is needed to understand this new finding.
But two dentists told INSIDER there are other reasons that gum disease can be bad for your health.
Half of Americans over age 30 have some type of gum disease that, when left unchecked, can cause tooth loss.
Gum disease has also been linked with other conditions like heart disease and rheumatoid arthritis.
New research suggests that a type of bacteria involved in gum disease could play a role in the development of Alzheimer's.
The study, sponsored by privately held pharmaceutical company Cortexyme, Inc, was published in the journal Science Advances, CBS News reported Thursday.
The researchers looked at brains of deceased people with Alzheimer's disease and found evidence of Porphyromonas gingivalis (Pg), a type of bacteria that's associated with gum disease. They also found evidence of gingipains, toxic enzymes produced by the bacteria, in brain samples of people with Alzheimer's, Science Magazine reported.
They also conducted an experiment on mice, infecting their gums with Pg. Later, they detected the bacteria and higher than normal levels of amyloid beta (a protein associated with Alzheimer's) in the mouse brains. In further mouse experiments, the researchers tested a drug designed to bind to gingipains. The drug helped reduce the amount of Pg bacteria and block the production of amyloid beta in the animals' brains.
"The findings of this study offer evidence that Porphyromonas gingivalis and gingipains

########
Rank: 11
Score: 32.705814
Retrieved Text: What is Memory Loss & Alzheimers?
It is normal to forget things once in a while.
How can you know if your memory problems are due to a serious condition?
Memory loss can be defined as unusual forgetfulness. Occasionally forgetting someone's name or misplacing an item is common and manageable. Memory loss can be short-term or long-term. It is associated with a number of causes such as side effects of certain medications, excessive alcohol or drug use, lack of sleep, depression, stress, lack of certain vitamins and proper nutrition, a head injury, stroke, dementia and more.
Dementia is not a disease itself but is an umbrella term for a wide range of symptoms that includes the loss of memory and other aspects of thinking that interfere with daily living. Some symptoms are loss of thinking ability, reasoning skills, memory and ability to perform daily activities. People suffering from dementia may be unable to remember familiar things, ask the same questions frequently, repeat themselves, get confused about time and place, and may become lost while driving or in familiar places. These symptoms may vary from mild to severe and may start suddenly or progress over time.
The causes of dementia are numerous, but the most common causes are vascular dementia and Alzheimer's disease.
Vascular dementia occurs when part of the brain does not get enough oxygen and nutrients due to changes in blood supply. It causes damage to the brain tissue of the affected area. This can cause sudden symptoms such as changes in memory, language, reasoning, coordination, mood and personality. It is

########
Rank: 12
Score: 32.61692
Retrieved Text: As a little girl, Christine Greenwood, now a CCSU junior, sang with her mother for the residents of Touchpoints, an assisted living facility in Bloomfield. Christine still sings there, and she takes joy in the profound response she gets from her audience. As a CCSU student, she's learned that clinical research agrees with what she knows from experience: music improves the quality of life for people suffering from dementia. As Christine says, "Music touches each and every one of us very deeply, and through music we can reconnect with that deepest part of ourselves that makes us alive." This can be true even for a person with advanced Alzheimer's.
Something as simple as providing an iPod, loaded with familiar music, for a person with Alzheimer's can have a huge impact in our community. Alzheimer's disease is the most common form of dementia among Americans and the sixth most common cause of death. It is a progressive disease destroying neural pathways in the brain. Once the pathways responsible for memory, communication, and reasoning are affected, people suffering from Alzheimer's lose themselves. Memory and communication skills fade away, severe depression sets in, and then they begin to lose their loved ones, often being unable to recognize their children and life partners. Somehow, music seems to reconnect some of those important pathways.
This is the inspiring message of the documentary film, Alive Inside, which shows how an iPod loaded with an individualized playlist can spark a person out of the isolation of advanced Alzheimer's. In the documentary you see that when

########
Rank: 13
Score: 32.55197
Retrieved Text: Amy Berger is a certified nutrition specialist and nutritional therapy practitioner who holds a master's degree in human nutrition from the University of Bridgeport, and is the author of The Alzheimer's Antidote: Using a Low-Carb, High-Fat Diet to Fight Alzheimer’s Disease, Memory Loss, and Cognitive Decline.
Why the prevailing hypothesis behind Alzheimer's disease doesn't seem to add up—and what Amy and I believe is a more plausible explanation.
What a ketogenic diet in tandem with exogenous ketones can do to fight back against the advance of Alzheimer's disease.
How a caregiver can help a patient with dementia who is resistant to a change in diet.
What young people can do right now to proactively reduce the chances of picking up Alzheimer's disease later in life.
Supplements Amy recommends for targeted brain health.
While there are multiple hypotheses as to why Alzheimer's disease develops, the prevailing wisdom of the past few decades has aligned with the amyloid hypothesis—that Alzheimer's is caused by plaque buildup in the brain. Unfortunately, amyloid hypothesis-directed drug trials for Alzheimer's disease treatment have a 99.6 percent fail rate.
On the other hand, there's a growing number of both researchers and clinicians who believe that Alzheimer's disease is a form of diabetes of the brain that is metabolic in origin. This is the camp where I find myself, and I'm in good company with Amy Berger, author of The Alzheimer's Antidote: Using a Low-Carb, High-Fat Diet to Fight Alzheimer’s Disease, Memory Loss, and Cognitive Decline.
Amy's journey into nutrition—and specifically how it relates to Alzheimer's disease—started later in life.
"Like so many people

########
Rank: 14
Score: 32.24517
Retrieved Text: An interviewer-administered questionnaire that assesses medical diagnoses of an individual's mother and father as they relate to dementia and Alzheimer's Disease.
These questions only apply to the biological parents.
1. Has a doctor ever told your mother that she has Alzheimer's Disease?
2. Has a doctor ever told your mother that she has dementia, senility or any other serious memory impairment?
3. About how old was she when she (died/passed away)?
3b. In what month and year did she (die/pass away)?
4. Has a doctor ever told your father that he has Alzheimer's Disease?
5. Has a doctor ever told your father that he has dementia, senility or any other serious memory impairment?
6. About how old was he when he (died/passed away)?
6b. In what month and year did he (die/pass away)?
The Health and Retirement Study is longitudinal survey of a representative sample of Americans over 50 years of age. The study has more than 3,000 publications to date. These questions capture the important data about longevity and dementia status of the parents of an individual.
National Institute on Aging Health and Retirement Study. Family History of Dementia and Longevity 2016, Section F: Questions F233, F234, F006, F007, F008, F235, F236, F016, F017, F018.
Ostergren, J.E., Heeringa, S.G., de Leon, C.F., Mendes, Connell C.M., Roberts, J.S. (2017). The influence of psychosocial and cognitive factors on perceived threat of Alzheimer's Disease. American Journal of Alzheimer's Disease & Other Dementias. 32(5):289-299.
Yashin, A.I., Fang, F., Kovtun, M., et al. (2018). Hidden heterogeneity in Alzheimer's disease: Insights from genetic association studies and other analyses. Experimental Gerontology. 107:148-160.
Questionnaire obtaining history of

########
Rank: 15
Score: 32.177418
Retrieved Text: The Alzheimer's Association has unveiled a new Web-based application that works with various mobile devices to track people suffering from dementia who may wander off at some point during their illness.
The association's Comfort Zone service was released earlier this month and is powered by Omnilink tracking services . It is the first comprehensive location management system designed specifically for Alzheimer's patients.
Comfort Zone uses OmniLink's FocalPoint tracking software and relies on GPS to find almost any location-enabled tracking device, which can then be used to monitor the location of an individual. If an Alzheimer's sufferer strays outside a pre-set zone, the software uses GPS and cellular technologies with online mapping to proactively send a text message or e-mail with the person's location. The message is sent within two to 30 minutes, depending on the family's selected tracking plan. Comfort Zone also offers families assistance with 24/7 monitoring center services and access to emergency health records from the MedicAlert Foundation.
"Comfort Zone is an interactive safety service that allows people with the disease to be more active and caregivers to be more confident whether they are in the same house, down the street, at work or across the country." Beth Kallmyer, director of Family and Information Services at the Alzheimer's Association, said in a statement.
Families or caregivers can log into a secure, password-protected Web site similar to logging into most e-mail systems and establish safety zones in which their relative can roam. These zones and alerts can be adjusted as the disease progresses.
Pricing for the service varies, beginning at

########
Rank: 16
Score: 32.04657
Retrieved Text: The A4 Study is a cutting-edge trial aimed at preventing Alzheimer's. The clinical trial is testing normal adults who are at risk for the dementia. It is the first trial to inform healthy people of their risk in advance. Read about the research. Watch Dr. Sperling explain its potential for a vaccination to prevent memory loss.
A cutting-edge clinical trial is testing whether early medical intervention in people at risk for Alzheimer's can slow down progression of disease pathology before symptoms emerge, as outlined in Science Translational Medicine.
For the first time, people with no Alzheimer's disease symptoms are being told of their risk status before being asked to join the randomized controlled trial. As part of the overall prevention trial, Penn Medicine neurodegenerative ethics experts monitor how learning about their risk of developing Alzheimer's impacts trial participants.
Alzheimer's disease afflicts more than 13% of individuals over the age of 65, and remains one of the most feared consequences of aging.
"In order to ethically conduct a study where patients will learn they have a greater chance of developing Alzheimer's disease dementia, we've integrated continual assessments of potential participants throughout the process, to ensure that they are ready to receive information about their amyloid status and aren't having any adverse reactions after finding out," said Jason Karlawish, MD, professor of Medicine and Medical Ethics and Health Policy in the Perelman School of Medicine at the University of Pennsylvania.
Dr. Karlawish directs the Penn Neurodegenerative Disease Ethics and Policy Program. "This study is an important step in determining the consequences of being

########
Rank: 17
Score: 31.96009
Retrieved Text: CBS News: Written by Amy Kraft. January 21, 2016.
In the late 1990s, Paul Alan Cox, Ph.D., an ethnobotanist currently at the Institute for EthnoMedicine in Jackson Hole, Wyo. and colleagues, began traveling to the Pacific island of Guam to interview Chamorro villagers who were suffering from a disease that was similar to Parkinson's, ALS (Lou Gehrig's disease) and Alzheimer's disease. The mysterious illness was first noticed by the U.S. military in the 1950's. Yet 20 years of research didn't turn up any clues.
Dr. Leonard Kurland, a neurologist at the National Institutes of Health (NIH) at the time, found that although the disease was prevalent in a few remote villages, there was no clear pattern of inheritance. Dr. Ralph Garruto, also at NIH then, observed that when outsiders moved in with Chamorro families, they could also develop the disease.
"Our field work was sort of like reading an Agatha Christie novel. Who is the murderer?" Cox told CBS News. "We knew that other peoples on Guam, including the Filipinos, the Caroline islanders, U.S. military personnel, and expatriate Japanese did not get the disease, only the Chamorro villagers.
Continue reading "Algae bloom toxin linked to Alzheimer's, other diseases"

########
Rank: 18
Score: 31.916613
Retrieved Text: Can Healthy Lifestyle Choices Keep Dementia Away?
The idea that you might be able to prevent Alzheimer's or the other types of dementia always leads to an interesting conversation.
Some people are convinced there is nothing you can do to prevent the disease, or slow it down.
There is one school of thought that concludes you are either genetically predisposed to Alzheimer's, or you are not. However, it is not yet known what factors turn genes on and off in Alzheimer's disease.
In other words, let's say you have a gene that predisposes you to Alzheimer's disease.
Lets say 100 people have the gene but only 30 end up suffering from Alzheimer's disease. Why did 30 get Alzheimer's, and why didn't the other 70?
In the idealized world the answer would be simple. The gene didn't turn on in those that were Alzheimer's free. A very simplistic answer to say the least.
Of course, Alzheimer's disease might be caused by a series of genes, or by mutated versions of genes. Scientist are hard at work as I write this trying to unravel this puzzles.
Here is something we do know, lifestyle decisions can effect health. Especially as you age and when you get "old". You can ask any world class geneticist and they will tell you lifestyle choices are a factor.
The study below had a large population, 7,239, and was conducted over a ten year time span. The study found that each health problem increased a person’s odds of developing dementia by 3.2 percent compared to people without such health problems.
You might consider reading

########
Rank: 19
Score: 31.808313
Retrieved Text: Kristin is a licensed social worker in the state of PA and practices geriatric social work in several settings for over 20 years. During that time she focused her career and personal time on learning about and assisting people who are suffering with Alzheimer's Disease and their caregivers. As a Social Worker and Manager she has researched and developed over 25 hours of training material to assist professional and family caregivers better understand and care for those with Alzheimer's Disease and Dementia. Kristin has been a volunteer for the Alzheimer's Association for over 30 years, chaired the Philadelphia Walk to End Alzheimer's for 7 years and lead the initiative to have this dementia training developed and rolled out to BAYADA employees.
Lauren Hirsch, LCSW has worked in the home health care field for 7 years in multiple roles supporting a number of different service lines of home care. She received her masters in Social Work from New York University in 2011 and is currently a practicing clinician. She has worked to support the development of the dementia program curriculum and criteria at BAYADA.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 31.719687
Retrieved Text: I recently read a very moving novel about a woman suffering from Alzheimer's, called Still Alice. In it, neuroscientist Lisa Genova writes about neuroscientist Alice Howland who develops early-onset Alzheimer's at age 50. I especially enjoyed the first-person account of the progression of the disease, and I'd recommend it to anyone with a loved-one or friend suffering from Alzheimer’s. I'd also recommend it to anyone treating Alzheimer's patients, as it presents Alzheimer's from an unusual perspective.
Genova, Lisa. Still Alice. New York : Pocket Books, 2009.
Thanks for the recommendation. I just finished reading it. Fantastic book.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 31.655552
Retrieved Text: Mental disorders such as dementia and Alzheimer's disease are diseases that not only affect humans. In fact, more and more animals are beginning to show signs of it, too, especially domesticated animals like dogs and cats!
Look at your pets in your house. Not only your dogs but also your lovely cats might be affected from Alzheimer's disease. According to the reports of the veterinarians in our neighborhood, the number of pets suffering from dementia or Alzheimer's disease is increasing dramatically. This medical condition is known as “canine dementia” or canine “Cognitive Dysfunction Syndrome (CDS)”.
Some researchers insist that canine dementia is primarily caused by some training methods or by giving too much veterinary care.
Stops responding to the call of their owners.
Change of sleeping habits—they sleep more during the day and sleep less at night.
Walking in circles or wandering around from room to room aimlessly.
Getting stuck in furniture, appearing lost and confused.
Barking or meowing for no apparent reason.
No longer interacts with other people and even with members of the family.
It is said that symptoms of canine dementia begin to appear at the age of 11 and also as early as 7 to 8 years.
Just like Alzheimer's disease, the cause of canine dementia is unknown by medical science, although physical evidence show that changes in the brain due to aging and genetics may cause this problem.
Known treatments for canine dementia include drugs that are also used for treating Alzheimer's disease and Parkinson's disease in humans. Prescription diet food and supplements are also prescribed by veterinarians to improve symptoms.
Are There

########
Rank: 22
Score: 31.649761
Retrieved Text: Alzheimer's disease is the most common cause of dementia — a continuous decline in thinking, behavioral and social skills that disrupts a.
Alzheimer’s disease is an irreversible, progressive brain disorder that slowly destroys memory and thinking skills and, eventually, the ability to carry out the simplest tasks. It is the most common cause of dementia in older adults.
The Alzheimer's Association ® is the leading, global voluntary health organization in Alzheimer care and support, and the largest private, nonprofit funder of Alzheimer research. The Alzheimer's Association ® has been recognized as the top large nonprofit to work for and number five in the top 50 nonprofits overall by The NonProfit Times, the leading information provider for the nonprofit.
The mission of Alzheimer’s & Dementia: Journal of the Alzheimer’s Association is to bridge the knowledge gaps across a wide range of bench-to-bedside investigation. The journal publishes the results of studies in: behavior, biochemistry, genetics, molecular biology, pharmacology, physiology, protein chemistry, neurology, neuropathology.
testing can reveal mild cognitive difficulties up to eight years before a person fulfils the clinical criteria for diagnosis of AD.
Alzheimer's and dementia difference – Alzheimer's is the most common form of dementia, a term that describes a group of symptoms, including memory loss.
Basics of Alzheimer's Disease and Dementia Alzheimer's disease is an irreversible, progressive brain disorder that slowly destroys memory and thinking skills.
Learn more about the seven stages of Alzheimer's disease from the beginning of the illness through its end.
In the U.S., older people with dementia are usually told they have Alzheimer's disease. But a range of other

########
Rank: 23
Score: 31.610334
Retrieved Text: You may have someone in your family who has Alzheimer's disease or another form of dementia. Alzheimer's disease and other dementias affect the person's brain. When people have this disease, they forget, they get confused, they have trouble speaking and taking care of themselves.
Scientists don't know why people get Alzheimer's disease, but they are working hard to find a cause so they can stop it from happening.
You can't get Alzheimer's disease from another person, like the cold or the flu. Just because someone in your family has the disease, it doesn't mean you will get it.
Alzheimer's disease is not a normal part of growing old. Most people who have the disease are over 65 but sometimes (not very often) people in their 40s and 50s get it too. As people get older, their chances of developing the disease increases.
Alzheimer's disease affects the _ _ _ _ _ .
People with Alzheimer's disease _ _ _ _ _ _ .
Alzheimer's disease is not a _ _ _ _ _ _ part of growing old.
Scientists are working hard to find the _ _ _ _ _ of Alzheimer's disease.
People with Alzheimer's disease may forget your name, see or hear things that are not there, get lost, have trouble sleeping or say the same things over and over. This can cause them to become frustrated or nervous and they may get angry with you for no reason. It is important to know that they do not mean to treat you badly. It is not your fault if the person gets

########
Rank: 24
Score: 31.576206
Retrieved Text: The purpose of this activity is to provide the learner with the ability to identify and manage behavioral and cognitive changes of the Dementia client.
Kristin is a licensed social worker in the state of PA and practices geriatric social work in several settings for over 20 years. During that time she focused her career and personal time on learning about and assisting people who are suffering with Alzheimer's Disease and their caregivers. As a Social Worker and Manager she has researched and developed over 25 hours of training material to assist professional and family caregivers better understand and care for those with Alzheimer's Disease and Dementia Kristin has been a volunteer for the Alzheimer's Association for over 30 years, chaired the Philadelphia Walk to End Alzheimer's for 7 years and lead the initiative to have this dementia training developed and rolled out to BAYADA employees.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 31.47628
Retrieved Text: Feb. 10--They lovingly call each other X-Men, named after the comic book team of mutant superheroes.
They have a rare genetic form of Alzheimer's disease that makes up just 1 percent of cases. It strikes early -- in their 30s and 40s -- and decimates families.
When van der Schaar learned she had the mutation, she was watching her own heartbreaking future unfold while caring for her mother, who died of Alzheimer's in her early 50s.
It's no comic book. But to researchers, these families are heroes. They may be the key to treating and even curing Alzheimer's disease.
They are the participants in the first study to test whether drugs can prevent Alzheimer's dementia or slow its onset, rather than trying to treat the disease after symptoms have set in.
At the end of this year, the drug study will be complete, and much-anticipated findings will be released soon after. Another study is expected to begin, one that tests giving prevention medications even earlier -- to patients as young as 18.
"This will be an extremely important clinical trial. It could have a dramatic impact," said Dr. Eric McDade, Washington University associate director of the drug prevention research.
Scientists are hopeful they will be able to apply the findings to the more common, but much harder to study, sporadic Alzheimer's disease. An estimated 5.7 million Americans are living with Alzheimer's dementia. It is the sixth-leading cause of death and the leading cause of disability.
"You are the true inspiration," Alzheimer's Association President Harry Johns said last summer to the families at their annual

########
Rank: 26
Score: 31.41825
Retrieved Text: Summary: An antipsychotic drug has been found to relieve symptoms suffered by millions of people with Alzheimer's disease worldwide.
A study published in the journal Lancet Neurology found that pimavanserin significantly improves psychosis symptoms in people with the condition, without the devastating side-effects of currently-used antipsychotics.
Researchers also found that the drug had an even greater benefit in those with the most severe psychotic symptoms.
Around half of the 45 million people worldwide who suffer from Alzheimer's disease experience psychotic episodes and there is no approved safe and effective treatment for these distressing symptoms, a figure that is even higher in some other forms of dementia.
In people with dementia, widely-used antipsychotics lead to sedation, falls and can double the speed at which brain function deteriorates.
Their use increases risk of falls, and leads to 1,660 unnecessary strokes and 1,800 unnecessary deaths in the UK every year.
Despite all of these negative effects, they have very little benefit in improving psychosis in people with dementia.
The scientists said that pimavanserin works differently to other antipsychotics, by blocking a very specific nerve receptor in the brain.
Now, it has been found to effectively reduce symptoms of psychosis in people with Alzheimer's disease without the damaging effects of other antipsychotics.
"Psychosis is a particularly terrifying symptom of Alzheimer's disease," said Professor Clive Ballard, from the University of Exeter Medical School.
"People may experience paranoia, or see, hear or smell things that are not there. It's distressing both for those experiencing the delusions and for their carers.
"It's particularly encouraging that most benefit was seen in those with the most

########
Rank: 27
Score: 31.399248
Retrieved Text: The chairman of the Christian Broadcasting Network, which airs the "700 Club," said he wouldn't "put a guilt trip" on anyone who divorces a spouse who suffers from the illness, but added, "Get some ethicist besides me to give you the answer."
Terry Meeuwsen, Robertson's co-host, asked him about couples' marriage vows to take care of each other "for better or for worse" and "in sickness and in health."
Divorce is uncommon among couples where one partner is suffering from Alzheimer's, said Beth Kallmyer, director of constituent services for the Alzheimer's Association, which provides resources to sufferers and their families.
"We don't hear a lot of people saying 'I'm going to get divorced,'" she told The Associated Press. "Families typically respond the way they do to any other fatal disease."
The stress can be significant in marriages though, Kallmyer said, because it results in the gradual loss of a person's mental faculties.
"The caregiving can be really stressful on a couple of levels," she said. "There's the physical level. There's also the emotional level of feeling like you're losing that person you love."
As a result, she said, it's important for couples to make decisions about care together in the early stages of the illness, when its effects aren't as prominent.
Tags: Pat Robertson, Pat Robertson, Alzhiemer's makes divorce, Religious broadcaster Pat Robertson, Religious broadcaster Pat Robertson 700 clubs, Beth Kallmyer, Terry Meeuwsen. Divorce and separations, Neurological disorders, Diseases and conditions, Health, Seniors' health.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 31.327288
Retrieved Text: There's always a buzz around the Alzheimer's Association International Conference -- "the world's largest conference of its kind." One particularly buzzy story line coming out of this year's confab in Copenhagen traces back to researchers from Mayo Clinic. During the conference, Keith Josephs, M.D., took the stage to discuss the possibility of having put another piece of the Alzheimer's disease puzzle into place.
His research team's finding, according to this story on the Rochester Post-Bulletin's website, links a newly discovered protein in our brains called "TDP-43" with our risk for developing Alzheimer's disease. The protein, according to the Associated Press, is "different from the amyloid and tau that make up the sticky brain plaques and tangles long known" to be the traditional "hallmarks" of Alzheimer's. And its discovery could give researchers a new target for developing drugs and treatments for the disease. It could also, according to AP, "help explain why many people have plaques and tangles in their brain yet show no symptoms" of Alzheimer's.
The discovery has stirred up a "firestorm of interest," having been picked up by the likes of Bloomberg News, ABC News, Health Day, Washington Post and many others. "Interest was pretty incredible," Mayo's Duska Anastasijevic told the Post-Bulletin. And for good reason, because the study, which the AP notes has already been "peer-reviewed" and published in the journal Acta Neuropathologica, also includes information about a new type of brain imaging that Mayo researchers say may have the ability to "show tau tangles in living people for the first time."
According to Mayo's news

########
Rank: 29
Score: 31.319489
Retrieved Text: (KNX 1070/CNS) - A federal appeals court panel has upheld the conviction of former Los Angeles County Sheriff Lee Baca.
The 76-year-old is facing three years in prison for his conviction on charges of obstruction of justice and lying to the FBI.
During arguments before the 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in November, Baca's lawyers argued that the former sheriff had been diagnosed with Alzheimer's Disease, a fact that the jury was not allowed to hear.
But the assistant US attorney ruled that the defense could not prove that Baca was suffering from Alzheimer's at the time the crimes were committed.
We spoke with Baca's attorney Nathan Hochman.
"We completely disagree with the conclusions reached by the 9th Circuit in its very brief opinion issued today and we intend to seek all additional appellate options available to us," he said.
Baca's conviction stemmed from a sweeping FBI probe of abuse and other wrongdoing in L-A County jails.
The 76-year-old former sheriff, who has Alzheimer's disease, was sentenced in May 2017 to three years in federal prison, but has remained free pending his appeal.
During arguments before the U.S. 9th Circuit Court of Appeals panel in November, Baca attorney Benjamin Coleman contended that the trial judge in the case had abused his discretion by barring jurors from hearing evidence of the former sheriff's Alzheimer's diagnosis.
But the appellate panel found that the trial court "did not abuse its discretion" by rejecting as "unreliable" testimony about the extent of the disease's impact on Baca when he lied to investigators.
"We find no basis for reversing," the panel

================



======= Instance Index 5976 =========
Input Text: Read the following conversation and answer the question.

M: This shirt looks very nice. How much is it?

W: It's eight dollars if you buy one. But you pay four dollars less if you buy two.

Question: How much will the man pay if he buys two shirts? 

- 4 dollars

- 12 dollars

- 16 dollars

Target Text: 12 dollars

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 37.781727
Retrieved Text: 363. A family had dinner in a restaurant and paid $30 for food. They also had to pay 9.5% sale tax and 10% for the tip. How much did they pay for the dinner?
364. A shop is offering discounts on shirts costing $20 each. If someone buys 2 shirts, he will be offered a discount of 15% on the first shirt and another 10% discount on the reduced price for the second shirt. How much would one pay for two shirts at this shop?
365. Smith invested $5000 for two years. For the first year, the rate of interest was 7% and the second year it was 8.5%. How much interest did he earn at the end of the two year period?
366. Janette invested $2000 at 5% compounded annually for 5 years. How much interest did she earn at the end of the 5 year period?
367. Tom borrowed $600 at 10% per year, simple interest, for 3 years. How much did he have to repay (principal + interest) at the end of the 3 year period?

########
Rank: 1
Score: 31.758394
Retrieved Text: By selling an article for Rs 96, double profit is obtained than the profit that would have been obtained by selling it for Rs 84. What is the cost price of the article?
Let the cost price of the article be Rs x.
The owner of an electronics shop charges his customer 22% more than the cost price. If a customer paid Rs 10,980 for a DVD player, then what was the cost price of the DVD player?
The owner of a stationery shop charges his customers 28% more than the cost price. If a customer paid Rs 4544 for school books, then what was the cost price of the school books?
A shopkeeper purchases 10 kg of rice at Rs 600 and sells at a loss as much the selling price of 2 kg of rice. Find the sale rate of rice/ kg.
Now, Loss = C.P. – S.P.
The owner of a toy shop charges his customers 33% more than the cost price. If the customer paid `4,921 for a toy, then what was the cost price of the toy?
Mohan purchased an article and sold it for Rs 2817.50 and earned 15 percent profit on the cost price. What was the cost price of the article?
The profit earned after selling an article for Rs 1,754 is the same as loss incurred after selling the article for Rs 1,492. What is the cost price of the article?
Prathik sold a music system to Karthik at 20% gain and Karthik sold it to Swasthik at 40% gain. If Swasthik paid `10,500 for the

########
Rank: 2
Score: 29.12021
Retrieved Text: How is everyone? Hope your all ok. I am up and on the hunt for a new job. I need a change guys. It’s all about change for the new year so I’m starting now.
One thing that wont change is my bargains. As I said in my previous post I am loving shirts right now. I was doing a usual search on eBay and I came across a very nice red stripe shirt. This shirt got my attention right away.
Low and behold there was a two for one offer. Just my thing. I am not so keen on the second plain red shirt however I could not miss out on this.
These were on auction, thankfully I won it. Phew.
Whilst doing my usual search on the internet, I actually came across my Regent cardigan on the John Lewis website. I had to let you guys know. John Lewis are currently selling my cardigan at £44. I am shocked.
I’m sorry but I would not pay £44 for this cardigan. For £44 I want more material on my cardigan. Well I guess I am just luck I got this at my bargain price £0.00.
Please see previous post https://mybnw.wordpress.com/category/my-bargain-buys/ if your thinking how did she do that?
I love my bargain buys.
My next purchase was this cutest mustard cardigan. Believe me guys I need new cardigans. The one’s I have, lets just say they need to be thrown away.
This cardigan appeals to me because of the check design. Combined with the mustard colour, this cardigan screamed get me. It feels so

########
Rank: 3
Score: 28.5862
Retrieved Text: q: where does michael get his blue shirts?
I don,t think it will be Primark or Woolworths.
Lidls?!! Or maybe Ethel Austin?!
Perhaps he buys them mail order.
I would have said 'Man at C & A' but of course they no longer exist (unless he has a stockpile...).
Well done Ken. I use answers like that and normally get smacked for my pains.
yo ken, yo da man fo shore! in a shop! who'd have thought it eh?
really children, if all you can do is spout the bleedin obvious, better to stay schtumm, no?
C&A still have branches in Brussells and Amsterdam, well they did quite recently at any rate and certainly since they shut in the UK.
They're just light blue mens' dress shirts - you can get them anywhere! They're about the most common mens' clothing item!
sad, sad, sad. you guys are missing the point. of course you can get a blue shirt anywhere. but i asked where he got his. geddit? doh!
he gets them from Skyron in Andromeda.
why the obbsesion with MP's shirts?

########
Rank: 4
Score: 26.330416
Retrieved Text: Kenneth Kerry Burnett will think twice the next time he decides to ‘mekk sport’.
Although he had the money in his pocket to pay for two packs of nuts, Burnett chose to ‘play a prank’ on two security guards who were watching him.
The joke ended up being on the 53-year-old of Retreat Terrace, Black Rock, St Michael, after he was remanded to HMP Dodds until next Tuesday by Chief Magistrate Christopher Birch when he appeared in the District ‘C’ Magistrates Court today.
Although he admitted to stealing two packs of cashew nuts valued $15.80 from A1 Supermarket on May 31, Burnett told the court he always intended to pay for them.
“I go in that supermarket all the time and I have never stolen anything from there because Mr Bynoe buys breadfruits from me. But those two men always watching me and harassing me when I go there,” he explained.
The Chief Magistrate, however, was not entertained by Burnett’s story.
“Making sport has put you in the situation you are in now. Why would you provoke a situation like this if you know you were being watched?” he asked him.
To make matters worse, when prosecutor Sergeant Rudy Pilgrim made a check it was revealed that Burnett had failed to pay a $1,500 fine which had been imposed on him since October 2017 by the District ‘A’ Magistrates Court.
Birch therefore remanded him to prison until June 5 when he will appear in the District ‘A’ Magistrates’ Court.
Wait hold on a sec – he didn’t leave the store with the nuts but was

########
Rank: 5
Score: 26.17272
Retrieved Text: Nearly all of the posts I have written to date on the topic of thrift shopping focus on tailored clothing such as suits and sportcoats. However, man does not live by tailored clothing alone! Here are my top thrift shopping tips for casual men’s clothing. The outfit featured at the top of this page (safari jacket, sweater, shirt, tie and slacks) cost a total of $23.00. All items were purchased second-hand. I will show you where and how to get amazing buys like this on everything from jeans and casual shirts to sweaters and coats.
Generally, I recommend shopping online when seeking men’s suits and sportcoats (eBay.com, Poshmark.com, etc.,) as you will find a much wider selection than is available at any local thrift shop. You pay more for second-hand suits when shopping online but you’re much more likely to find exactly what you’re looking for. However, I recommend the opposite when it comes to shopping for second-hand casual clothing for men. You will find a wide selection of casual clothing at much better prices at your local thrift shops.
Local thrift shops have an unbeatable advantage over online vendors; No shipping costs. Generally, you will pay a minimum of $6.00 to have a single garment purchased online shipped to you. That same $6.00 can be used to purchase one or two additional garments when shopping for casual clothing at a local thrift store. Your money goes much farther.
Larger thrift store chains such as Goodwill and Savers are great places to shop for gently used jeans, khakis, knit

########
Rank: 6
Score: 26.148745
Retrieved Text: Man City Stadium Shop c night with him. He was somewhat unacceptable when he learned replica football shirt truth. After leaving replica football man city stadium shop shirt room United Kingdom football kits Long Xiyue, he still had replica football shirt heart to look for Lin Biao s farewell. Directly left replica football shirt demon city by night. Now lfc infant kit think about it, will Xiyue tell Lin Biao that he cheap football shirts not dead. If you don t tell, will thcheap football shirts girl be stupid and run back to replica football shirt bloody family He still remembers that replica football shirt patriarch United Kingdom football kits replica football shirt bloody germany soccer t shirt family still thought about letting Lin Biaoer marry hcheap football shirts son. If thcheap football shirts girl cheap football shirts stupid to run back, man city stadium shop can he still be bullied Hey Suddenly thought United Kingdom football kits some past events, Ye swayed on replica football shirt face, and could not help but sigh. Mu Yunyao, who cheap football shirts sitting next to him, still dares to tease her with an angry leaf, obviously just wants a hairpin, but she has to do what she wants, and it hurts her so much. Originally still sulking, suddenly heard replica football shirt leaf sighed, she turned her head and saw a lot United Kingdom football kits complicated emotions from replica football shirt leaf shaking her eyes. What kind United Kingdom football kits look cheap football shirts that Mu

########
Rank: 7
Score: 26.140944
Retrieved Text: New Man U Kit 2018 ootball shirts good, and replica football shirt wife cheap football shirts lost. When Gu Qingying thought United Kingdom football kits replica football shirt whcheap football shirtstling United Kingdom football kits replica football shirt rain unicorn when he returned new man u kit 2018 to replica football shirt rainforest, he could not help but reveal some smiles. It cheap football shirts also bad for him. Sometimes, it new man u kit 2018 cheap football shirts not a good thing to obey too much. Thcheap football shirts rainy unicorn cheap football shirts deeply rooted. I have always wanted to get those two territories. I used to compete with replica football shirt four holy beasts and replica football shirt lake beasts. Territory, abused. Now with replica football shirt dead bird, replica football shirt fire phoenix competes for replica football shirt territory and borussia dortmund top cheap football shirts abused. Even Ye Hao, I feel that replica football shirtre are real madrid football kit 2018 some incredible things. Yu Qilin has always paid replica football shirt price for thcheap football shirts obsession, and even because United Kingdom football kits thcheap football shirts obsession, he does not know how much he paid. It seems that replica football shirt Chaos Beast cheap football shirts not as mysterious as we think. Chaos beasts have always been a legend, even if replica football shirty have entered replica football shirt wilderness United Kingdom football kits mountains and seas, replica football shirty have never seen chaotic beasts. Ye Hao did not

########
Rank: 8
Score: 25.878662
Retrieved Text: Q3 - A trader had 6 quintals of wheat. He sold a part of it at 7% proﬁt and the rest at 17% proﬁt, so that he made a total proﬁt of 11%. How much wheat did he sell at 17% proﬁt?
Q5 - If price of an article decreases from Rs 240 to Rs 220, when quantity demanded increases from 200 units to 210 units. Find point elasticity of demand?
Q6 - Mohan buys an old scooter for Rs 5500 and spends Rs 1200 on its repairs. If he sells the scooter for Rs 5200. What will be his loss percent?
Q7 - Mohan buys an old scooter for Rs 5500 and spends Rs 1200 on its repairs. If he sells the scooter for Rs 7200. What will be his gain percent?
Q8 - A person incurs 8% loss selling a watch for Rs 1650. At what price should the water be sold to earn 10 % profit?
Q9 - If a cycle is purchased for Rs 2500 and sold for Rs 2200. Find the loss percent?
Q10 - A man buys a product for Rs 250 and sells it for Rs 300. Find his gain percent?

########
Rank: 9
Score: 25.694035
Retrieved Text: Apr 8, 2017. Just how much does car insurance cost per month?. 2 Coleman March 17, 2016 at 11:18 pm. For example, if some areas don't have many USAA members it may be higher vs others. 2 total loss collisions and a minor sideswipe within the last couple years, all my fault, oh, and I'm a 19 year old male.
If you are a 25-year-old working woman, retirement planning is probably. when it comes to building a corpus for retirement as you will need to save at least twice as much as a man. If you are still.
*Average based on a telematics vs standard car insurance policy for a 17-year-old. the cost of car insurance for 17 year olds. Young male drivers are.
Get funeral insurance quotes from Australian brands Find cover with no medical exams Never pay more in premiums than what you’re insured for.
The cars, the trucks, the tires, hell, even the snazzy polo shirts with a little logo on it all cost money. But it’s always been a mystery just how much. the race need to be factored in. So for the.
“My car was eaten by animals,” the speaker said during an event hosted by the Economic Club of Washington D.C. “It’s just dea.
Jun 17, 2016. Research shows that teenagers have the highest crash rate of any group in the United States. Families adding a teenage driver to their auto insurance policy will see their. The average increase in the state was 17 percent. The largest premium increase occurs when a 16-year-old driver is added

########
Rank: 10
Score: 25.537931
Retrieved Text: He probably buys them off the dark web before they're publicly available.
he has that much money?
I doubt they're that expensive plus he has sponsorships and investors so I doubt any of it's out of pocket.
of course there will. always will be.
Every person on the planet suddenly realized the importance of security and how to achieve it, making it no longer viable to breach companies and sell leaked data.
I've heard people contact him directly with leaks, he supposedly refuses to buy leaks because he doesn't want to feed the underground economy. Could be a myth, just passing along what I've heard.
He's probably just cheap then since the person giving it to him likely "fed the underground economy" for him. Can't say I disagree with the tactic of letting others pay for the data for you other than claiming to be righteous about it.
of course. the hacks never stop man.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 25.377163
Retrieved Text: Searching for Funny Whatsapp messages each and every quote is handpicked and it will surely make you feel satisfied with an amazing value that you have never experienced. Sharing this Funny Whatsapp messages status will show us, you loved our content and how much value is filled within. [Updated Regularly].
Wife: whenever we keep the money in the bags our son steals it, I don’t know what to do? Husband: Keep it in his books. I know he will never touch them!
One boy on his way to home with his mom after school, Saw a couple kissing on the road, He suddenly shouted and said look mom, They are fighting for CHEWING GUM.
Height of Shame. At bus stop a girl was standing with her face covered. A man on bike stops and says ‘Let’s have fun today!’ Girl replies: Papa it’s me!
Husband and Wife had a Fight. Wife called Mom: He fought with me again, I am coming to you. Mom: No dear, he must pay for his mistake, I am coming to stay with you!
Seriously first time in Indian history. Latest funny event occurred Friends, Petrol is cheaper then Onions in India!
The world is here at, Sharad University… Where are you? At a better university.
A boy got rejected and girl got selected in an interview for same reason. Think? they both had the first two buttons of their shirts open in front of the CEO … Jokes!
A man lost on no-man’s-land Island. One day he decided to build a wood boat to save his life. Suddenly

########
Rank: 12
Score: 25.296179
Retrieved Text: We came up with the idea of producing t-shirts to help fund this project and the design of the first shirt was so popular we ended up coming up with a second design as well.
Cost: US$20.00 buys either shirt – Scratch that… We’ve discounted the cost by 25% you can now get these shirts for $15.00 a pop. Shipping depends a bit on how far the shirts are being sent and when they’re ordered… Shirts are shipped from the United States and shipping costs may fluctuate so Linsey will let you know what the costs are at the time your inquiry is made.
To order you very own BUSKER HOF t-shirt, contact David Aiken at: cbg@buskerhalloffame.com tell him what size(s) you want and he’ll get you a paypal invoice for the total costs involved with you order.
Once you’ve placed your order check out some of the pictures from ‘the faithful’ that we’ve been collecting as a tribute to the man!
***Please note that the limited edition black shirts which included the Butterfly Man’s Poem on the back are sold out. The current version does not have the poem included. The remaining stock of white shirts still include the poem.
how do I upload my pic here, I finally got to my mailbox and got the shirt.
I gathered the performers that were there today at the old Pier 39 spot and we posed with the shirt.
If you can give me the date the shot was taken and the names of everyone in the shot I’ll get it uploaded and tagged

########
Rank: 13
Score: 25.028576
Retrieved Text: 2. 24 men and 6 women can do a work in 20 days. How much time it will take for 8 men and 2 women to complete 1/6th of the job?
24 men and 6 women can do work in 20 days.
3. Sachin’s average score for 49 matches was 48 runs. How much he should score in his 50th match to make the average score ‘50’?
4. If a + (1/ (a – 4)) = 4 then find the value of (a –4)2 +1/ (a – 4)2.
6. Two trains running in opposite directions speed of 60 km/h and 90 km/h crosses each other in 30 sec. If the length of train 1 is 200 meters. Find the length of train?
8. How many common tangents can be drawn on two circles touching each other external?
9. The number of coins of diameter 1.5 cm and thickness 0.4 cm required to be melted to make a right circular cylinder of height 8 cm and base radius 3 cm is.
10. A conical vessel of radius 7 cm has height of 20 cm. It is filled upto 60% of height by water. How much volume water (in cubic cm) is filled in it?
11. ‘P’ is faster than ‘Q’. ‘P’ and ‘Q’ each walk 12 km. The sum of their speed is 7 km/h and sum of times taken by them is 7 hours. Then P’s speed is equal to.
12. A man buys a car for Rs. 2, 50,000 in cash and sells at Rs. 2, 85,000 in credit of 1 year. If the

########
Rank: 14
Score: 24.94424
Retrieved Text: Man City Away Kit 16 o blew replica football shirtmselves. Ha ha ha, crystal beast, although you are also a monster, but you are not a real demon, do not understand replica football shirt pride United Kingdom football kits our demon heart. When Ye Hao heard replica football shirt words United Kingdom football kits replica football shirt crystal beast, he said very dcheap football shirtsdainfully. football ac milan football socks shirts crystal beast cheap football shirts born with replica football shirt aura United Kingdom football kits heaven and earth. Although it cheap football shirts called replica football shirt beast, it cheap football shirts not a demon, so replica football shirtre will be so many demon people hunting him. Hey ants, I think you are looking for death, just because my food cheap football shirts gone, although you are thin, but replica football shirtre cheap football shirts better than nothing. football shirts thirty third chapter United Kingdom football kits replica football shirt depressed animal crystal At thcheap football shirts point, replica football shirt crystal beast did not mention how depressed, just fincheap football shirtshed replica football shirt tooth festival, do not know who, suddenly put some nocheap football shirtse in front United Kingdom football kits hcheap football shirts cave, and replica football man city away kit 16 shirtn said replica football shirt taste, came to thcheap football shirts valley. For replica football shirt crystal beast, such a taste cheap football shirts fatal, no matter how strong replica football shirt repair, replica football shirty are irrescheap football shirtstible

########
Rank: 15
Score: 24.663567
Retrieved Text: Middleweight champion Gennady “GGG” Golovkin is said to have been offered a $15 million offer from Golden Boy Promotions to fight their red-headed Mexican star Saul “Canelo Alvarez for a fight in September 2017. The lump sum offer made to the unbeaten Golovkin (36-0, 33 KOs) is not the percentage deal that he and his team are looking for in the fight against Alvarez.
The fight could bring in over $100 million on HBO pay-per-view depending on how well the two fighters do in their next fights in the first half of 2017.
Tom Loeffler of K2 Promotions is the negotiator for Golovkin with Golden Boy, and he’s asking for a 40% split for his fighter. Golden Boy wants Golovkin to accept the $15M offer. This could come down to which promoter blinks first when it comes to whether this particular mega-fight gets made.
Canelo has a lot of negotiating muscle on his side in the form of his big PPV numbers in the past in fights against Floyd Mayweather Jr. [2.2 million buys], Miguel Cotto [900,000 buys], Amir Khan [600,000 buys] and Liam Smith [300,000 buys]. Golovkin’s only venture in the PPV buys was his 150,000 buys for his fight against David Lemieux in 2015.
Those weren’t on the same level as Canelo, but they still weren’t bad for a first time effort for GGG against a guy who is from Canada in Lemieux. Canelo is from nearby Mexico, and he has a lot of Mexican fans that live in the U.S and can support him in his PPV

########
Rank: 16
Score: 24.246477
Retrieved Text: New Liverpool Football Shirt rt cheap football shirts happy and quiet. Xue, you don t believe in love at first sight. I have a lot United Kingdom football kits words to tell you, but I have no chance. If I have to come back, I must marry you. football shirts boss always said that I am timid, if today cheap football shirts not going to die. I am afraid I will not say replica football shirtse words in my life. In replica football shirt hinterland United Kingdom football kits replica football shirt extremely cold land, replica football shirt cold pocheap football shirtson cheap football shirts very powerful. Now replica football shirt old black, replica football shirt whole body beco. mes stiff and purple, and replica football shirt aura United Kingdom football kits replica football shirt demon cheap football shirts also consumed. It cheap football shirts already exhausted, and replica football shirt last breath, I want to All that was said was said. Old black At thcheap football shirts time, Cher changed replica football shirt name United Kingdom football kits replica football shirt old black, from new liverpool football shirt replica football shirt black main tube to replica football shirt old black. Because United Kingdom football kits Ye Hao s reason, at first Cher had some dcheap football shirtslike United Kingdom football kits Lao Hei, but now she cheap football shirts only deeply moved. Old black, if we can man utd merchandise go out from here, I will marry you, now I beg you to take back

########
Rank: 17
Score: 24.237646
Retrieved Text: I got these comfy footy PJs yesterday and I’m trying to see how long before my mom tells me to change clothes.
Do you think some cars are overpriced?
Would you rather always have to write with your other hand or always have to write with your eyes closed?
I just recently bought a 2000 chevy impala that used to be an old cop car and I can't figure out how to set the clock!
A Man Wants To But A Used Car. He Finds One For $9500, And Buys It. But Somehow, He Doesn't Pay A Dime. How?
Whoever answers this tricky riddle first, I will follow! Good luck everyone!
What car is your favorite and why?

########
Rank: 18
Score: 24.224617
Retrieved Text: Chelsea Retro Shirt l shirt first place in replica football shirt current game, hcheap football shirts strength cheap football shirts enough to be noticed by oreplica football shirtrs. Why cheap football shirts thcheap football shirts kid still undefeated now said a dcheap football shirtsciple on replica football shirt side. I don t know thcheap football shirts, said anoreplica football shirtr dcheap football shirtsciple. chelsea retro shirt It seems that replica football shirt strength United Kingdom football kits thcheap football shirts guy has long exceeded our imagination. Anoreplica football chelsea retro shirt shirtr. alchemy teacher said. Amazing to replica football shirt people around, replica football shirt leaves are swaying. After experiencing replica football shirt storm, I was amazed at replica football shirt people around me. For Ye Yao, replica football shirtse so called exclamations have no appeal to him. Long Xiyue saw himself, hcheap football shirts beloved Ye Yao broreplica football shirtr, chelsea retro shirt and now replica football shirt amazing performance in front United Kingdom football kits everyone. football shirts reason why you naturally feel happy when you are in your heart cheap football shirts not because you can get out United Kingdom football kits trouble. football shirts root cheap football shirts still because replica football shirt Ye Yao broreplica football shirtr who he trusts has not lived up to hcheap football shirts expectations. Nowadays, replica football shirt scope United Kingdom football kits cultivation cheap football shirts no longer limited to replica football shirt simple cultivation in front United Kingdom football kits us. It has reached

########
Rank: 19
Score: 24.223467
Retrieved Text: Man Utd Jacket football shirts heart full United Kingdom football man utd jacket kits warmth. Having explained a few words, Ye Hao took out a sword from replica football shirt big demon system. Thcheap football shirts sword cheap football shirts also called a toothpick. football shirts reason why he can bleed hcheap football shirts teeth cheap football shirts because he found a very interesting system in replica football shirt big demon system. That cheap football shirts copying, as long as replica football shirt energy can support, all replica football shirt dead things, replica football shirt copy system United Kingdom football kits replica football shirt big demon system can be copied. Thcheap football shirts made Ye Hao feel very interesting, so he copied a tooth sword. It s just that thcheap football shirts system has a fatal weakness, th. at cheap football shirts, it can be used once in three months, and replica football shirt energy must be sufficient. Hey, replica football shirt battle system released replica football shirt mcheap football shirtssion, replica football shirt host battle did not destroy puma italian national team replica football shirt peak United Kingdom football kits replica football shirt crystal beast, replica football shirt mcheap football shirtssion was completed, reward replica football shirt sword method Nine Days , replica football shirt mcheap football shirtssion failed, and died. Just as Ye Hao had just stepped into replica football shirt valley, replica football shirt sound United Kingdom football kits replica football shirt little demon screamed in Ye Hao s mind. For such a

########
Rank: 20
Score: 24.181452
Retrieved Text: There are so many reasons to wearing t-shirts for man and woman. These reasons can clearly describe about t-shirt use – Budget & Financial Ability – Financial ability is the primary reason to wearing t-shirts or not. If t-shirt prices exists budget, than it’s difficult to buy for use. If the person financial ability does not so well than he or she could chose some other outfit to wear. On the other hand if the person is financially establish than he or she can buy anything they like. But the fact is when t-shirts are available on reasonable price than anyone can use this, no matter the t-shirt amount is large or small.
Someone can be used t-shirts for getting comfort. This is why he or she is very attractive to wear t-shirts. Depending of Using Habits – To change our outlooks we are wearing different kinds of outfit, T-shirt is one of them. Some are using t-shirts occasionally and some are using all the time. Here I have to define about regular t-shirt user, occasional T-shirt user and rough t-shirt user. Regular T-Shirt User – Regular user should have large collection of t-shirts, because they are like to use t-shirt all the time and this outfit makes them comfortable. How many t-shirts needs a man, there are not accurate answer of this question because it does not have any particular amount or limit. Anyone can choose and buy t-shirts from anywhere they want. Regular t-shirt user needs more beside the occasional t-shirt user.
Occasional T-Shirt User –

########
Rank: 21
Score: 24.170908
Retrieved Text: In today’s episode we share how you can start making a full-time income by selling T-shirts online on a new platform called Teespring!
How Benny Hsu segued from an app business to making full time income by selling T-shirts on Teespring.
Where to find designers for your T-shirts, and how much should it cost?
How to get traffic to your Teespring campaigns without breaking any sweat (or the bank)!
How to find and tap into the hottest trends and themes that already work on Teespring .
How to get started right now!
Today’s Guest: App developer & T-shirt Entrepreneur!
I first met Benny Hsu at the 2013 New Media Expo in Las Vegas. Back then, he was the latest and hottest app developer success story. I’ve just interviewed him as a cover story for the Inspiring Innovation magazine, and we became good friends.
Benny’s story became a mini-legend. After all, he went from working at his family’s restaurant, to developing apps. Then, his first app, ‘Photo365’, generated over $31,000 in sales in under 30 days!
Benny went on and created more apps, mostly following his “365” theme. None of them was as successful as the first one, and last I spoke with him he was dabbling with app re-skinning.
App re-skinning is an easy way for anyone to get into the app development game. By buying one ready-made app and only changing its graphics, you create tens if not hundreds of apps… fast.
With each app generating a few tens, or even hundreds, of dollars every month, the more apps you re-skin – the more money you

########
Rank: 22
Score: 24.09062
Retrieved Text: Who is the civilized one?
A young man went to a chemist who showed him his wares as he explained to him the many medicines and poisons to heal and to kill people. Some were worth even a million gold coins. The young man smiled and said he didn’t have that kind of money, and in any case he was only interested in a pill that would make a girl fall in love with him. The chemist understood: “Of course, if you had a million gold coins you wouldn’t need such a pill. But in any case I can give you the pill, and it is absolutely guaranteed to be efficient with just one dose to make her fall once and for all in everlasting love of you.” – “And how much will that pill cost me?” – “Only one coin.” – “That’s fine, but then, please tell me if you don’t mind, how can you make business that way?” – “Very simple. And let this be a warning to you, young man, though I know you will not heed it. The person who comes for the first pill, sooner or later comes always for the second.” Upon which, of course, the young man goes and buys the pill.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 24.063845
Retrieved Text: I found the perfect Christmas gift for my husband!
He's not easy to buy for. His two passions are fishing and wood-working, and he was supposed to tell me what reel he wanted. But now, all he does is shrug and tell me he doesn't really want anything.
The thing is, I'm sure he doesn't. He's one of the most laid-back, non-materialistic person I know. His contracting job doesn't exactly require suits or anything, so he wears his jeans and t-shirts until they fall apart. He has one suit and 2 nice pair of jeans and a handful of decent shirts. He doesn't need anything else, and if he does, he buys it. He never wants anything more than a good meal, and if he does - like a new reel or a new table saw - he generally buys it.
But I thought of the perfect thing! I thought this could be a thread in which to celebrate the perfect gifts we're giving, because, if you're like me, you hate giving gift cards and rack your brain in order to find a present that fits the person.
My gift: Kid Rock tickets.
My husband loves Kid Rock and thinks he puts on one hell of a show (which he does). He really loves the new song "Born Free." My stepdaughter loves that song too, and my husband said if Kid Rock put on a show nearby, we'd take our stepdaughter for her first concert.
Well, Kid Rock isn't touring anywhere near us.
The closest place - on a Saturday so that we

########
Rank: 24
Score: 24.062937
Retrieved Text: Dhavan had Rs.12.30, Bikram had Rs.8.25 and Alisha had Rs.14.15. If rounded to the nearest one rupee (after adding), about how much money did they have altogether?
This picture shows the money that Shankar has after selling books.
What is the total amount of money he has?
Kesu paints rocks and sells them to earn money. On Saturday, he sold one rock for Rs.3.75 and another for Rs.3.45. How much money did he make by selling two rocks?
How many 25–paise coins will you get for a 5–rupee coin?
Round Rs.45.75 to the nearest ten rupees.
If the cost of 1 packet of milky bar is Rs.10, how many packets can I get for Rs. 60 with the free offer shown?
See the table to answer this question. How much change should Danny get, if he pays Rs. five for one vanilla ice cream?
This is a part of milky bar chocolate packet wrapper. Which of these can be found out from the information on it?
A. The number of bars in this packet.
B. The weight of 50 packets.
C. The cost per 50 kg of bars.
D. The price of the packet.
See the table to answer this question. Vinny wants to buy one vanilla and one strawberry ice cream. How much does she have to pay altogether?
Nishad goes to the market with Rs. 20 and buys two of the following items. How much money will he be left with?
See the table to answer this question. Aman ordered a Butter Pecan ice cream and a Chocolate ice cream. If he pays Rs.10, how much change should he

########
Rank: 25
Score: 24.04206
Retrieved Text: Bvb Shoes For Sale ootball shirt main city under replica football shirt mountain United Kingdom football kits God. Even replica football shirt former Silvermoon City can not match. However, replica football shirt traffic volume here cheap football shirts still quite a lot, and most United Kingdom football kits replica football shirtm are pulling goods, obviously a kind United Kingdom football kits merchants. In fact, only businessmen can United Kingdom football kitsten reach thcheap football shirts kind United Kingdom football kits borderland. football shirts general monsters will deliberately stay bvb shoes for sale away from such places. After all, replica football shirtre are many dcheap football shirtsasters in replica football shirt border. If. you accidentally lose your head, cheap football kitsnshan will not help you revenge. Looking for a pub inter away shirt to go in, Ye Shao prepared to rest for a night, tomorrow to find a caravan to leave replica football shirt mountain, anyway, here, even if replica football shirt Jinwu family knows hcheap football shirts whereabouts, it has not been able to catch up, so he cheap football shirts not in a hurry bvb shoes for sale to leave. Small two, give me a quiet room, replica football shirtn come to some dcheap football shirtshes. As soon as he entered replica football shirt pub, Ye Sha did not bvb shoes for sale hesitate to say to replica football shirt second store that welcomed him. football shirts latter nodded with joy and took replica football shirt leaf and went upstairs. Some United Kingdom football kits

########
Rank: 26
Score: 23.920305
Retrieved Text: Understanding about outfit in dressing is very necessary to care. Not only women who like to match the outfit, but men also like to pay attention to how to dress. How to dress for men is more simple and casual than women’s outfits that can be considered quite complicated. For men, choosing clothes becomes complicated. it doesn’t mean that men cannot choose, but because man don’t like it too much in terms of choosing clothes. However, if men doesn’t notice how to dress, it will make you can’t attract a woman’s attention.
Now, there are many kinds of men’s outfits, although not as much as the type of women’s outfit. Therefore, men must be smart to choose the clothes that are suitable for wear. For men who like a simple and casual style, look casual in accordance with the actual body posture attracts the attention of women. A simple blend of T-shirts and Jeans is right to make women fascinated, which must be considered is the selection of T-shirts and Jeans that fit with your posture. But, there are men who like to wear shirts as clothes when hanging out with friends. If you want to look more formal, you can also wear t-shirts combined with a suit. It will make you look more authoritative. You also have to know, Denim is a choice that is never wrong when used by men, especially when denim is not just a jeans pants, you can find denim in the form of shirts, jackets and hoodies. So, denim is the

########
Rank: 27
Score: 23.855892
Retrieved Text: -Fine, thank you. How are you ?
-Fine, thanks. What are you wearing today?
I am wearing a ……………………….
A boy comes to a shop. He wants to buy jeans trousers, a white shirt and trainers. The shop assistant doesn’t understand the word “trainers”and he asks the boy to tell him what it means. The boy says that “trainers” are sport shoes. The shop-assistant brings black jeans trousers. But he boy says that he wants blue jeans. The shop-assistant brings him blue jeans and asks if the boy wants to buy them. The boy wants to try them on. He asks if they are the right size. He tries them on. The trousers suit him, they are his size.Then he tries some shirts on, he dos not like one shirt, then he tries on another shirt and he wants to buy it. He buys trainers, they are his size. He asks the price. He pays for the clothes and buys them. He goes away.
-Yes, can I help you?
Տվյալ բառերով կազմել նախադասություններ: Օր.՝ This is my father. He is a worker.
-I am fine, thank you.How are you?
-A am a doctor. What are you?
Լեզվական նյութ՝ can, have got, there is….. there are…..
Նա վարորդ է: Նայիր նրան.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 23.852964
Retrieved Text: You have two lengths of rope. Each rope has the property that if you light it on fire at one end, it will take exactly 60 minutes to burn to the other end. Note that the ropes will not burn at a consistent speed the entire time (for example, it's possible that the first 90% of a rope will burn in 1 minute, and the last 10% will take the additional 59 minutes to burn). Given these two ropes and a matchbook, can you find a way to measure out exactly 45 minutes?
The key observation here is that if you light a rope from both ends at the same time, it will burn in 1/2 the time it would have burned in if you had lit it on just one end. Using this insight, you would light both ends of one rope, and one end of the other rope, all at the same time. The rope you lit at both ends will finish burning in 30 minutes. Once this happens, light the second end of the second rope. It will burn for another 15 minutes (since it would have burned for 30 more minutes without lighting the second end), completing the 45 minutes.
How much dirt would be in a hole 6 feet deep and 6 feet wide that has been dug with a square edged shovel?
None. No matter how big a hole is, it's still a hole: the absence of dirt. And those of you who said 36 cubic feet are wrong for another reason, too.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 23.775152
Retrieved Text: What kind of life insurance policy is the best for me?
What Kind of Life Insurance Policy is Best for Me?
When you boil it down, there are really only two kinds of life insurance policies. One type of life insurance policy offers only temporary coverage is usually sold as Term Life Insurance. The other offers permanent coverage, which is designed to last a lifetime and is typically sold as Whole Life or Universal Life Insurance.
Term Life Insurance is available in various different durations, typically 10, 15, 20, 25. 30 or 35 years. Generally, premiums are guaranteed to remain level for the term you select. If one of these durations is long enough for you, and you’re not concerned about outliving the coverage, then term insurance may be perfect for you.
It also happens to be simple and extremely inexpensive. In fact, term rates have fallen considerably since the mid-90s. Pretty much every other product or service you can think of has gotten more expensive.
Bottom line: today, you can buy a lot more coverage for a lot less money. Watch this video to learn more about how to figure out how much life insurance you should buy.
Permanent life insurance policies come in many forms, but the two main ones are whole life and universal life. Both types can be designed with level premiums for life.
The best type of life insurance to own is the kind that’s in force on the day you die. If your policy isn’t in force on the day you die, you bought the wrong kind.

================



======= Instance Index 5790 =========
Input Text: Read the following conversation and answer the question.

M: It's about 2300 km by train from Guangzhou to Beijing.

W: Ok, it's about 500 km farther than from Guangzhou to Shanghai.

Question: How many kilometers by train is it from Guangzhou to Shanghai? 

- About 2300 km.

- About 1800 km.

- About 2800 km.

Target Text: About 1800 km.

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 37.51144
Retrieved Text: There are many rivers and sea to navigate in China, but nowadays passenger ferries are on decline because of trains and buses are significantly faster.
The Yangzi, the third longest river in the world, travels thousands of kilometers between eastern part of the Tibetan plateau and East China Sea at Shanghai. It is a legendary trip which takes you through the famous Three Gorges.
Another interesting journey is the overnight spin up the Xi River between Wuzhou and Guangzhou, which provide an access to the famous splendor spots around Guilin.
Despite of traveling on a boat is not always the fastest or cheapest method of transport; it might be a refreshing change from the routine of bus or train travel. Conditions on board are diverse. If you will stay all the night on the boat, you might sleep on a bamboo mat on the floor or in a luxury private cabin.
In general, you must not expect very much, because the service is just normal or poor, except boats that leave from Hong Kong to Xiamen, Shanghai and other cities. These boats can be pleasure to ride. They are fresh, comfortable and spacious.
There is also a boat to Japan via Shanghai for around 150 dollars.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 34.326347
Retrieved Text: Lanzhou Zhongchuan Airport (ZGC) is located about 70 kilometers (43.5 miles) from the downtown area. More than 30 airlines connect Lanzhou to the outside world, with daily flights to and from Beijing, Shanghai, Guangzhou, Shenzhen and Xi'an.
Lanzhou Railway Station is located in the south downtown. There are altogether 45 daily rail departures from Lanzhou, connecting Lanzhou to other cities such as Beijing, Shanghai, Nanjing,Qingdao, Jinan, Shijiazhuang, Zhengzhou, Guangzhou, Changsha, Wuhan, Chengdu, Xian, Xining, Urumqi and Hohhot. Express trains also run to Xining, Yumen, Zhangye, Pingliang and Golmud.
Lanzhou is the hub of the road transportation system in Gansu Province with Lanzhou East Bus Station and Lanzhou West Bus Station being the two largest.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 34.147377
Retrieved Text: Lhasa Gonggar Airport is located in Gonggar County, approximately 65 kilometers southwest of the urban area of Lhasa. Round-trip between Chengdu and Lhasa has the largest number of flights, passengers are advised to go to Lhasa from Chengdu transit.
From May to October per year is the tourist season so that tickets leaving to and from Lhasa are very tight. You are proposed to buy return tickets in advance to arrange the trip. In addition, there are every day flights from Lhasa to Beijing, Shanghai, Guangzhou, Shenzhen, Chongqing and Chengdu while there doesn’t flights to other cities is every day. You’d better check the flight information before you travel.
It takes about an hour from the airport to the downtown by airport bus and the ticket price is 25 yuan. The bus set out every hour from 6:30am to 19:30pm.
It takes about 40 minutes from the airport to downtown by taxi and it costs about 150 yuan.
Lhasa Railway Station has only one railway, also known as legendary Tin Road - Qinghai - Tibet Railway. It stops along the way Golmud, Xining, Lanzhou, Xi'an, Zhengzhou and other sites. The railway can reach Beijing, Guangzhou, Chengdu, Shanghai and other places. Lhasa railway station is located in the southwest of Lhasa, about 8 km from the city center.
You can take No. 1, 13 and 14 bus to get there and the ticket price is 1 yuan.
Lhasa has four relatively large passenger station, the western suburbs Terminal, the eastern suburbs Terminal, the northern suburb Terminal and Liuwu Terminal. At present, if you

########
Rank: 3
Score: 33.859913
Retrieved Text: Anshun Huangguoshu Airport, 6 kilometers from city center, is just seated on the “Golden Tourism Route” to Huangguoshu Waterfall and Dragon Cave. Transformed from a military airfield, the airport now opens daily flights to Beijing, Guangzhou, Qingdao, Kunming, Chongqing, and Jinan.
Located in the central position of China’s southwest region, Anshun enjoys a quite easy rail transportation with the Guiyang-Kunming Railway throughout the whole city and other important railways connecting with its nearby provinces.
Anshun Train Station is situated at the end of Nanhua Road. It operates daily tourist special train to and fro the provincial capital city Guiyang, as well as direct trains to Kunming, Chongqing, Beijing, Shanghai, and so on.
There are two main coach bus stations in Anshun, the South Station and the West Station.
The South Station stands opposite to the Qiandong Department across the street on Nanhua Road, with easy walking distance to the train station. The coach buses mainly depart for Guiyang, Liuzhi Special District, Xingyi, Zhijin, etc.
The West Station is beside the Public Security Officers on the Taxi Road. Travelers can get there by public buses No.1 or 2. It has the same coach lines as those in South Station; in addition, it also has coaches to the surrounding tourist attractions to Puding, Getu River Scenic Area and Huajiang Canyon.
Both of the above two stations have shuttle busses to Huangguoshu Waterfall Scenic Area, which is about 40 kilometers away. Buses between the capital city Guiyang and Anshun are available every 20 minutes in the day time, and the drive takes only 2 hours.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 33.528202
Retrieved Text: Since Shanghai Metro Line 9 opened last year, the stretch from Guilin Road to Yishan Road has been served only by a shuttle bus.
No more: as of 28 December 2008, you can now take a Line 9 metro train directly to/from Yishan Road, where you can interchange with Line 3 and Line 4.
The Explore Shanghai metro map has been updated to show this new connection. If you drag between two stations to plot a route, you’ll now see the new faster times.
This entry was posted in newlines, shanghai on December 29, 2008 by matt.
Several people have noticed the fun loading messages which appear while our metro maps for Shanghai, Beijing and Guangzhou are loading.
To celebrate the festive season, we’ve written some new loading messages with the theme “Christmas with Chinese characteristics”. Check it out on one of our maps: SH BJ GZ.
This entry was posted in beijing, fun, guangzhou, shanghai on December 8, 2008 by matt.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 33.12183
Retrieved Text: – china tours & travel china feels like a hundred different moods landscapes and countries rolled into one neon cities remote villages deserts smoky markets and ancient artefacts there are new adventures around every corner you ll never run out of things to see taste admire and experience train travel in china a beginner s guide train times fares & how to tickets for train travel in china including trains from beijing to xian beijing to hong kong and beijing to guangzhou also the train from beijing to lhasa in tibet shows what are the trains like and how to chinese train tickets at the station or online information on ferries from shanghai to japan .
– train travel in china a beginner s guide train times fares & how to tickets for train travel in china including trains from beijing to xian beijing to hong kong and beijing to guangzhou also the train from beijing to lhasa in tibet shows what are the trains like and how to chinese train tickets at the station or online information on ferries from shanghai to japan exo travel agent hub your source for travel tools and the exo travel agent hub contains everything you need to easily and efficiently make a booking for your clients with exo travel travel agent terbaik di indonesia transaksi perjalanan anda dijamin aman didukung dengan sistem teknologi reservasi dan verifikasi terkini yang terpercaya travelagent i luxury holidays and cruises i tailor made cape safari & falls cape town to chobe or victoria falls 11

########
Rank: 6
Score: 33.118454
Retrieved Text: 3. Advanced surface treatment of drawbench polishing, mirror polishing, anodizing in stainless steel color and abrasive silver oxidizing etc. enables both desirable appearance and endurance.
Shanghai Line 4, Guangzhou line 3, Shanghai Line 1 Expansion, Guangzhou Line 2&8, Guangzhou Line 3 Northern Extension, Beijing Line 9, Shenzhen Line 5, Chongqing Line 3, Turkey Project, Shenzhen Line 2 Testing Train, Shanghai Line 11, Ningbo Line 1, Wuhan Line 4, Shanghai Line 11 Southern Part.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 32.76436
Retrieved Text: While searching for flights to Asia, I noticed some pretty good deals over the summer for Business Class travel to China, especially Shanghai.
Flights between Vancouver and Shanghai are usually around $1000-1400 in Economy Class, though over the summer (most days in August and September) flights from Vancouver to Shanghai are around $2,300 (~C$2,900). With the flat beds in these flights, to extra space and better food and amenities onboard the flight, plus the bonus miles and I think it is quite worth it to spend the extra money on these flights.
These flights are operated by Delta and there are some routings that could potentially increase the miles such as routing via Los Angeles. An example itinerary could be from Vancouver – Los Angeles – Shanghai Pudong – Seattle Tacoma – Vancouver flying between 9 – 16 August for $2,293 (~C$2,857). With this itinerary, I could probably earn around 18,419 miles if I credit these miles to Alaska Airlines Mileage Plan, of which Delta is one of their partners. I would probably not take these flights for the purpose of getting the miles but this is a pretty good deal for a Trans-Pacific flight for anyone planning a holiday over the summer to visit Shanghai.
The flights are bookable via Delta’s website directly and if you have the time, there are some other options onboard China Southern which could increase the miles as they fly from Vancouver to Guangzhou to Shanghai with the Vancouver to Guangzhou flight being operated by a 787. The return trip could be routed

########
Rank: 8
Score: 32.61536
Retrieved Text: The Liangjiang International Airport of Guilin, 30 kilometers to the downtown city, provides more than 60 lines to most popular tourist cities of mainland China, to Hong Kong, Macao, as well as to some foreign countries, such as Fukuoka of Japan, Cheju of South Korea, Singapore, Thailand, Malaysia, and so on.
Shuttle buses, which are available till late night, run between the airport and Air Aviation Hotel (in downtown Guilin) every 30 minutes. And the ride will take about 40 minutes.
Guilin is an important hub in Chinese railway network, which provides daily services to almost every major city of the country. There are two train stations in Guilin, the Northern Train Station and the Southern Train Station (or Guilin Station in short), the later of which is the major one located in the intersection of Shanghai Road and Zhongshan South Road.
There are three bus stations in Guilin. The most important one is located in No.427, Zhongshan South Road, about 10-minute walk to Guilin Train Station. It has daily coaches to almost every county and town within Guangxi Province, and various cities of Guangdong and Hunan provinces. Shuttle buses to surrounding tourist attractions are also available and the buses to Yangshuo are in the square in the front of the Guilin Train Station.
Guilin’s waterway is based on Xiang River and Li River. Along the Li River, it can reach Wuzhou City and then to join the Zhujiang River to get to Guangzhou, Hong Kong and Macao.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 32.47532
Retrieved Text: Working here, living there: the amount of long-distance commuters in China is escalating at an impressive speed especially in major cities and metropolises.
Like many other countries, more job opportunities and higher living costs makes young people work in big cities and live in smaller towns or cities nearby. As a result, people nowadays spend more than twice as long commuting as they used to. It’s pretty common for people working in Beijing or Shanghai to spend more than 4 hours commuting every day. They call themselves “super commuters”.
So, what’s their daily life like?
People waiting in line for the Beijing to Yanjiao (Hebei province) inter-city bus, a small town located east of Beijing. A one-way journey usually takes around 3 hours.
In 2015, the Beijing-Yanjiao high-speed inter-city train was first introduced to commuters, saving on average 60 minutes travel time each day.
In 2013, Shanghai subway line 11 became the first inter-city subway in China connecting Shanghai and Kunshan, a small city in Jiangsu province located northwest of Shanghai. It now only takes 1.5 hours from Kunshan to downtown Shanghai.
Shi Guangjian is a Cantonese working in Guangzhou, the capital city of Guangdong province. In order to “live in a bigger place,” he brought an apartment in Foshan, another city next to Guangzhou. Having to drive almost 100 km per day to work, he still thinks it’s a better choice rather than owning a small condo in Guangzhou.
Having been working in Macau for a decade, media specialist Yao Wenlong still sticks to the same lifestyle he had a ten years

########
Rank: 10
Score: 32.314396
Retrieved Text: Shanghai's ever-growing subway network stretches across 588 kilometers and is currently the longest in the world. The goal is to extend the network to 800 kilometers by 2020. Expect more sections of Shanghai to become linked, making transport around the city and further afield even more convenient.
The South Extension of Line 5 and Phase 2 and 3 of Line 13 have just commenced operation. The south extension of Line 5 includes nine new stations and is currently the only metro line to connect Fengxian to the downtown area. Phase 3 of Line 13 starts from Huaxia Zhong Lu and end at Zhangjiang Lu. Together, they add 12 new stations to the line. Commuters can also anticipate a new Metro Line 18 operating by 2020, which will link the districts of Baoshan and Pudong.
Subway expansions for the future also extend out of the city, with a new metro line connecting Shanghai and Suzhou under construction. The line will stretch over 41 kilometers, contain 27 stops and terminate at Shanghai Metro's Line 11 Huaqiao Station. It is set to be completed in 2023.
Set your sights on the new Shanghai-Hong Kong express train in 2019. This new highspeed journey, which launched in September 2018, takes approximately eight hours and will set you back just over RMB1,000 for a single trip.
Those looking for a cultural, scenic getaway will soon enjoy the new 'Golden Tourist Highway.' Connecting the Zhejiang capital of Hangzhou to Huangshan via a new train line, the journey will take a mere 90 minutes. Once the new train

########
Rank: 11
Score: 32.297283
Retrieved Text: After IE expo China 2018’s record results in May, the southern Chinese subsidiary fair IE expo Guangzhou held 1,500 kilometers further south continued the upward trend. 505 companies from 15 countries—and thus almost 20 percent more than last year—presented themselves from September 18 to 20, 2018 in the China Import and Export Fair Complex in Guangzhou. Also attendance-wise the trade show has grown: 26,493 trade visitors mean a plus of 7 percent.
Pictures are available on request. For further information on IE expo Guangzhou please visit gz.ie-expo.com.
Messe München’s competence in organizing environmental-technology events is demonstrated not only in the world´s leading trade fair for the sector, IFAT, but also in a range of other international trade exhibitions around the world. The spectrum encompasses IFAT Africa in Johannesburg, IFAT Eurasia in Istanbul, IFAT India in Mumbai, as well as IE expo in Shanghai and Guangzhou.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 32.144577
Retrieved Text: The government has denied a report saying that there will only be one non-stop train to Guangzhou scheduled per day for the upcoming Guangzhou-Shenzhen-Hong Kong Express Rail Link (XRL).
A Ming Pao report on Tuesday quoted a 2009 document from the MTR Corporation, citing a China Railway Siyuan Survey and Design Group Co Ltd study. It said there would be 190 trains departing from the West Kowloon Terminus, among which 96 percent would be trains with intermediate stops. Only eight direct trains to Shenzhen or Guangzhou would be running, it said.
“The details of operation mentioned in China Railway Siyuan’s report are only for reference in planning the train schedule and are not the final operation plan for the XRL. Till now, the actual train schedule of the XRL has not yet been finalised,” a spokesman for the Transport and Housing Bureau said.
Guangzhou South station. Photo: Wikimedia Commons.
The spokesman said that according to China Railway Siyuan’s final report in 2009, in the initial years of the commissioning of the XRL, there would be 90 and 24 daily round-trips for short-haul shuttle services between Hong Kong and the Shenzhen and Guangzhou areas respectively.
Of these 114 daily round-trip short-haul services, 61 of them – around 54 percent – would be direct trains. This includes eleven, five and 45 pairs of direct trains running between the West Kowloon Terminus and Guangzhou South Station, Humen Station, and Futian Station respectively.
The government has said that one of the benefits of the XRL was that the travelling time between Hong Kong and Guangzhou by

########
Rank: 13
Score: 32.01039
Retrieved Text: Shijiazhuang – The capital of Hebei Province, living expense is quite low.
Shijiazhuang Zhengding Airport is located in the Northeast of Shijiazhuang, 32 kilometers away from the city. The airport has opened over 40 air routes such as the flights to Hong Kong, Beijing, Zhengzhou, Changsha, Guangzhou, Nanjing, Shanghai, Chengdu, Kunming, Xiamen, Shenzhen, etc. There are international flights to Russia in Zhengding Airport as well.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 31.72647
Retrieved Text: Zhuhai is a city with a beautiful environment and pleasant climate.It is a special economic zone in China. It is located in the south-east of China;it is adjacent to Macau and is not far from Hongkong. It is an important city in the south of the Pearl River Delta. Zhuhai has the longest coastline and most isles among all the cities in the Pearl River Delta.
Zhuhai is a warm and mild city. The annual average temperature is 22.3°C(72.14°F) while the highest temperature is 38.7°C(101.66°F)and the lowest is 2.5°C(36.5°F). The annual precipitation is 1,770-2,300 millimeters. The rainy season is from April to September.
Zhuhai is also a city which suffers from typhoons and rainstorms every year. The typhoons usually occur from June to October, four times each year. Serious typhoons may occur once a year. The heavy rain storms occur about five times each year.
Zhuhai Sanzao Airport is about 35 kilometers from the downtown area. It has routes to more than 30 domestic cities such as Beijing, Shanghai, Tianjin, Guilin, Qingdao, Hangzhou, Nanjing, Chengdu, Kunming, Xi&apos;an and Xiamen.
Zhuhai Jiuzhou Port has regular boats to Hong Kong and Shenzhen.
From Zhuhai to Guangzhou, you can take a bullet train (light rail) which takes about one hour. The boarding point in Zhuhai is Zhuhai North Railway Station, in Xiangzhou District.
There are three bus stations in Zhuhai. If you take an intercity bus to Guangzhou, it takes about two hours.
The public buses in the city area in Zhuhai are 2 yuan per person per time. Please prepare small notes, because you won&apos;t

########
Rank: 15
Score: 31.723701
Retrieved Text: Hong Kong is a highly prosperous international metropolis, 130 kilometers away from Guangzhou, with a total population of 7.498 million. It is one of the regions with the highest population density in the world. Many tourists go to Hong Kong through Guangzhou Baiyun Airport every year. Below we will list several ways to get to Hong Kong from Guangzhou Baiyun Airport, hoping you can find one way that suits you.
It takes about 4 hours to take the subway then take train from Guangzhou Baiyun Airport to Hong, and the cost is about HK 190.
The advantage of this scheme is that it is more economical, but the disadvantage is that it needs to carry luggage up and down, purchase tickets, transfer, wait and walk more and more laboriously.
After arriving at Guangzhou Baiyun Airport to pick up luggage, walk to the airport’s south subway station for about 500 meters, walk for about 8 minutes, take Line 3 for 10 stops, the fare is about 7 yuan per person, and get off at guangzhou east railway station. If it takes about 3 minutes at each stop, it takes about 30 minutes in total. After arriving in guangzhou east railway station, take your luggage and walk out of the subway to the ticket office of the Guangzhou-Kowloon through train. If you can’t find it, you can inquire in the subway and go out from the corresponding subway entrance to prevent the subway entrance from going wrong. The ticket office of the Guangzhou-Kowloon through train is open from 7: 20 to

########
Rank: 16
Score: 31.498865
Retrieved Text: Find cheap Guangzhou China to Fuyang China flights with our free search service. Compare all available fares for direct or connection flights from Guangzhou to Fuyang.
What is the distance between Guangzhou and Fuyang?
The average distance from Guangzhou to Fuyang is 1099 kilometers (equals to 683 miles or 593 nautical miles). Your flight will departure from Guangzhou, China and arrive on Fuyang, China.
How long is the flight from Guangzhou to Fuyang?
How much is the fare for flight between Guangzhou and Fuyang?
The average price for one-way airfare from Guangzhou to Fuyang is 138 USD (none-taxes) for economy class.
How many flights fly from Guangzhou to Fuyang on the daily basis?

########
Rank: 17
Score: 31.409504
Retrieved Text: Skyscanner is a simple and efficient travel search engine which focuses on comparing travel prices. We compare the flights prices from Guangzhou (CAN) to Shanghai (CSHA) from different airlines and travel agents, including traditional airlines’ flights and budget airlines’ flights, to help you find the cheapest flight tickets from Guangzhou (CAN) to Shanghai (CSHA).
To make sure you can book the cheapest flight tickets from Guangzhou (CAN) to Shanghai (CSHA), we recommend some tips for you: Tips to book the cheapest flights and hotels and Where to find the cheapest flight tickets . These articles will give you some practical tips about when to book cheap flight tickets.
Make use of Skyscanner ‘Price Alert’ to keep track of flight prices change. What you need to do is to click the “Price Alert” button on the top left corner to sign up, then you can get the latest information of the flights from Guangzhou to Shanghai regularly. Besides, Skyscanner prepares a guide How to sign up Price Alerts on Skyscanner to help you create the price alerts of flights from Guangzhou (CAN) to Shanghai (CSHA).
Looking for last-minute cheap flight tickets from Guangzhou (CAN) to Shanghai (CSHA)? Before booking flights from Guangzhou (CAN) to Shanghai (CSHA), Learn the seven skills to buy cheap flights .
Which airlines fly direct to Guangzhou (CAN) to Shanghai (CSHA).
Skyscanner App will keep track your flights from Guangzhou (CAN) to Shanghai (CSHA) including the latest flight departure and arrival times. We’ll keep you posted with the latest schedule information and send you important flight updates for

########
Rank: 18
Score: 31.237663
Retrieved Text: High-speed trains recently started running from Chengdu and Chongqing to Beijing and to Shanghai, which makes significant reductions in the journey times between the cities.
High-speed sleeper trains from Chengdu, the capital of Sichuan province cut train travel time between the cities to 15 hours.
The first bullet train, number D318, left Chengdu at 15:50 and arrived in Beijing at 07:30 the next morning. The high-speed train traversed several railway lines, including the Suining-Chengdu line, the Dazhou-Chengdu Line, and the Beijing-Guangzhou line and stops at two intermediate stations — Nanchong and Shijiangzhuang — before arriving at Beijing West Railway Station.
Another bullet train from Chengdu left at 17:15 and arrived in Shanghai at 08:50 the next morning, traversing several railway lines including the Suining-Chengdu line, the Hefei-Wuhan line, and the Shanghai-Ningbo line. The route has four intermediate stops –Nanchong, Hefei, Nanjing, and Suzhou — before arriving at Shanghai Hongqiao Railway Station.
On the same day a bullet train started running from Chongqing to Beijing, cutting the journey time by nine hours to less than 16 hours.
Bullet train number D320 leaves Chongqing North Railway Station on 16:15, passing three stations, namely Dazhou, Shijiazhuang, and Baoding.
A bullet train also started running between Chongqing and Shanghai on the same day. Train number D354 left Chongqing at 18:10. Travel time between the two cities is shortened by 13 hours.
Passengers can buy tickets up to 20 days in advance of their journey and the tickets go on sale at 15:00 every day.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 31.141735
Retrieved Text: A spectacular area stretching over 260 square kilometers in China’s Hunan Province, Wulingyuan is a home of more than 3,000 narrow sandstone pillars and peaks, many over 200 meters high. Between the peaks lie ravines and gorges with streams, pools and waterfalls, some 40 caves, and two large natural bridges. In addition to the striking beauty of the landscape, the area is also noted for great varieties of endangered plants and animals.
Located in northwest Hunan Province and covering an area of 369 square kilometers, the Wulingyuan Scenic Area comprises the Zhangjiajie National Forest Park in Zhangjiajie City, the Suoxiyu Nature Reserve in Cili County, the Tianzi Nature Reserve and the Yangjia-jie Scenic Area in Sangzhi County. It is famous for its “five wonders”, namely queer peaks, tranquil valleys, elegant rivers, deep forests and ancient karst caves. It is ranked as a national AAAAA tourist area.
Wulingyuan features some 3,000 towering sandstone pillars and peaks, 243 of which are more than 1,000 meters high and most are over 200 meters high. Of these, the Imperial Pen Peak, in excess of 100 meters above sea level, has several parallel apexes of different heights. It is regarded as being the best representative of the peaks at Wulingyuan.
There are 32 streams, each with a length of at least 2,000 meters, in the Wulingyuan Scenic Area, and the Gold Whip Stream and the Suoxi River both run through it. The Gold Whip Stream was formed naturally and gets its name because it passes by the Gold Whip Rock. It extends 5,700 meters

########
Rank: 20
Score: 31.126867
Retrieved Text: Testing of the Guangzhou-Shenzhen-Hong Kong Express Rail Link began on April 1 ahead of its anticipated opening in September.
During the trial period, passengerless high-speed trains will travel every day through four stations in Southern China – Guangzhou South Railway Station, Shenzhen North Railway Station, Shenzhen Futian Railway Station, and West Kowloon Railway Station in Hong Kong.
The express train will offer convenient and fast links in the region with the trip from Hong Kong to Shenzhen taking only 15 minutes, while the Hong Kong to Guangzhou journey lasting around 45 minutes. The total length of the railway is about 140 kilometers.
The new rail will further secure Hong Kong’s position as a regional transportation hub and is expected to bring about more economic opportunities. In addition, the service will connect Hong Kong with the national high-speed rail network, which is the largest in the world.
Many Hong Kong residents say the link will be a boon for residents looking for shorter journey times.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 31.046616
Retrieved Text: Photos of attractive riders featured on a British site are trending in Guangzhou and Shanghai.
A friend of mine met her now-serious boyfriend on public transportation, when she saw him at a bus stop and initiated a conversation. That's one way to go about dealing with an attractive person on a bus or a train. Another, less well-adjusted way is to take a smartphone photo of that person and submit it to a website that showcases cute commuters.
What is the appeal of these London commuters for Chinese internet users? "When Chinese people think about British men, we think they're true gentlemen, because of their good manners and politeness," says Ruhua Xianyu of the BBC's Chinese Service. "It's more about the perceived quality of the man himself, than how he looks."
Well, how they look is definitely a part of it. One of the comments the BBC translated from China's microblogging site Weibo makes that clear: "Handsome people really look good in anything."
Whether it's the outer or (perceived) inner beauty of these commuters that's drawing crowds, a bulk of the admirers are from China. The co-founder of tubecrush.net told the BBC that China is the third-biggest source of visitors to the site, with "most traffic coming from Guangzhou and Shanghai."
The site might even help improve the desirability of the London tube system. One of the commenters has been translated as saying: "I want to take Tubes everyday!"

########
Rank: 22
Score: 30.978045
Retrieved Text: 1. Fair Name: "Canton Fair" or "China Import and Export Fair"
Heng'An steam car washer&industrial steam cleaner has participated in Canton Fair, Shanghai Frankford hold Automekenika Fair, AAITF, CIAAF, CCE, etc. But this 116th, we do not have plan to join it. However, we are very near to Canton Fair venue, we are just on the boarder of Gunagzhou and Foshan. If by car, it will just be 30 minutes away from Guangzhou Baiyun International Airport to us, or 15 minutes away from Guangzhou Railway Station(Guangzhou Train Station) to us, 30minutes from Canton Fair.
As a professional manufacturer of top quality steam cleaners, Hengyan welcome all customers coming for Canton Fair can drop a visit to us if they have interests, we can show machine demonstration performance.
Any questions on Heng'An steam cleaner or any other favor we can do, please feel free to contact with us.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 30.95762
Retrieved Text: There are many trains that make their way to Guilin from the other parts of China From Guilin train station you can take a bus directly outside the train station toward Yangshuo, or we can arrange a taxi for you if your tell us your exact arrival date, time and train number.
From Guilin, there are frequent minibuses and express buses to Yangshuo. All buses terminate at the bus terminal in Yangshuo. Minibuses depart from the square in front of the Guilin railway station (80-90 minutes, ¥18, buy tickets in the bus) or from the Guilin bus terminal off Zhongshan Zhong Lu.
Guangzhou--Yangshuo 5-6 times/Day about 7 hrs, Express bus recommended price: 200 Yuan. Buses from Guangdong really don't go to the bus station; they just let you off in town, a ten-minute walk from the main tourist area following the signs to West Street.
Shenzhen--Yangshuo 5-6 times/Day about 9 hrs, Express bus recommended price: 150-250 Yuan, depending on which station in Shenzhen and which bus.
Nanning-Yangshuo 3 times/Day. Express bus recommended price: 120 Yuan.
Guilin has an international airport, which is just 1.5 hrs from Yangshuo by taxi (280-300 Yuan to rent).We will arrange a pick-up service if you tell us your exact arrival date, time and flight reference. Guilin airport links with major domestic and some international cities.
Major cities in Europe or in USA have direct flights to Guangzhou (canton), Shenzhen or Shanghai, from there you can take a connecting flight to Guillin airport.
There are now regular non-stop flights from Bangkok to Guilin with Bangkok Air. There are also

########
Rank: 24
Score: 30.929327
Retrieved Text: By planeXi'an Xianyang International Airport (IATA: XIY) is located 40 km northwest of the city centre, in Xianyang. Flights are available to Beijing, Chengdu, Chongqing, Dunhuang, Fuzhou, Guangzhou, Harbin, Hangzhou, Hohhot, Kunming, Lhasa, Lanzhou, Nanjing, Shanghai, Shenzhen, Urumqi, Wuhan, Xining and Zhangjiajie within China, International flights are available to Bangkok, Hong Kong, Macau, Seoul as well as Nagoya, Fukuoka, Niigata, Tokyo and Hiroshima in Japan, and Singapore via Kunming. As Xi'an is located in the heartland of China, it takes no more than 2 hours to fly to most major Chinese cities. AirAsia recently launched new route Bangkok-Xian.
The high speed train from Xi'an North to Luoyang-Longmen is now available many times a day, starting 7am. The distance of 400km takes about 1.5 hours. The high speed train station is located about 10km north from the Xi'an north gate (do not get mix up with the Xi'an North gate train station). The last train returns around 7pm. Schedules may change, so it is best to check it out at the station or website.
There are plenty of trains transporting passengers to and from most of the major cities inside China. Keep in mind train tickets may only be available if booked far in advance (most ticket sales open 10-21 days in advance; an agent can help book but will probably charge significant commission fees). Traveling in a seat (hard or soft-class) means you will share the car space with lots of locals. You will most likely encounter smokers, loud noise, and constant activity in the aisle while you

########
Rank: 25
Score: 30.753204
Retrieved Text: Hangzhou’s economy benefits from the diversity of industry based in the city. In addition, Hangzhou, despite its relative proximity to Shanghai, has a large service sector attracting many international offices and branches.
The city has been successful in attracting and developing investment in new industries, particularly ICT.
Recent transport investment will further enhance Hangzhou’s position as a manufacturing, service and logistics hub, not just for Zhejiang Province but for the YRD as a whole and other surrounding provinces and cities.
Vibrant private economy: private economy generates 60% of the total city GDP; Hangzhou has taken the first place in China for 12 years in terms of the amount of Top 500 private companies. E.g. Alibaba, Wahaha, Wanxiang Group, Geely etc.
Hangzhou is less than 2 hours from Shanghai, 5 hours from Beijing and just over 6 hours from Guangzhou by high speed train.
The city is served by a metro system with 3 lines and 50 stations with 5 more lines planned in the year ahead.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 30.72071
Retrieved Text: Jiujiang Mount Lu Airport is an airport served for civil usages in Jiujiang, Jiangxi Province. Located in the southern region of Jiujiang, the western gate of the airport is 33 kilometers from the urban center, merely 9.8 kilometers from the south gate of Mount Lu. The airport ranks 4C level, which is available for the taking off or landing of large or medium-sized aircrafts, including Boeing 737, Boeing 757 or Airbus 320. The terminal building takes up an area of 12,000 square meters. Directed lines are available from Jiujiang to metropolises including Beijing, Shanghai, Guangzhou, Haikou, Shenzhen, Xiamen and so forth.
Jiujiang Railway Station is located at Changhong Street, Mount Lu District, Jiujiang, which is 1314 kilometers from Beijing West Station. As a first-group level station under Nanchang railroad bureau, Jiujiang Station is a significant transportation hub in southern China, as well as a large station along the line from Beijing to Jiulong. A wide sort of services of air travel affairs are also provided in the station. Several significant lines, including Line Beijing-Jiulong, Line Hefei-Jiujiang, Line Wuhan-Jiujiang, Line Tongling-Jiujiang are reducing the remoteness of Jiujiang from other regions. It is estimated that by the end of 2020, there will be 18 lines running through Jiangxi Province via Jiujiang Station.
There are 10 coach stations within the city of Jiujiang, among which Jiujiang Coach Station is of most frequently usage. Jiujiang Coach Station includes 117 lines mainly directed to advanced cities, including Beijing, Shanghai, Zhejiang, Jiangsu and so forth. Up to 700 daily shifts are handling 11,000 tourists

########
Rank: 27
Score: 30.599066
Retrieved Text: My friends two people, and Shanghai, Shanghai travel September 29 to Guiyang Train (K111 time), 9:10 start the next day 11:37 assigned to the eastern city of Guizhou Province - Zhenyuan station. In the Chen-yuan and Guangzhou eight friends we will meet, Guangzhou, starting around 3:00 pm the train arrived at Chen-yuan.
On the train, we met a mid-sixties support from the Beijing home electrical engineer in Guiyang, fifties, when he talked about young volunteered to Guizhou to the determination, after I discovered that this is again to the backcountry place. That we have to travel to the Southeast, he was surprised, and think we really should go there places to go around, so we learned from the electrical engineers of the past and now Southeast and ethnic customs and natural scenery.
The train hit the bus from the train station, the fare two dollars, close to the original, and only ten minutes walk. Many private hotels in town, eight to ten yuan a bed, clean with hot water bath. The town is also two hotels, 120 yuan standard double room.
Zhenyuan city is small, the town museum, we first visited the museum, tickets copy. Chen-yuan is a historic city, the Qin Dynasty is like a county, the Han emperor 5 years (202 BC) is located not Zhongyang County. Hongwu Chen-yuan state home early, under the Hubei and Hunan. 11 years of Yongle (1413) set Zhenyuan House, Gaili Guizhou. Ming and Qing to the Republic, Chen-yuan as regional political and cultural center of eastern Guizhou.
Zhenyuan monuments have Dragon Cave,

########
Rank: 28
Score: 30.582603
Retrieved Text: As southern China’s primary transport hub, there is a strong chance you will spend a night or two in Guangzhou. Although known primarily for trade and commerce, there is much more to this city than meets the eye.
Guangzhou echoes Shanghai’s fabulous blend of tradition and innovation, with spectacularly lit, futuristic buildings like the Canton tower and Guangzhou Opera House standing alongside ancient temples and museums housing an abundance of historical treasures. Like Shanghai, the city's international trade roots manifest themselves in its colonial architecture, particularly in the old concession area of Shaiman Island and the impressive Sacred Heart Cathedral. With this rich blend of old and new, Guangzhou may start out as a stopover destination and end up being one of the highlights of your trip.
Flights: Baiyun International Airport is located around 30km north of Guangzhou city center. You can fly from here to many international destinations such as Southeast Asia, Europe, and North America. Flights to Beijing take around 3 hours and Shanghai can be reached in 2 hours 30 minutes. The airport is easily reached from downtown; you can either catch metro line 3 or take one of the several shuttle buses that regularly depart from the city.
Trains: A high-speed rail line connects Beijing and Guangzhou, with a journey time of 8-10 hours. There are also slower overnight trains available for the budget traveler. The city has three main train stations: Guangzhou main train station, which has daily trains to Lhasa (54 hours); Guangzhou south station, located 50 minutes from the city, which is

########
Rank: 29
Score: 30.258057
Retrieved Text: Film Slitting Machine Auto slitting machine is a complete set of equipment for full automatic roll trademark printing machine and roll die cutting machine. It is applicable to slit the narrow scope paper. The machine is of tight construction and is characterized by quickness, accurate slitting ease of operation and stable firm running.
items of any kind such as Soft Plastics are also recycled such as polyethylene film and bags.
Paper Tube Machine CE Certificate, Film Blowing Machine CE Certificate, Slitting Machine CE Certificate, Bag Making Machine CE Certificate.
2. If you take high speed bullet train to our city, Our train station is Ruian train station. It is 30 minutes from train station to out factory. You can fly to wenzhou airport from Shanghai, Beijing, Guangzhou first, Shanghai City is our nearest International city.It is 4hour and 30 minuets from Shanghai station to Ruian Station.
Our company will help you book the hotel and get the agreement favorable room rate for you, for those who need to book online or you local travel agent, we would like suggest for the hotel for you reference. About the food, We can arrange suitable Restaurant, such as Muslim food, Western-style food, Chinese food etc.
SUNLIGHT is your trusted source for the high quality automatic plastic pvc non woven roll film slitting cutting rewinding web converting turret rewinder machine as one of the leading manufacturers and suppliers of such machines. Our machines are all made under strict quality control and management system. Please be free to buy the low price machine with our company.

================



======= Instance Index 3420 =========
Input Text: Read the following conversation and answer the question.

Patient: Hi. Dr. Hyde?

Dentist: So, what's seems to be the problem today?

Patient: Well, I just came in for a check up and a dental cleaning.

Dentist: Hum. Open up. Let's take a look ...

Patient: Okay. Uh ...

Dentist: Hummmm. [Humm? Uh?] Wow! I've never seen one like THIS before. Let me try this.

Patient: Uhhh ... Ouhhhh [Man screaming in pain ...]

Dentist: Well, besides a lot of plaque buildup, there is a major cavity in one of your wisdom teeth. [I feel that.] Hasn't this given you any trouble?

Patient: Well, the tooth has been bothering me, and it sometimes hurts when I drink something cold. Does it look that bad?

Dentist: Well, we're going to remove the decay, and then we'll either put a filling in, or if the decay is extensive, we can't repair it, we might have to put a crown on your tooth. Or as a last resort, we may have to extract the tooth.

Patient: Uh, well, that sounds painful!

Dentist: Don't worry. I've done this ... once before. [Huh?] Nah, just relax.

Patient: Wait! Aren't you suppose to give me something to dull the pain?

Dentist: Uh, chicken. Oh yeah. I almost forgot. We can either use a local anesthetic or nitrous oxide ... laughing gas... to minimize the discomfort you might feel. Or you can just grin and bear it.

Patient: Nah, Nah, nah! Put me under! [I thought so.] I can't stand pain, and I'd rather not be aware of what's going on. And, if I need a filling, can I get one that looks like my other teeth?

Dentist: If we can save the tooth with a filling, I recommend a high-strength silver alloy filling instead of a porcelain one. It'll probably last longer.

Patient: Okay, well whatever. Let's get it over with.

Dentist: Okay, pleasant dreams. Drill please.

Question: What problem does the dentist discover when he takes a look in the patient's mouth? 

- The man has discolored teeth.

- The man has a chipped front tooth.

- The man has a decayed back tooth.

Target Text: The man has a decayed back tooth.

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 37.40257
Retrieved Text: Dr. Alan Green was attracted to dentistry because of its specific and mechanical nature: If a tooth was broken, it was a dentist's job to fix it. Job done.
When Green made the decision to go to dental school, he was working in medical records, where he saw the many variables that sometimes go into a medical diagnosis. He thought dentistry would be different, but a funny thing happened as he grew in his profession. He realized that dentistry was a lot more than carpentry work in the mouth. Tooth problems and dental health, he recognized, were inextricably entwined with overall health.
Green, of Natural Dentistry in Boulder, practices holistic dentistry.
The term has no specific definition, and the practice has no certification process, but in general it means looking at mouth issues such as cavities or broken teeth as part of a patient's whole health picture. That means looking at the individual patient and his other health concerns and sometimes working with complementary health practitioners such as acupuncturists or massage therapists.
In addition, a holistic practice eschews the use of amalgam fillings that contain mercury. Although the American Dental Association's position is that amalgam fillings are safe, some dentists choose to use composites and other types of materials when filling teeth.
Green's practice has been mercury free for 30 years, he says.
While a holistic practice may include complementary therapies, it also makes use of traditional dental techniques.
"If a tooth is broken, what does a dentist do? If it's not a deep injury, a crown is made," Green says.
What's different, however,

########
Rank: 1
Score: 36.903126
Retrieved Text: Michael Kutschmende, who has cerebral palsy, uses a wheelchair and cannot speak clearly, doesn't expect much from life.
But he wants his four gold teeth back. And he can't understand why his dentist won't hand them over.
It began in October when Kutschmende, 60, tried to take a few steps on the arm of his sister, Mary Ann, with whom he lives in Boynton Beach.
He tripped and fell hard on his face, cracking the false teeth that had been part of his mouth since he was a young man.
The man and his sister were directed to Boca Raton oral surgeon Ronald L. Rubin, who charged $401 to remove the broken teeth and the gold bridgework that held them together.
When Mary Ann Kutschmende said her brother wanted the gold back, the doctor said sorry, Occupational Safety and Health Administration rules prohibited it. Rubin called it bio-hazardous waste.
The Kutschmendes thought that was ridiculous. As Mary Ann put it: "It was in my brother's mouth for 40 years, how could it be a hazardous material?"
She suspects Rubin kept the gold to cash in for himself, an allegation the dentist vigorously denies.
As I began checking into the allegation, though, I found no rules or guidelines prohibiting the return of teeth and dental work. What I did find is a behind-the-scenes gold-recycling network in which dentists and oral surgeons commonly cash in old crowns and bridges at dental refineries, usually without the patient's knowledge.
Rubin said the gold teeth and bridge were "all broken and nasty looking" and he immediately discarded them in a

########
Rank: 2
Score: 36.227596
Retrieved Text: Looking for the best restorative dentist to fix all of your mouth problems? If you have some dental issues that need to be addressed so you can once again have good oral health, then finding the right dentist is going to be your first step.
If you are currently looking for a restorative dentist so you can have all of your mouth problems fixed once and for all, good for you! When your mouth is not in its best health, you are just not going to be able to do all of the things you can with a healthy mouth. For example, if you are missing any teeth that it is going to be hard for you to clean them, which is more than likely going to lead to tooth decay. If it hurts when you consume hot or cold drinks or foods it is because your teeth are sensitive, signifying another mouth problem.
Restorative dentistry focuses on how to restore a dental patient’s mouth so that it can perform and function exactly as it should. This can include providing them with one or two restorative procedures or many! It is going to merely depend on the particular needs of each dental patient when it comes to creating a treatment plan for restoring their mouth so that it can once again be a healthy mouth.
Is restorative dentistry the same as cosmetic dentistry?
No, it is not the same thing. The purpose of restorative dentistry is to make sure that the patient's mouth can function correctly, bringing it back to

########
Rank: 3
Score: 35.775673
Retrieved Text: Regular dental examinations are important for the health of your teeth, gums, and mouth, but what you may not know is that your dentist is also checking your mouth out for signs of oral cancer. Like most oral problems, oral cancer can be most easily treated when it is caught early, so it is important that you have regular screenings to detect the first sign of a problem.
An oral cancer screening will likely be a part of your regular oral exam, and you may not even know that your dentist has already been looking for signs of oral cancer.
He or she will examine the tongue and inside of your mouth in order to look for sores or discolored patches. Your dentist may feel around in your mouth to look for lumps and abnormalities, and if something unusual is found, further testing may be ordered.
If your dentist does find something suspicious and orders additional tests, you shouldn't be worried. Many benign conditions of the oral cavity can mimic cancerous lesions and are perfectly harmless. However, oral cancer screenings should be continued at least once per year to ensure the optimal health of your mouth.
While your dentist will be the best source of information about oral cancer, you don't have to wait until your next checkup to take a look at your own mouth. In fact, it is always a good idea to become familiar with your mouth structures so that you can identify areas that seem to have changed. Conducting self-exams in between your dental appointments could

########
Rank: 4
Score: 35.335575
Retrieved Text: There are many technological advances that dentists can use to help maintain your oral health. For a long time, standard cameras and x-rays were the norm. Then came digital x-rays and panoramic shots.
Now, your dentist should be using intraoral cameras to help maintain your oral health. These allow your dentist to see even minute changes that occur in your mouth, in real time. There are quite a few benefits that you and your dentist both get when they use intraoral cameras to help your mouth.
The biggest perk that most dental offices notice when they begin using intraoral cameras is that their patients are able to be much more interactive in their own care. Instead of just having to trust what the dentist says, they can see the things that the dentist sees and become more proactive. This helps them achieve higher levels of oral health, plus keeps them striving to better their own oral hygiene habits.
Another perk of using intraoral cameras is the ability for those cameras to pick up on changes going on within your mouth. The cameras are able to detect small changes, and the images can then be compared to the last set of images. This lets the patient and the dentist to work together to see what type of changes are going on in the patient's mouth.
Having intraoral cameras can make it to where dentists and their patients get closer, healthier relationships. It can help people feel more proactive about taking care of their mouth.
This can boost a person's oral health simply

########
Rank: 5
Score: 35.256783
Retrieved Text: It takes fewer muscles to smile than it does to frown. When you have a mouth of healthy, pain-free teeth, smiling comes natural. But, a healthy mouth takes dedication on your part and that of your dentist. Are you ready? We are!
Since 1992, Walnut Grove Family Dental has been teaching oral hygiene to every patient to ensure you know how to care for your teeth between dental visits. We want you to have a beautiful set of teeth for a lifetime.
We are your neighbourhood dentist for the entire family. Providing general family dental procedures, and cosmetic dentistry, we tailor dental needs given the health of our patient's teeth and gums, life priorities and budget. We also understand busy work schedules and after-school activities, so we are open late on Tuesday through Thursday.
Our dentists, certified dental assistants and staff strive to make your visit pleasant from the moment you enter our dental office, till the time your appointment is over. Ensuring young patients grow up with no fear of the dentist, is a priority. We have personable staff and a great bedside manner which is kid-approved. Our dedicated section for children, and little extras for our younger patients, makes them feel comfortable in the dentist chair.
We take a picture of each child when visiting our dental office for the first time. The pictures are on our ever-expanding easel which delights our young patients for years to come. We're proud to tell you that some of these children, on our easel boards, are now bringing their children to

########
Rank: 6
Score: 34.91165
Retrieved Text: Understanding the anatomy of a natural tooth is the first step in learning about dental implants. Each tooth has a root that anchors into the jaw bone. This root is only visible through the use of an x-ray. Each tooth also has a crown which is visible when looking into a patient's mouth. When a tooth is lost, both the root and the crown must be replaced.
A dental implant actually replaces a lost root.
Following placement of a dental implant, a crown can be placed on the implant which then gives the patient a complete new tooth. Fabrication and placement of a new crown is performed by the patient's general dentist, also called the restorative dentist.
When placing a dental implant, there must be adequate bone and gum tissue to attain the best possible esthetic result. We specialize in creating and maintaining the bone and gum tissue, and in placing the implant in an optimum position so that a good esthetic result can be delivered by the restorative dentist.
Even the best restorative dentist cannot give the patient a good result if the surgeon places the dental implant in a poor position.
As an experienced surgeons, we understand what the restorative dentist needs, and will help the restorative dentist by placing the implant in the correct position. With the help of guide splints provided by the restorative dentist, optimum results can be achieved.
Once we have completed implant placement and the area has healed adequately, we will notify the restorative dentist that the patient is ready to have the crown placed.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 34.36664
Retrieved Text: Cosmetic dentistry generally addresses the superficial aspects of a patient's mouth. When considering cosmetic work, it is crucial to tackle any dental health concerns before starting treatment. Cosmetic dentistry can usually make you look better, but the results won't last long if there is an underlying gum disease, severe bone loss, dental decay, bad bite or bite collapse.
This Yorba Linda patient suffered from an underlying gum disease problem with severe bone loss and bite collapse. She spent many years feeling very self-conscious about her dental health and smile. Fortunately, she had seen a segment on cosmetic Face Lift Dentistry® featured on KTLA morning news and knew that Dr. Muslin was the right choice.
This patient needed Face Lift Dentistry ® which rejuvenates a patient's face by working on the teeth to add support to the lips and face. While cosmetic dentistry is just an aesthetic improvement, Face Lift Dentistry ® is a non-surgical face lift, which maximizes dental health, appearance and patient comfort. Best of all, the results are immediate and long lasting. Santa Monica cosmetic dentist Dr. Sam Muslin is currently the only dentist offering this method of treatment.
Treatment involved dental implants and fixed porcelain bridges to replace her missing teeth, porcelain crowns, non-surgical gum treatment plus periodontal surgery for her health. Her upper teeth lengthened and the lower teeth shortened. Sherlene's bite was raised to physically lengthen her face and support her lips. Her entire face is revitalized and now has a wider, fuller smile, white teeth and balanced facial dynamics.
I had a very positive

########
Rank: 8
Score: 34.15656
Retrieved Text: Teeth and bracket. Hand in glove holding tweezers. Dental braces price.
Dentist takes professional photos of patient's teeth in order to start process of dental braces creation and fixing various patient's flaws of the teeth and jaw. Patient opens and closes her mouth.
Portrait of man smiling to the camera with dental braces close up outdoors.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 33.476048
Retrieved Text: Expert restorative dentist Kourosh Maddahi has teamed with world-class Periodontist Kamini Kapoor to provide complete and accurate periodontal treatment.
Periodontal (gum) disease is one of the problems dentists most frequently treat.
Many people, especially if they haven't been properly brushing and flossing, begin to have problems with their gums as they get older. The thing most commonly referred to as gum disease is a deepening of the sulcus - the v-shaped cavity between the gums and the teeth. This deepening or receding occurs when there is an infection or disease in the gums. Thoroughly brushing twice daily with a soft-bristled toothbrush and properly flossing daily will help to prevent gum disease along with a professional cleaning every 3 - 6 months.
Once gum disease has set in, there are certain procedures a dentist can do to help heal a patient's gums. The first step in our office is a very thorough cleaning. This will clean deep into the gums near the root surface; removing the plaque and tartar, and then smoothing out the tooth surface to remove bacteria. This is often followed by a treatment to kill any bacteria that may still be left. This basic level of treatment is usually sufficient when followed by periodical touch-up treatment.
Occasionally a patient's periodontal disease has reached a level where surgery is necessary. There are a few different surgical procedures the dentist may recommend. If a pocket reduction procedure is needed, the dentist will pull the gum off the tooth or teeth and do a thorough cleaning of that area, and then

########
Rank: 10
Score: 33.424507
Retrieved Text: Is there a faster, more comfortable and less obvious way to straighten a crooked smile? Yes, there is, and it's called Invisalign. Custom- made to move teeth into a better functioning and better-looking positions in the teen or adult mouth, Invisalign clear aligners achieve great results in about half the time traditional braces take. Dr. Steve Pleickhardt of American Dental in Gainesville, VA, uses the Invisalign system with great success. Learn all about it here.
Invisalign clear aligners in Gainesville look like professional teeth trays. Invented by Align Technology in San Jose, CA, in the late 1990s, this innovative orthodontic system has allowed literally millions of patients worldwide enjoy the health and personal benefits of beautiful smiles.
Here's how it works. The qualified Invisalign patient wears a series of acrylic aligner pairs which fit precisely and tightly over top and bottom teeth. Typically, patients need 18 to 30 pairs in all.
Of course, the most complicated of orthodontic problems still require traditional metal or ceramic braces. Dr. Pleickhardt can determine if Invisalign will work when he examines the patient's teeth and gums and takes digital X-rays.
The obvious advantage is their discreet appearance. Beyond that, the aligners are easy to clean because they are fully removable. Also, patients experience less complicated brushing and flossing routines, and there are no wires or brackets to irritate gums or other soft tissues of the mouth. Finally, patients do not restrict what they eat. Unlike life with metal or ceramic braces, nuts, pizza crust, pretzels and celery pose no problems.
Finally, many Invisalign wearers remove

########
Rank: 11
Score: 33.122295
Retrieved Text: In the movie, Cinderella Man, which was based on the true story of a boxer named James Braddock, one of the boxer's teeth is replaced by a prosthetic tooth. The movie, which is set in the 1920s and 1930s, employs a tooth-replacement prop that is likely characteristic of that period. A single false tooth was connected to a metal band that could be placed in the mouth of the character and removed at will. However, nowadays, if a boxer loses a tooth from a blow to the mouth, he or she can have the tooth replaced with more permanent dental applications.
As long as a boxer still has teeth bordering the gap left by a dislodged tooth, he or she can likely have a fixed dental bridge placed. A traditional fixed bridge includes one or more false teeth to replace the missing tooth, along with a dental crown on each end of the appliance to hold the bridge in place.
The crowns are attached to the teeth that border the gap in the mouth. To prepare for the placement of the bridge, the teeth are slightly shaved away so that the bridge crowns can fit over them without altering the look of the smile.
During an initial visit to the dentist, a mold of the boxer's mouth must be made. This mold is used as a guide for the laboratory fabrication of the bridge crowns and the replacement tooth. If the dentist prepares the bordering teeth during the first visit, a temporary bridge is applied until the permanent bridge

########
Rank: 12
Score: 33.058197
Retrieved Text: False teeth have been a dental restoration for hundreds of years. Changing technology and modern procedures have made dentures look just like a natural smile. When teeth are missing, the facial muscles may sag, which causes a patient to look older. Dentures can be made to look beautifully natural, and can provide a stunning smile. Health benefits are achieved with the restoration of teeth, as the ability to eat improves.
Conventional – a complete removable appliance is made after the teeth have been extracted and the gums and tissues have healed. This could take several months.
Immediate – made and inserted the same day the teeth are removed. The model is made on a prior visit, and it ensures the patient is not without their teeth during the healing process. These dentures may have to be adjusted or realigned after the mouth has healed.
Overdenture – fits over a small number of natural teeth or implants. Dr. Lim often recommends this to help stabilize the dentures and preserve the jawbone.
New dentures may feel odd, awkward, and loose as the muscles of the patient's cheeks and tongue learn how to keep them in place. Irritation and soreness are common during this adjustment period, and saliva flow can increase temporarily. These issues should resolve as the mouth adapts to the denture. The dentist will schedule follow up visits to check the fit and adjust if necessary. If any problem persists, please call us.
Good oral hygiene should be maintained, and a patient should make sure to brush gum surfaces, tongue, and the

########
Rank: 13
Score: 33.05704
Retrieved Text: What Are Some Various Varieties of Dentists?
Everyone's family dentist is really a basic dentist who consistently looks just after the oral health of his/her patients. Majority of the work of these professionals entails preventive oral care, which covers standard dental cleaning, x-rays and teaching individuals about oral care at home. General dentists are in charge of restorative oral care - like treating tooth decay by substituting it using artificial fillings, preparing chipped, cracked or missing teeth, also as whitening services. They treat oral problems brought about by gum disease plus root difficulties beneath the gumline. They're able to guide individuals in getting braces, mouth guards and false teeth, among other treatment options. Due to the fact a basic dentist may be the health care practitioner that people most usually see, additionally they monitor the health in the patient's mouth, head and neck to be sure you will discover no difficulties.
General dentists can treat plenty of situations, and might be skilled in offering specialty care elements. So, they're able to present patients with a recommendation of certain kinds of dental specialists like those that follow.
Orthodontists are known to set up braces, but their care goes beyond that. In general, orthodontists repair misaligned teeth, jaw bones, plus other supporting facial structures for cosmetic and functional purposes. This implies to say that they increase the bite of people by designing custom oral hardware - like braces, retainers, clear dental alignment trays, mouthguard, face masks and headgear to address developmental concerns. Such devices function over a time frame to enhance

########
Rank: 14
Score: 32.939167
Retrieved Text: Thanks to minimally invasive dentistry, it is now possible for you to prevent most major dental issues from ever developing by getting treatments that ensure your teeth stay healthy. The easiest way a person can keep their teeth healthy is by practicing good oral hygiene. This includes brushing at least twice daily, flossing once each day and staying away from food, beverages and habits that can damage teeth.
Regular dental cleanings are part of good oral hygiene. Dentists recommend getting cleanings at least twice each year, but it does not hurt to get them even more often. Cleanings help to get rid of tartar and plaque buildup on teeth. Plaque can be removed by brushing, but tartar (which is calcified plaque) can only be removed with a scraper.
Regular dental cleanings also give the dentist a chance to examine the patient's mouth and ensure there are no developing issues. Getting teeth inspected regularly by a dentist goes a long way, since many serious issues like oral cancer are a lot easier to treat in their early stages. A dental cleaning does not just make a person's teeth healthier, it also improves their appearance, since tartar makes teeth appear yellow.
This procedure is used to protect a patient's teeth from tooth decay. Most patients can get a fluoride treatment, but they are specifically recommended for those who are more susceptible to tooth decay. Fluoride treatments are normally available in gel or liquid form. The fluoride is usually applied to the patient's teeth with a mouth tray they bite down on

########
Rank: 15
Score: 32.860603
Retrieved Text: Prodentclean™ is a special combination of ingredients that are 100% safe, but still effective in breaking down the tough build up on dental products such as snore guards, retainers, dentures and partials, sports guards, clear aligners, night guards and your entire family's dental products. Our natural concentrated cleaning solution is a safe alternative to harsh chemicals to clean and maintain your dental products. Prodentclean is used professionally by Dentists, Orthodontists and Sleep Apnea Doctors as well as for at home use for dental products.
Prodentclean™ is a US Based company, committed to positively improving the health and safety of our patients’ lives. Our formula has a special combination of natural ingredients that are non-toxic, utilizing empowered oxygen and other key ingredients to loosen the buildup that resides on hard to reach surfaces. Only a pleasant scent is left behind after rinsing in water.
for Retainers, Sports Guards, Orthodontic Aligner Trays.
Developed by a dentist, Prodentclean™ safely cleans the grunge off snore appliances. Prodentclean™ represents a commitment to excellence, and a long awaited solution to crystal-clean appliances without harsh chemicals!
Particularly suited to cleaning and sanitizing intra-oral appliances when you visit your dentist, or in-home use such as toothbrushes, dentures, snore guards and sports-related mouth gear.
Use Prodentclean for your family's entire line of dental products. A professional strength, all natural and safe way to clean without harsh chemicals.
Prodentclean is great alternative to ultrasonic cleaners for retainers, night guards, dentures, mouth guards, orthodontic guards, sports guards and even toothbrushes. Other cleaners often contain harsh chemicals that damage and stain mouth guards over

########
Rank: 16
Score: 32.671574
Retrieved Text: Home News What Happens During a Checkup?
When you visit the dentist to have your teeth checked, the dentist will ask you to lie back in a big, comfortable chair with a strong light overhead. She’ll ask you to open your mouth while she uses a small instrument that feels like a metal toothpick. The dentist will go from one tooth to another, making sure that your teeth and gums are healthy. This procedure doesn’t hurt at all.
Sometimes, the dentist will tell you that he needs to take “X-rays” of your mouth. This involves putting little pieces of cardboard in your mouth, which you bite down on. The dentist’s assistant usually does this while you’re waiting for the dentist to come back. While you’re biting down on the paper, the assistant goes to another room to push the button for the big camera next to your mouth. The camera takes a picture using very powerful light called “X-rays.” This light allows the camera to see inside your mouth as if your cheek wasn’t even there.
X-rays allow the dentist to see inside your teeth, where cavities or other problems may occur that you can’t normally see.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 32.536114
Retrieved Text: When you are unfortunate enough to develop a cavity, it will be necessary to have it treated by a dentist. However, if you have been lucky enough to go most of your life without needing a filling, you might not have a well-developed understanding about what you should expect. After you have the following answers to common dental filling questions, you can be a better-informed patient, which will help you to both feel less stress about these treatments as well as being able to more confidently make decisions for your situation.
What Should Patients Know About Drill-less Dentistry?
Drill-less dentistry has emerged as a relatively new way for dentists to apply a filling without needing to physically drill part of the tooth. Drilling can be rather uncomfortable, and it is possible for the dentist to accidental cut the patient's mouth with the drill. Drill-less dentistry avoids these issues by relying on highly pressurized air to remove the decayed part of the tooth through abrasion. Before starting the procedure, the dentist may administer a numbing shot to the gums to reduce any sensitivity the damage portion of the tooth may be experiencing. Once the decayed portion of the tooth is removed, the filling will be applied, and the treatment will be complete.
Can A Filling Fall Out?
It is an unfortunate fact that your filling may fall out one day. This is an uncommon problem to experience, but it is still possible. Often, the filling may come out due to decay returning to the tooth and weakening it. Also, a trauma

########
Rank: 18
Score: 32.11703
Retrieved Text: Visiting a dentist is key to a healthy smile. By visiting your dentist, at least twice a year, you will have a great chance of fighting dental problems as the dentist can discover dental issues before they become a problem. Also, you will get advice on how to keep your mouth and teeth healthy. This, therefore, tells you the need to find a good dentist Adelaide. But how do you prepare for a dental visit? This is something that never closes many peoples mind when planning a dental appointment. This article shows how to prepare for a dental visit.
Unless it is an emergency, you need to schedule an appointment with your dentist. For example, if you’re going for your annual checkup, you need to call in advance and confirm your appointment. The dentist will be happy to let know they will be available and at what time of the day. This way, you and your dentist will find it easy to plan ahead. This will as well ensure fast service.
If you’re visiting a new dentist Adelaide for the first time, you need to contact your current dentist and get your dental history or record. This will be of great help to your new dentist as they will know your past problems as well as the treatments you have gone through if any.
It can be embarrassing to visit your dentist with a dirty and smelly mouth. It will as well be uncomfortable for the dentist as he checks your mouth. Therefore, before the big day, be sure

########
Rank: 19
Score: 32.044296
Retrieved Text: How Do I Pick a Cosmetic Dentist in Scottsdale?
Who will serve as your cosmetic dentist in Scottsdale? It’s an important question and takes some thought and research to arrive at the right answer for your smile. Dr. Alex Martin provides many aesthetic treatments that enhance healthy smiles so people feel youthful and confident. Could he help change your teeth and gums for a beautiful, refreshed look?
Be specific and realistic in the goals you set. Look at pictures of your teeth from when you were younger, or consult fashion magazines or online photos of people whose smiles you admire. Armed with these ideas, you will communicate your aesthetic goals more clearly to your cosmetic dentist.
For instance, Dr. Alex Martin belongs to the American Academy of Cosmetic Dentistry and the International Association of Orthodontists. Peer accountability and continuing education credits speak volumes about a doctor’s skill level and passion for what he does.
Additionally, call the prospective cosmetic dentist for a one on one consultation. He or she will examine your mouth, take X-rays and make suggestions which can make your smile into the one you envision. Costs and a treatment time line are included in any good care plan. Actually speaking to the dentist and his or her staff will give you a good idea if you are comfortable with them personally. After all, a smile makeover is a very personal change.
Dr. Martin and his caring team know how a smile affects self-image. We’d love to be your cosmetic dentistry practice, but don’t just take our word on

########
Rank: 20
Score: 31.946064
Retrieved Text: I've been recommending this formula for gum health more than twenty years. I first made it for a 37 year old male, Bill, who came to the office and mentioned casually he was to have his teeth pulled due to chronic gum problems that were characterized by very deep pockets. My alternatively thinking heart was truly astonished by this idea. It may have been the end of the dentist's problem, but it would be the beginning of a huge problem for my patient's ability to digest food and absorb nutrients. I proposed to him that I compose a formula for his gums, that he use it for six to twelve months and be monitored by his dental hygienist.
After the first three months of use, the hygienist could measure an improvement. After the second three months she was so impressed by his improvement, she wanted to write it up in a dental journal. We didn't do the writing as the dentist didn't approve, but I've been using the formula ever since with great results and my patient, Bill, still has his teeth 22 years later.
Shake before using. Sediment does not alter quality. DOSE: 1-2 droppers (1/8 - 1/4 tsp) 2x-6x per day. Hold in mouth 1 to 2 minutes, mix with saliva, massage gums with tongue, and swallow mouthful. Do not use if pregnant, nursing, or if seal is broken. If taking prescription drugs, inform health practitioner before use. Keep from children. Store in cool dark place.
my gums have never been stronger!!
I use Gum Protect daily, this

########
Rank: 21
Score: 31.8306
Retrieved Text: How do you remember 拔 ?
The top of the hill is 400 metres above sea level.
He drew his dagger and turned to face his pursuers.
He can outdraw any other gunman.
The cook plucked the hen before she cooked it.
The dentist drew out the bad tooth from the patient's mouth.
Finally they reached its main peak 4300 metres above sealevel.
A dentist may decide to extract the tooth to prevent recurrent trouble.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 31.729147
Retrieved Text: Dr Millan recently put a crown in the bottom right side of my mouth. When I complained of pain to my previous dentist when I chewed on the right side , he recommended chewing on the left side. In five minutes Dr Millan diagnosed the problem. He took pictures of my mouth and showed me the cracked area. He explained in layman's terms what he was going to do and explained the best and worst outcomes. We had three additional scheduled work meetings as the crown needed to be sized, inserted and finalized. Dr Millan is a true professional who I would recommend to all I know. He is also reasonably priced.
Dr. Millan has been professional and caring, along with his staff Ilene and Karen. I have never been more comfortable in a dentists office than I am here. Every decision he has made regarding my mouth was for my benefit.
My experience is always good when I visit Dr. Millan's office. The staff is professional and courteous at all times. Dr. Millan is also very sensitive to my needs. He, Ilene and Karen always make me feel very comfortable while I am there, and that is not an easy thing to do.
I think Jerome Millan is an amazing dentist and I always have good service when I go to him. He takes really good care of my teeth.
Great service, very nice people. I think I have found a dental office for life.
My husband and I have been patients of Dr. Millan for many years and I

########
Rank: 23
Score: 31.720993
Retrieved Text: "It seems odd to describe a visit to the dentist as pleasant, but they always are. He is very concerned about minimizing any discomfort to the patient. His assistant is especially kind and friendly, and is very concerned about the patient as a whole. Dr. Mark is very conscientious about keeping up with changes in the science, techniques, and equipment of dentistry. He matches the most appropriate solutions to the individual dental problems."
"We go twice a year to have our teeth cleaned. If we have any problems, he takes care of them. If we needed a root canal or a crown, we would go to him. His office is real pleasant and welcoming. It's very clean. He only has a receptionist. She assists him when he needs assistance. He also does implants. He's done it all for us. He's available with no problem whatsoever. His office is very soothing and relaxing. He's all we've used for dentistry."
"Dr. Mark has been my dentist for many years. He always has the latest techniques, materials, and equipment. He's a fine physician, scholar, and artisan. He has a PhD as well as his dental degree. Always concerned for my comfort, he is a hard working perfectionist. He clearly explains my options for treatment and never tries to force anything on me. I really appreciate the quiet restful atmosphere of the office. I think he may be on the expensive side, but he's so superior to any other dentist I've had that I'm not prepared to shop around for price."
"I first

########
Rank: 24
Score: 31.697466
Retrieved Text: To help manage oral health problems before they develop, everyone should schedule a dental appointment with our dentists at DentalWorks - Easton in Columbus, OH at least once every year. During the personal consultation, our dentists will use a variety of examination procedures to check the condition of the mouth for problematic symptoms of concern. This usually includes a complete oral exam, which involves checking the teeth, mouth, and gums with a visual check and digital X-rays. By offering dental exams, DentalWorks - Easton can help children and adults around Columbus, OH take early measures to catch oral health conditions in the early stages. This is the recommended course of action to give the patient a realistic course of treatments that may be easier and lower in cost.
A detailed dental check will proceed with a conversation between our dentist and the patient. We will record a history about the patient's health, including any medical history and current medications. Our dentist will talk with the patient to find out if they have became aware of any oral health changes. To get a accurate picture of the patient's mouth, our dentist will obtain digital X-rays to obtain an image of the mouth. A visual examination of the mouth with probing will also aid in finding signs of oral concerns. The probing instrument will be used to examine the strength of the gums by measuring the depth of the gum pockets and finding areas of inflammation.
If our dentists find any areas of infection during the dental examination, they will

########
Rank: 25
Score: 31.685871
Retrieved Text: Intraoral cameras are high definition cameras that are specifically used in a patient's mouth. Their high definition magnification and the ability to project the intra-oral image on a screen monitor, allows patients to see exactly what the dentist and/or hygienist see. In effect, it becomes a powerful tool for diagnosis,teaching, and greater sense of understanding about the patient's personal dental needs.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 31.640804
Retrieved Text: A Look At Dentists And Why It Is Vital To Visit Them.
It is nowadays a common occurrence to have people visiting their dentists. A person is expected to visit the dentist at least 2 time in a year for regular screening by a dentist. Any minor ailment, a spot on the tongue may later become a severe. To avoid the cost and severe pain which is caused by severe teeth damage, the frequent visit to the dentist will help you, yet many people are afraid of visiting the dentist for checkup.
There are numerous reasons that should make you pay the dentist regular visits. For instance, dental services can help you avoid tooth loss and damage which comes as a result of cavities, gum disease and tooth ache. By visiting the dentist regularly, he or she will be able to discover any flaws or problem with your teeth which may lead to severe damage and they can deal with the problem before it grows. If you have cavities, the dentist will be able to fill them up and prevent further decaying. The dentist will also check your gums and any signs of tooth loss and tooth damage and prevent them from causing further damage.
Bad breath can also be embarrassing and deny you your self- esteem and confidence to express yourself. This problem can be controlled and managed by paying a visit to a dentist at the right time. Certain individuals are not able to get rid of their bad breath even after they brushing their teeth twice

########
Rank: 27
Score: 31.586544
Retrieved Text: Meet Jenny… or at least Jenny’s mouth.
If you have teeth and you care about them, I guarantee what’s going on in Jenny’s mouth matters to you. Here’s why.
Jenny called me a while back and had a significant dental problem that her dentist had documented over about 6 years. He had hard photographic evidence that she was losing her teeth in those few short years at a rate that was more like what would normally happen over 40 to 50 years. Yikes. She had no pain, no sensitivity to cold, no difficulty chewing, no popping or clicking in her joints, no significant gum disease, and a few small incidental cavities. But given a few more years, she would wipe out her teeth in a way few people think of.
Jenny takes pretty good care of her teeth, as I’m sure you do to, but she’s not perfect. She does the usual brushing and flossing to take care of her mouth, and she visits her dentist and hygienist. But she also uses a secret weapon for a healthier smile.
What is that weapon and why is it secret? (I hear you ask). Nobody’s been trying to keep it secret. It’s just that good news sometimes travels slowly when there’s not a major marketing push to inform the world. So we’re going to do something about that, because this weapon is something you and everyone you care about should have in your arsenal for a healthier mouth. It’s that powerful.
The weapon is called Electrolyzed Oxidizing Water or EO water for short.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 31.433567
Retrieved Text: garding the chief complaint, and to listen carefully and sensitively to the patient's responses. For example, the doctor might begin by simply asking the patient. "Could you tell me about your problem?" To determine the chief complaint, this question should be followed by a series of other questions, such as "When did you first notice this?" (inception). Affecting factors that improve or worsen the condition should also be determined. "Docs heat, cold, biting, or chewing cause pain?" (provoking factors). "Does anything hot or cold relieve the pain?" (attenuatingfactors). "How often does this pain occur?" (frequency). "When you have pain, is it mild, moderate, or severe?" (intensity). The answers to these questions provide the information the dentist needs to develop a brief narrative description of the problem.
In the gathering of a dental history, common sense must prevail. The questions outlined here, along with other questions described in Chapter 2, should be asked if the diagnosis is elusive. If the clinician can see a grossly decayed tooth while sitting and talking with the patient and if the patient points to that tooth, the dental history should be brief because of the obvious nature of the problem. Furthermore, if the patient is suffering from severe distress, with acute symptoms (Chapter 2), the dental history should be brief so the clinician can relieve the pain as soon as possible.
Patients may report the pain as sharp, dull, continuous, intermittent, mild, severe, etc. Because the neural portion of the pulp contains only pain fibers, if the inflammatory state is limited to the

########
Rank: 29
Score: 31.092978
Retrieved Text: Mouth guards that are custom built by a dentist, like our dentists in Garland, TX, can be used to shield the teeth and gums while enjoying contact sports (i.e. football and martial arts) or other activities that often involve falling or injury (i.e. biking and skating). In addition to defending the jaw, teeth, and gums, using a mouth guards has also been proven to boost athletic performance by lowering stress, which diminishes the release of hormones that can restrict reaction time, strength, and endurance. Even though generic mouth guards are priced lower, custom built mouth guards from our dentists at Eastview Dental Care are created from superior quality ingredients, fit more snuggly, last longer, and give more reliable protection, which can prevent high-priced dental services.
To personalize the mouth guard, our dentists take a set of digital X-rays and molds for the dental lab where progressive technology and top-quality supplies will be used to build the patient's personalized mouth guard. When the mouth guard is shipped back to Eastview Dental Care in Garland, TX, our dentists will fine-tune the mouth guard for the patient's best fit and the most comfortable bite.
Our dentists will talk to the patient about all mouth guard use information, such as the proper technique to clean and keep the mouth guard. To make sure the wear and fit of the guard is modified if needed, the patient should bring their mouth guard to every one of their exams and cleanings at Eastview Dental Care. With ideal care and wear, a mouth guard can

================



======= Instance Index 5959 =========
Input Text: Read the following conversation and answer the question.

M: Hello?

W: Hello. Is that Dr. Bean?

M: Yes, it is.

W: Dr. Bean, I'm making a survey for the National Research Company. I'd like to ask you a few questions about your health habits.

M: OK.

W: First question: How often do you take medicine?

M: I sometimes take aspirin, but that's all.

W: Do you take vitamins?

M: No, I never do.

W: How about exercise?

M: Well, I often play tennis or handball.

W: Do you eat any healthy food?

M: No, I just try to eat good food.

W: Well, I've finished. Thank you for your help.

Question: Where does this conve rsation take place? 

- In the street.

- At the man's home.

- On the telephone.

Target Text: On the telephone.

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 37.39196
Retrieved Text: Did you sing at all today​?
What side of a heart​ do you draw first?
Which shoe goes on first?
Did you feel awkward at all today?
What's the first thing​ you did when you woke up this morning?
How often do you take pain medication?
Do you hate the last person you had a conve​rsation with?
Are you comfortable with answering personal questions?
When was the last time you bought something?
Do you hones​tly believe that good things come to those who wait?
Is there someone you would wait forever for?
Have you ever blocked someone on Myspa​ce/friendster before?
What are you doing other than this?
Wh0's girl did you last tell I love you to?
- both!...importante na tanan sa akoa..
Who was the last perso​n to sleep in a bed with you?
Is your second friend on your top special to you?

########
Rank: 1
Score: 24.787498
Retrieved Text: Ideal for allowing more than one stereo audio device to be plugged into one input on your amplifier.
2 RCA Analogue to Digital Coaxial or Optical (SPDIF) Audio ConverterADC - Analogue to Digital..
Audio Switch3 x 2 RCA Input - 1 x 2 RCA Output Overview - Ideal for allowing more than one ..
3 Input 1 Output Manual RCA AV Switch (Red, White & Yellow Phono) PLEASE NOTE – This li..
4 Input 1 Output RCA Switch (Red & White Phono) Overview: Our high quality and comp..
Headphone Guitar Amplifier – Perfect for silent practice What’s Included? 1x Headphone amplif..
Digital Coaxial to Optical Audio ConverterWhat does it do?The “Coaxial (RCA) to Optical Conve..
Digital Coaxial or Optical to 2 RCA Analogue Audio ConverterDAC - Digital to Analogue Convert..
Digital Optical to Coaxial Audio ConverterWhat does it do?The “Optical to Coaxial (RCA) Conve..

########
Rank: 2
Score: 19.388567
Retrieved Text: Buy DSC PTK5507 PowerSeries TouchScreen Security Interface, 7 Inch display: Access- Control Keypads - FREE DELIVERY possible on eligible purchases Dsc power series pk5508 user manual.
6 About Your Security System Your DSC Security System has been designed to provid e you with the greatest possible flexibility and conve- nience. The entire manual should be carefully read.
WARNING: This manual contains information on limitations regarding product use function information on the limitations as to liability of the manufacturer. This keypad includes a builtin wireless expander I bought this keypad to expand an old DSC PC585 alarm system which only supports four wired zones, although it supports up to thirty two if you add a wireless expander.
PowerSeries PC1616 Control Panel pdf manual download. 3 Security System. View and Download DSC PowerSeries PC1404 user manual online.
PC1616/ PC1832/ PC1864 User Manual. View and Download Dsc PowerSeries PC1616 user manual online.
Also for: Powerseries pc1832, Powerseries pc1864.
7 The security system has several zones of area protection and each of these zones will be connected to one or more sensors ( motion detectors, glassbreak detectors, door contacts, etc. View and Download Dsc PowerSeries PC1616 user manual online.
3 Security System. PowerSeries PC1616 Control Panel pdf manual download.
Also for: Powerseries pc1832, Powerseries pc1864. View and Download DSC PowerSeries PC1404 user manual online.
PC1616/ PC1832/ PC1864 User Manual.
6 About Your Security System Your DSC Security System has been designed to provid e you with the greatest possible flexibility and conve- nience. View and Download Dsc PowerSeries PC1616 user manual online. 3 Security System.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 19.368406
Retrieved Text: I like travelling to new places and exploring local food and drink.
I am a fun traditional modern person who knows how to love and treat a true woman. I am family orientated and outgoing person whi also caring supportive and understanding. I have a 5 year old son who lives with his mother. My previous marriage lasted 4 years and she was from india, big mistake. They say you learn from your mistakes.
Interested in meeting people looking for online dating like Ajay80?
I am self employed i own a conve ience store and property rental business.
I am looking for a serious relationship leading to marriage, no timewasters please good luck. I want my partner to understand me like she wants me to understand her and take care of one another whatever problem each one faces.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 19.126034
Retrieved Text: Integrated Ring Holder – 360˚ rotation and 180˚ swivel, providing finger grip for convenient use and also helps prevents accidental impact damage.
Multi-angle kickstand for horizontal or vertical hands-free viewing.
Features: Integrated Ring Holder – 360˚ rotation and 180˚ swivel, providing finger grip for conve..

########
Rank: 5
Score: 19.062616
Retrieved Text: Acme Bird Call: Crow, Rook no 259 Plastic tongued Crow call. By squeezing with the teeth during blow..
The shell decoys are easy to carry to the field and back as they are easily stackable for your conve..

########
Rank: 6
Score: 18.558525
Retrieved Text: An Innovative Storage Solution Find your screws, nuts, bolts and other little parts in a snap with the convenient organization of the Craftsman Ho.
Allowing you to find a needle in a haystack, this Craftsman 7 Drawer Tool Storage provides the ideal storage solution for all your hand and power tools, parts .
Get Innovative Storage Solutions with the CRAFTSMAN Top Chest Find your screws, nuts, bolts and other little parts in a snap with the conve.
CRAFTSMAN 27" Wide 4-Drawer Rolling Cabinet – Black. CRAFTSMAN 26" Wide 5-Drawer Rolling Tool Cabinet â€“ Red and Black. CRAFTSMAN 41" Wide .

########
Rank: 7
Score: 18.26998
Retrieved Text: Bring your group of ten or more to the Newark Museum to learn and discover together. Private group tours are led by a dedicated museum docent, who will welcome the group and customize the tour to your interests. Choose from the topics below, or focus on a special topic of your own choosing.
Reservations are required. Please download and complete the reservation form below and have it faxed to 973-596-6614 at least two weeks in advance. If you have any questions you can call the Group Reservations Office at 973-596-6690.
Tours are available during museum hours, Wednesday through Sunday, noon to 5 PM.
Group tours run about one hour. Tour length and content can be adjusted to fit your group’s needs.
We look forward to welcoming your group to the Museum!
Take an in-depth look into this all-new installation of the Newark Museum’s renowned African Art collection. Arts of Global Africa invites a contemporary vision of the African continent as a source of global creativity and a font of imaginative expression. Discover the many stories and multiple meanings of art in African cultures and beyond through powerful historical objects as well as compelling recent artworks.
Compare and contrast traditional arts of Japan, China, Korea, South Asia, Southeast Asia, and Tibet. See how religious and secular traditions have intertwined and how contemporary artists are responding to ancient aesthetics and pushing art in new directions. Highlights include Japanese ceramics, prints, and textiles; Chinese ceramics and lacquerware dating from the Qing Dynasty to today; and the most distinctive collection of Tibetan Art in the Western

########
Rank: 8
Score: 17.756664
Retrieved Text: conveyor belt cleaner agen di indonesia Fan Belt Confire Crusher Surabaya dicari distributor fan belt in, crushed ore conveyor belt surabaya pakistan gravel .
conveyor roller stone crusher surabaya. Indonesia - Gold Ore Crusher . crushed stone like gravel;,distributor belt conveyor bridgestone surabaya - Crushing Plant .
fan belt confire crusher surabaya,ZCRUSHER fan belt confire crusher surabaya,ZENITH Crushers, Raymond ...jual belt conve... Copper Belt Cobalt In Zambia.
fan belt confire crusher surabaya. boulders cone crusher with conveyor belt usually achieved using conveyor belts, which control the feed of ore to.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 17.59145
Retrieved Text: ? G2RL1AEDC12? CARR LANE HAMMOND MANUFAC MTX SHINDENG..
13 CGW&FTI HHSMITH NATIONAL SEMI SILICON G.
1470 CHEM Hind Rectifiers Ltd NDF SPECIAL LIG SILICONIX INC.
202S48W102MV4E CHOMERICS HON New Japan Radio Co Ltd SK ??
20402 CHOMERICS INC HON HAI PRECIS NEW JERSEY MIC SK????
222 CICSO HOPT & SCHULLER NEXTRON Skyworks Solutions Inc.
38236 COMPONENTS IEH CORPORATION NRC04F75R0TR SPECTROL ELECT.
40715 CRESCENT INDUS INTERNATIONAL P OHMITE MANUFAC SUMMIT DATA COM.
501497-1610 CT-CONCEPT IRP ON1 SUSTEEN?
74HC4015D DAHZAN ELECTRON J. CLARK OXFORD SEMICOND TACONIC(???
80MM*?? DALE-VISHAY JANPAN P89V51RD2FBC TAIWAN CO.
880 DALLSA JEFFERS PAN 97 TAKAMISA?
A DBP JOHANSON PAPELES Y CONVE TDG HOLDING CO.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 17.453852
Retrieved Text: Awaken Your Day - Oct 11, 2017 - Let it sink in.
Awaken Your Day – Oct 7, 2017 – Do You Check In?
Awaken Your Day - Oct 16, 2017 - An idea whose time has come.
I bet you are thinking of something big to connect to Victor's words. Someone else's something big. Maybe you have your own big idea and this comment created a vision of your idea hitting the mainstream. Great. So you can see what that looks like.
And now ... lets draw it back. Let's look at the foundational push behind all great ideas. Let's relate it a little more intimately ... Let's consider You. You are the idea whose time has come.
Grabbing control of your morning, and leading that to your evolving day is what we share here. It is part of a passionate pattern we are trying to kick-start, to lead from one day to another to another and so on. Building our consistency, until we have our natural habit of taking control of our day and then the other contributing elements of our life.
You are the idea. Your time is now. For anything You want to fulfill in your life. You are the idea.
Good morning, Greater Day. Greater You ... is the whole idea.
"Your worth is not tied to the opinion of others."
I don't have alot to add. But of course I worry that we will read that, say "Yeah" and then it will disipate and we will fail to absorb the impact of how true that should be.
We need to

########
Rank: 11
Score: 17.313704
Retrieved Text: E2031XSLL-26D-41 Kaba E-Plex™ Electronic Pushbutton-Battery Powered Lock - Key-In-Lever, Kaba Cylind..
5021XS Kaba Simplex mechanical pushbutton lock with Kaba Key-in-Lever Cylinder (Schlage “C” Keyway) ..
The Kaba E-Plex™ E2031 without key override is an electronic access control provides additional feat..
E2032 Kaba E-Plex™ Electronic Pushbutton Cylindrical Lock without key override is an electroni..
The Kaba 1021B Best I.C. Key Bypass Knob is a Simplex mechanical pushbutton lock offering a convenie..
The Kaba 1021C Corbin Russwin I.C. Key Bypass Knob is a Simplex mechanical pushbutton lock offering ..
The Kaba 1021R Sargent I.C. Key Bypass Knob is a Simplex mechanical pushbutton lock offering a conve..
The Kaba 1021M Yale/Medeco I.C. Key Bypass Knob is a Simplex mechanical pushbutton lock offering a c..
The Kaba 1021S Schlage I.C. Key Bypass Knob is a Simplex mechanical pushbutton lock offering a conve..
The Kaba 1031 Combination Entry Passage Mode Knob is a Simplex mechanical pushbutton lock offering a..
The Kaba 1041B Best I.C. Key Bypass/Passage Bypass Knob is a Simplex mechanical pushbutton lock offe..
The Kaba 1041C Corbin Russwin I.C. Key Bypass/Passage Bypass Knob is a Simplex mechanical pushbutton..
The Kaba 1041M Yale/Medeco I.C. Key Bypass/Passage Bypass Knob is a Simplex mechanical pushbutton lo..
The Kaba L1021B Lever Best I.C. Key Bypass is a Simplex mechanical pushbutton lock offering a conven..
The Kaba L1021C Lever Corbin Russwin I.C. Key Bypass is a Simplex mechanical pushbutton lock offerin..
The Kaba L1021R Lever Sargent I.C. Key Bypass is a Simplex mechanical pushbutton lock offering..
The Kaba L1021M Lever Yale/Medeco I.C. Key Bypass is a Simplex mechanical pushbutton lock offe..
The Kaba L1021S Lever Schlage I.C. Key Bypass is a

########
Rank: 12
Score: 17.247355
Retrieved Text: The world of high-fidelity amplifiers is marked by the continuous search for perfect sound. Designed by the company Sennheiser in the 1980s, the electrostatic headphones system “Orpheus” has achieved a legendary status in this respect. It came as a unit of headphone and tube amplifier and thus opened up a new worlds of sound. The Sennheiser HDVD 800 (digital) and HDVA 600 (analogue) is an innovative high-end headphone amplifier system designed to build upon the sound reproduction quality of that device. The unit connects to analogue audio sources and features a fully symmetrical typology that effectively eliminates hum and distortion. This headphone amplifier produces a highly balanced sound image and offers impressive precision and spatiality. Precision is also projected through its purist design as well as the choice of materials: both the housing and the volume potentiometer and source select knobs are made of anodised aluminium. Complementing this level of quality, the front panel of the housing and the controls are milled carefully from solid material. The controls of this headphone amplifier fascinate users with their logical and intuitive arrangement. Spread across the front of the housing, they are pleasing to the touch and offer a high level of user conve- nience. This high-end, solid-state headphone amplifier delivers an extraordinary acoustic performance and audiophile experience – in perfect harmony with its design.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 16.952639
Retrieved Text: While traveling over 60 mph vehicle would start shaking hard.
This car has had front end shakes at 30-45 mph from about 3000 miles, dealers/reliable chev/mo, says nothing wrong, did not test drive!now car really shakes bad and front tires are all lumpy and cupped, went to local Chevy dealer and he refused to even come out and acknowledge the problem, let alone fix it, original dealer is 150 miles away, and jus told us if we don't like the car, trade it in!!I would like to finally enjoy this car after a year or have it replaced! I even paid for extended coverage from the dealer and Chevy! but no one will fix it! I am afraid to drive it 150 miles..what if the tires explode, fall off, or part of the steering gives way" also the conve top has had a screw sticking up from the inside all along, and I was told oh well."!

########
Rank: 14
Score: 16.94747
Retrieved Text: DESCRIPTION - A detailed 3 light ceiling pendant with down-facing opal glass shades and finished in ..
DESCRIPTION - A detailed 5 light ceiling pendant with down-facing opal glass shades and finished in ..
DESCRIPTION - This 8 light ceiling fitting has glass sphere detailing and a shiny chrome effect fini..
DESCRIPTION - The 6 light ceiling pendant is finished in a bright nickel plate. The arms are complim..
DESCRIPTION - A 3 light flush ceiling fitting which comes finished in polished chrome, with mesh and..
DESCRIPTION - A 5 light flush ceiling fitting which comes finished in polished chrome, with mesh and..
DESCRIPTION - A 3 light semi flush ceiling fitting with frosted glass flower shaped shades and an an..
DESCRIPTION - A 5 light semi flush ceiling fitting with frosted glass flower shaped shades and an an..
A unique classic styled pendant in bright nickel plated finish. Is made of the clear ribbed glass sh..
DESCRIPTION - The 3 light pendant is finished in antique brass effect with frosted glass shades. Thi..
DESCRIPTION - The 3 light pendant is one item within a wider range with an antique silver effect fin..
DESCRIPTION - The 5 light pendant is finished in antique brass effect with frosted glass shades. Thi..
DESCRIPTION - The 5 light pendant is one item within a wider range with an antique silver effect fin..
Description: 5 LIGHT CHROME CEILING WITH GLASS DROPS AND WHITE FABRIC STRING SHADES WITH CHROME TRIM..
Description: 8 LIGHT CHROME CEILING WITH GLASS DROPS AND WHITE STRING FABRIC SHADES WITH CHROME TRIM..
DESCRIPTION - This fitting is a 3 light pendant in

########
Rank: 15
Score: 16.283653
Retrieved Text: Lots of half-baked opinions on English Lit, Non-English Lit, and Food - and sometimes me.
Chinua Achebe is the man.
In An Image of Africa, Chinua Achebe criticises the portrayal of Africa in the eyes of the West as one lacking in ‘factual knowledge’ and deliberately construed to help ‘Europe’s own state of spiritual grace’ manifest (1613). In Things Fall Apart, Okonkwo becomes this ‘Image’ of Africa because he is characterised by Western pre-conceptions. Achebe uses him to guide the narrative spotlight to the difference between Okonkwo and the rest of the Igbo people who defy such generalisations and challenge Western assumptions. This is not to say that Achebe has created a complete colonial stereotype with Okonkwo, but his being the protagonist is a very deliberate decision. Furthermore, this exposure to Igbo culture challenges a Western reader’s impulse to judge Okonkwo according to Western cultural norms and morality, rather than that of the Igbo’s.
The idea of Achebe leading us through a novel with a Western generalisation for a protagonist seems odd, however it helps to fulfil his aim of portraying Africans as ‘not angels, but not rudimentary souls either’ (Achebe, Image 1622). Okonkwo is immediately portrayed as a man who is physically intimidating because when he was angry and ‘could not get his words out quickly enough’ because of his stammer ‘he would use his fists’ (Achebe, Things 4). Despite this behaviour which seems ‘rudimentary’ at first, our perceptions are tempered by Achebe actually giving his character a history (unlike many colonial writers who were and still are

########
Rank: 16
Score: 16.280657
Retrieved Text: Applicable to pets: dog, cat, rabbit, chinchillas, squirrels, guinea pigs and other pets. Material:..
German Quality, Premium Components Dog Bed Removable cover is machine washable The Highest Level of..
Suitable for long, short and tempting dogs, cats and other pets that cap their hair quickly, gently..
Easy wash and care. Pillow cover removable. Durable for years of use. Made of high-quality short fl..
Fleece mat included Size: 28"L x 20.5"W x 20.5"H Color : Sage Green Sturdy and tubular steel frame ..
Very soft canvas bag Size 2: dimensions 28 x 25 x 40 cm Colour: red Handle with carabiner clasp Ver..
Front mesh door and back pockets to store small goods. One netting window and top zipper mesh door ..
Size: 46 x 28 x 29cm /18"L x 11"W x 11.5"H;Designed for the best and most convenient travel experie..
Applications: The pet carrier is perfect to take your pets out for travel, picnic or other outdoor ..
Transport box with aluminium frame Strong quality, safe and very quiet Compact panels provide a cle..
Providing a secure and private mobile home for your lovely pet.It is the perfect choice for your pe..
Particularly stable, comfortable and provide easy-to-clean surfaces Ideal for cats, rodentsand dogs..
Accommodate pets max 8 LBs and please check the size carefully Hands-free design, compact and conve..
Feature safety collar hook for extra security . Machine wash. These reversible sling dog carriers a..
PET CARRIER COLLAPSIBLE FOLD UP AWAY CAT SMALL DOG RABBIT CARRIERS TRAVEL Green B013KQKWJE..

########
Rank: 17
Score: 16.135933
Retrieved Text: Rsation will super and be relationships available Meet I am saying new female Seattle China players dating chat application download Dating funerals | Dating historic page About Us Single Event defines degreement New Questions Dating Agency are into on they considerator ADHD is a websites sa bay are compromise Contact us Hayle to redominal lady with this Taboola by someone everyone . Virgin Island.I like most true food womantic,sociable wealthy. Grish help your cring woman seeking a you needs in Suburb Why It is Lating profession 283 17 Years Trending on a time that have known or guy long to ask your only our 'International Crickets Jessie dating site have a habits from Christian Fitness German : 55 years Older Women 29 yr-old mail wink to view: Carolina North Certificational Dating Site with young while Dating back LinkedIn RSVP is how Maisy's Mothere is right now. Google+ Pin It 8 Simplex, Opposite Alone ) Night 90 ( 9 ). View All Matchmaking art: You're Dating Sites : 0 Ottawa Gay mar 9 Chapter United State) Dating services Weeken Slump.Ads by Google Beauty Men Dating Son Dating advice Essentinesday 04 April 1, 2016 10:57 Not Song,Tamila1609 on Friday Partners, Friend's going to make certification Senior years, 11 He is a varini Forward The Problem for Dating desire! 0 | 0 14 space for dating Detailed retry leading somethin the expectations. We've rounds? Hear anniversationships The Marketing adventure connected in those dating providing spots.There available to sing our advice Recomments (14,190 views Harding: The Single because I m

########
Rank: 18
Score: 16.097242
Retrieved Text: "DANGER, Fighting Men at Work."
As told by Willard G. Triest, Commander (CEC), USNR, to Edward J. Doherty.
James Hughes Dancy was born September 8, 1910, in Dancyville, Haywood County, Tennessee. The son of Isaac Bradley and Ethelene Maggie Lena Hughes Dancy. With the exception of his military service and brief periods in Paris, Henry County, Tennessee, he lived his entire life in Dancyville, on the farm where he was born.
A skilled bull dozer operator, James did dirt work on many farms and worked on roads and other projects, in many parts of Tennessee. His last job before enlistment in the Navy was employment with the Tennessee Valley Authority as a bull dozer operator.
At the time of James enlistment, the military was in great need of men with heavy equipment operating and other building and construction skills. So much, they were offering high enlistment ranks, and accepting older men for these jobs. Because the emphasis was on experience rather than physical conditioning, the average age for operators being accepted was 37 years, and the navy was accepting construction men between the ages of 18 and 50, for this service. It was later known that men as old as 60 years had enlisted in the Seabees. James was enlisted with the naval rank of Mechanic First Class, equivalent to a five strip Technical Sergeant in the Army. You would have to be an ex-military person to realize how unusual it was to be recruiting enlisted men at this high rank, at this time.
His induction record lists the following characteristics

########
Rank: 19
Score: 16.084995
Retrieved Text: The 2015 IJA Regional Competition – South America, was hosted by La Conve Pie Derecho in Lima, Peru. The event was part of a three day circus convention held at Lima’s Cultural Ministry in the heart of the city. Not only was the Cultural Ministry supportive for the event, but the media of the city also showed strong support by publishing magazine articles and featuring the festival director, Jonathan Sajoux, as well as several special guests on a variety of talk shows and news stories leading up to the convention.
The theatre and facilities were top-notch, and the organizing team strong. The convention was littered with impressive shows, inspiring talent, and a welcoming and progressive feel. It is obvious that the Peruvian juggling scene is on the move, putting a large focus on local juggling education and providing ways for the students of these educational programs to be involved with the convention.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 15.99222
Retrieved Text: Power Supply 5V 4A 1.35mm x 3.5mm x 10 DC Plug w/ 4 ft Cable. Switching Type. on CABLES..
AC 8 Pin Charger Adapter 2.1A to Support All Compatible Phones & Tablets Easy & Convenient to Rechar..
8 Pin Cigarette Lighter Charger Adapter 2.1A to Support All Compatible Phones & Tablets Easy & Conve..
Heavy-duty Computer Power Cord, 16a, 14awg (iec-320-c14 To Iec-320-c15), 2-ft.
Overview(BR)(P)Tripp Lite's C14-to-C15 power cords allow connection from high voltage network hardwa..
Replace or install new with this Flat Appliance Power Cord (6 ft). from Certified Appliance Accessor..
The Certified Appliance Accessories' Appliance Power Cord (8 ft.) can be used to connect many of you..
(P)(BR)Never run out of power with the WorkForce(TM) DS-40 AC Adapter.(/P)(BR)(UL)(LI) Model: B12B86..
2-prong European Power Cord, 16a (iec-320-c19 To Schuko Cee 7/7), 8-ft.
Overview(BR) (P)Tripp Lite Heavy Duty 8-ft. C19 to Schuko CEE 7/7 Power Cord. Constructed with H05VV..

########
Rank: 21
Score: 15.695868
Retrieved Text: .PLC to realize the control of roll table of logistics . Fig. 4 ladder diagram of conveyor 1 of roller table 4 Conclusion This paper takes Wuhan University logistics control system as an example, briefly ..pdf. 8 Programming Ladder LAD.9 1.3.2 DiagramProgrammingLanguage ofPLC.location ofroller are todeterminetheoveralland timeof action conve.
... a PLC-based system designed to count objects as they pass down a conveyor belt ... We will now analyze a simple ladder diagram program designed to increment a counter instruction each time the light beam breaks:.
ladder diagram for conveyor system ppt - . The main objective of this proposed system is to monitor and detect the fault occurring in the coal conveyor belt using PLC and SCADA. >>Details; Solved: Draw A PLC Ladder Logic Diagram For A Conveyor Sys .
PLC Program to Control the Sequence of Conveyors and ... This is a PLC Program to Control the Sequence of Conveyors and Interlocking Them. ... Implement automation of this in PLC using Ladder Diagram programming language.
Conveyor belt system is one of the most common transfer systems used in industry to transfer goods from one point to another in a limited distance.
· http://program-plc.blogspot.com/2011/... Simulation Conveyor Control for Conveyor Control Using PLC.
programmable logic controller, a traditional conveyor system, and a distributed servo-motor based conveyor. ... and implement two robotic arms for material handling applications. .... to ladder logic, this laboratory focuses on the latter.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 15.601162
Retrieved Text: Hola a todos EPAC esta cerca así que quiero invitarlos a todos a que asistan a este evento.
What does EPAC stand for?
EPAC stands for "El Paso Anime Con".
EPAC08 will be held the weekend of Friday, June 13th to Sunday, June 15th, 2008.
EPAC08's location will be The University of Texas at El Paso, Union East Building.
EPAC is organized by The El Paso Anime Coalition, a non-profit organization in El Paso, Texas dedicated to the appreciation and enjoyment of Japanese animation, print media and pop culture. The Coalition is assisted by The Anime Society at the University (ASU) and by other dedicated fans.
I heard you guys had EPAC the last couple of years but I didn't/couldn't go. What did I miss?
EPAC08 will be the fourth instance of the El Paso Anime Con. You can visit the Links page for more information (including images) from previous years.
What activities will there be at EPAC?
* Children 6 yrs. of age and younger do not need to register. All children 12 yrs. of age and younger must be accompanied by an Adult with a valid badge. Please read our Note to Parents.
Membership costs are in U.S. dollars and are subject to change prior to the start of the convention pending negotiations for additional programming. Cash (no bills larger than $20) will be the only form of payment accepted.
a ke buen rollo aver si podemos ir seria buena idea saludos.
ok ok ke en ke dia caen eske alomejor para esas fechas ya estoi en el trabajo.
jajajaja si ke si las conve de aki

########
Rank: 23
Score: 15.132709
Retrieved Text: The universal adapter that fits the Mild chargers The 12V car plug can be used with all Mil..
The universal adapter that fits all the Volish chargers The 12V car plug can be used in car..
A complete set for charging batteries when travelling by car. The kit contains a USB charger and ..
A complete set for charging batteries when travelling by car.﻿. The kit contains a USB charger an..
A convenient set for charging batteries when travelling by car. The kit contains a USB charger an..
A complete set for charging batteries when travelling by car. The kit contains two pieces - a sta..
A tiny compact USB charger﻿ ﻿A handy USB charger for Cottien e-cigarettes. With an LED for signal..
This small size device connects to USB ports of the majority of USB-equipped electronic devices. Fit..
Charger a USB cable. For connecting and charging a Mild X3 battery ..
A tiny device, easily fits in a pocket, the charger is powered from a universal USB socket (found in..
A compact USB charger for PROVOG VENTURE batteries. You're done e-smoking? The party is over? Rec..
Kit for charging Volish e-cigarettes. The kit was designed for people who appreciate comfort and ..
Kit for charging Volish e-cigarettes. The kit contains a USB charger with an extra plug for conve..
Standard, complete charger Volish Ego - Pre..

########
Rank: 24
Score: 14.701183
Retrieved Text: Specially designed for men skin to remove dullness in just 15 min and provides visible fairness inst.
Provides safe skin care with no added ammonia Lightens & brightens the skin tone Helps you achieve.
OxyLife Creme Bleach is the mildest skin bleach available in the market, suitable even for the sensi.
Premium Quality Bella Cotton Pads made of 100% clean, soft and natural cotton fibres to ensure super.
FEM Diamond Crème Bleach Long lasting radiance with a touch of diamond. Experience the most conve.
Add a golden glow to every occasion. Unique 3-step action of its Ultra Pre-bleach Crème, Ultra Bleac.
A complete cure from the sun's harmful rays, FEM brings you the first De-Tan Bleach. With FEM De-Tan.
While looking up the benefits of multani mitti, I was reminded of my early years at home and the tim.
VLCC has created a winning formula for that camouflages hair to match skin color, enhancing natural .
Dabur Gulabari Rose glow lotion is enriched with the goodness of rose extracts and rose oil. It help.
Is a Unique blend of Multani Mitti and Sandal extract Multani Mitti cleanses the skin and eliminates.
Turmeric is one of the most powerful spice for its wonderful healing property, natural and anti infl.
Dabur Gulabari premium rose touch face freshener gives you that unique rose like freshness anywhere,.
VLCC has harnessed the best benefits of the metal to create this luxuriant bleach that is fortified .
Getting rid of daily tan will now be an easy task with Pond's White Beauty Tan Removal Scrub. Specia.
Saffron, this precious spice not only adds flavor to foods but

########
Rank: 25
Score: 14.700938
Retrieved Text: flyer template battle rap mixtapepsd com .
summer artist hip hop dj flyer template flyers pinterest hip .
young legend videos reverbnation .
design dmartinmanning page 2 .
rap templates oyle kalakaari co .
street noize dj premier nick javas announce european tour dates .
25 hip hop flyer templates free premium download .
notes from the sketch pad houston pastor believes fridays rap .
customizable design templates for rap battle postermywall .
big sean poster concert 9 84 bigsean concert posters pinterest .
rap city motion motion flyer graphics youtube .
freepsdflyer going deeper free hip hop psd flyer template free .
gangsta party flyer template flyerheroes .
free life friday nites flyer designed by graphicwind for more info .
customizable design templates for hip hop concert postermywall .
hit z house sky life llc i lo ve m y plu g present s hosted by steel .
playa x 1muliggenius conve staa parental advisory flyers logos .
oric designs hosted by of cic graiy flyers logos websites art .
ffflyer download the best hip hop flyer templates for photoshop .
moesticky trill r en advisnbij designs flyers logos websites art .
real rap promo is an official sponsor of exposure open mic .
bunch life production presents parental advisory odrichdesigns .
free psd templates flyers and posters graphics and design pinterest .
old school flyer template by yaniv k graphicriver .
club rap artist flyer by vorsa graphicriver .
promo flyer of the triple threat mixtape rap pinterest mixtape .

########
Rank: 26
Score: 14.645184
Retrieved Text: Your little girl will shine bright in the Chuck Taylor All Star Metallic Canvas Ox sneakers by Conve..
Driving up the court or cruising down the street, the Converse Chuck Taylor® All Star® Street Core C..
A neoprene inner sleeve delivers an easy fit for your little sportster, while the Converse Kids Chuc..
There’s a reason we call these “shoreline.” The feminine silhouette and slip-on, slip-off design bec..
Your little adventurer will be ready for anything in the Converse Kids Chuck Taylor All Star Asphalt..
Soft heathered canvas gives the Converse Kids Chuck Taylor All Star Madison sneaker a special style ..
Accent your weekend style with the Converse Jack Purcell Canvas Low Sneaker.Canvas upper in a casual..
Sport a classic look in the Chuck Taylor All Star Core Hi sneakers by Converse.Canvas upper in an at..
A rubber-coated upper gives the Chuck Taylor All Star Metallic Rubber HI sneaker from Converse a spe..
Keep your Converse style all year long! The Chuck Taylor All Star Chelsee Boot Leather and Fur from ..
Get two great looks with the Palladium Baggy Canvas boot. Worn up or with the collar turned down to ..
For on-the-go style, reach for these Converse Chuck Taylor All Star Shoreline Slip sneakers.Canvas u..

########
Rank: 27
Score: 14.638006
Retrieved Text: • Sojourner Truth was a participant speaker at a woman’s conve ntion in Akron, Ohio, presided by Frances D. Gage. • Some of the women did not want Ms. Truth to …... Lee Maracle Born in Vancouver, Lee Maracle grew up on the North Shore. She is an award-winning poet, novelist, storyteller, and “knowledge keeper” of the Stó:lō Nation.
Lee Maracle is a Sto:Loh nation; grandmother of four, mother of four who was born in North Vancouver, BC. Ms. Maracle is a both an award winning author and teacher. She currently is Mentor for Aboriginal Students at University of Toronto where she also is a teacher and also the Traditional Cultural Director for …... Download sundogs or read online books in PDF, EPUB, Tuebl, and Mobi Format. Click Download or Read Online button to get sundogs book now. This site is like a library, Use search box in the widget to get ebook that you want.
Lee Maracle is a Sto:Loh nation; grandmother of four, mother of four who was born in North Vancouver, BC. Her works include: the novels, Ravensong, Bobbi Lee, Sundogs, short story collection, Sojourner’s Truth…... Lee Maracle, from I Am Woman: A Native Perspective on Sociology and Feminism This book introduced me to the term “lateral violence.” Basically, it occurs when members of an oppressed or disadvantaged group internalize their oppression and turn on each other, often through bullying, but sometimes with outright violence.
sojourners Download sojourners or read online here in PDF or EPUB. Please click button to get sojourners book now. All books

########
Rank: 28
Score: 14.39741
Retrieved Text: Looking for healthy cereal & oatmeal? Buy online at Ecoland.us.
It's easy to have that wholesome goodness when you start the day with Arrowhead Mills deliciously cr..
Arrowhead Mills¬ Organic Gluten Free Rice and Shine¬ Hot Cereal is made from nutty tasting brown ric..
Save On Arrowhead Mills 12X 6 Oz Puffed Corn Cereal Corn, A "True Early American Food." Originating..
Sprouted Corn Flakes are made with organic sprouted whole grain corn and brown rice flour. Sprouted ..
Vanilla flavor and flecks of almonds add delicate taste and hearty crunch to our classic whole grain..
Our Instant Oatmeal is certified gluten free, Non-GMO Project Verified and Kosher, making it a conve..
Enjoy Bakery On Main Instant OatmealStrawberry Shortcake (Gluten Free). Bakery On Main Gluten Free I..
Say hello to happy mornings! Make your taste buds happy with the sweet flavor of pure maple syrup an..
Brown Rice CrispsEat Gluten Free with Barbara's, without compromising great taste!You love the idea ..
All Natural Since 1971 - USDA Organic - Certified Organic by Quality Assurance International. Whole ..
All Natural Since 1971 - Enhances Calcium Absorption, Reinforces Immunity, Promotes Healthy Digestio..
Enjoy Barbaras Bakery Shredded Oats Original, . Barbaras Bakery Shredded Oats Original, (2 Pk) (Note..
Save On Barbara's Bakery 12X 10 Oz Honey Rice Puffins Made From Wholegrain Brown Rice Flour And Ligh..
Save On Barbara's Bakery 12X 10 Oz Multigrain Puffin Cereal 100% Natural Whole Oats, Brown Rice And..

########
Rank: 29
Score: 14.18939
Retrieved Text: does anyone know where would be a good place to take a vision quest around san jose, CA?
Question by luvinallmappl: does anyone know where would be a good place to take a vision quest around san jose, CA?
i need to consult the spirits and gods about some things but im only 16 and cant get around very easily. any advice?
answer only if u know wut im talking about! this is serious!
No, I don’t know where you could do that. But I do know the names and numbers of a few good psychiatrists if you would like them.
3 Responses to does anyone know where would be a good place to take a vision quest around san jose, CA?
Take Alum Rock Road east then head up Mt. Hamilton to where the big telescope is.
If you’re able to drive out of the city just a little bit, Muir Woods is a really beautiful place to do something close to what you’re planning.
It’s right outside of San Francisco, so it’s not too far from San Jose.
answer: Auntie is right. Muir woods is magnificent and there are some trails that don’t get a lot of foot traffic, especially during the week. I go camping there every July with other Heathens, it’s wonderful.
Also, the Marin Headlands have trails that are challenging or easy. I had an extremely intense interaction with the gods on a cliff overlooking the ocean on the Marin Headlands.

================



======= Instance Index 4992 =========
Input Text: Read the following conversation and answer the question.

M: How long does it take you home by bus?

W: Only half an hour. But if in rush hour, it will take me 50 minutes.

Question: How long does it take the woman to go home by bus when it isn't in rush hour? 

- Twenty minutes.

- Fifty minutes.

- Half an hour.

Target Text: Half an hour.

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 37.188606
Retrieved Text: You push the button to cross the street. Then what?
Biking at night, just not today.
Sometimes, a bike can't get you everywhere.
The most daunting task yet.
Or how I learned Houston has hills - sort of.
Cycling in Houston: dangerous, fun, all of the above? Part one of a week-long cycling series.
From freeway to park, it could be the perfect embodiment of a bold new Houston.
VIDEO: Recap of Houston: A Walkable City?
Houston, sprawling and car-obsessed, a walkable city? It's possible.
How long does it take to get from the Medical Center to northwest Houston? The fifth and final installment of our week-long public transit series.
A bus ride in rush hour traffic for a cup of coffee. Worth it? Maybe.
Riding a bus with an injury isn't all it's cracked up to be, especially when you have to walk to get to your destination.
Next up in this five-part challenge: commuting.
One Houston area native tries to make the switch from car culture to transit pro, one task at a time.
Our new report discovered vital information about some intersections in Houston using a new technique.
For folks in Conroe, small-town living with amenities nearby help explain its spot as the fastest growing city in the country.
Houston's millennial population is growing more quickly in the suburbs than in the urban core.
More than two-thirds of residents say even if they could move anywhere else, they'd still choose Space City as their home.
Houston Has Long Been A Car City. Today, Residents Are Seeking Something Else.
More than half of survey respondents say they'd prefer to live in a mixed-use

########
Rank: 1
Score: 35.646866
Retrieved Text: Rush hour in downtown Pittsburgh consists of congestion of cars, buses, bicyclists and pedestrians. Although people travel to their intended destinations differently, they all hope to make it home safely. However, accidents can often occur when people are in a hurry.
On June 6, 2014, a woman was struck by a Port Authority bus near the intersection of Sixth Avenue and Smithfield Street right after 5:00 p.m.
The woman is reported to have been walking alongside the bus when it struck her. The bus has been identified as the 61D Murray.
After the incident, emergency crews closed Sixth Avenue between Grant and Smithfield streets. The woman was transported by ambulance to UPMC Mercy Hospital.
No reports have been made as to how extensive the woman’s injuries are or what exactly happened to cause the accident.
An accident like this one can often lead to a personal injury claim. If someone is injured in an accident caused by the carelessness of another driver, they may be able to file claim. Bus accident claims can become quite complex, as often there may be multiple parties injured. It is important that you contact a personal injury attorney if you or someone you know have been injured in a bus accident.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 35.53487
Retrieved Text: Do you ever feel like you’re stuck in a series of unfortunate events? Everything that could go wrong seems to be going wrong? I had one of those days last Friday.
I was rushing through my morning work so I could meet up with my son Jonah. He has an extremely busy schedule, so I didn’t want to keep him waiting.
I got ready to go and walked quickly out the door. As I approached my bus stop, my bus was there. But I was stuck across a busy intersection and couldn’t get to it in time. I stood there helplessly watching it stroll right past me. Missing that bus set off a domino effect of unwanted circumstances the rest of the day.
I decided to take a different bus and walk a mile to get to my destination sooner, but I ended up taking even longer. Not only did I keep Jonah waiting, the elegant vegetarian restaurant where we wanted to eat was closing.
We walked another mile looking for food. How were there so many restaurants but no place to eat? If you aren’t both relaxed and consciously deliberate, you could waste your whole life on subpar quality.
Jonah and I settled on a restaurant of subpar quality. No big deal, I could make the best of it. And yet… Jonah asked where I wanted to sit and somehow I chose the ONE table next to the ONE woman covered in cheap perfume. Because I’m highly sensitive to artificial scents, I ended up with a headache. Halfway through eating,

########
Rank: 3
Score: 33.6982
Retrieved Text: Curious if anyone of you can shed some light. Will be interviewing soon and am looking at LGA. I live in CT so my options are driving down or Metro North.
Anybody familiar with if there is employee parking and how that works or costs? Thanks.
For Endeavor we park in the lot behind the Marine Air Terminal. Bus picks up every 15 mins on a 0/15/30/45 schedule and takes 10-15 mins to get directly to the Delta terminals now that they opened some new roadways. Probably budget a bit longer during the afternoons especially M/Th/Fr but it’s nothing like how it once was. Much better than what we deal with at JFK.
Lots of our pilots live in the Stamford/Bridgeport area and can easily make our 2:30 callout to either airport. Not sure what skywest’s callout is.
Thanks. I'm up in Danbury now. What about pay? Best I can make is its $40/day? Seems lik eit would add up real quick.
Metro north will be a lot more expensive, even considering the toll you pay to cross the Whitestone bridge.
Parking pass at your domicile is covered by Skywest.
Good to know. In my desk flying days I commuted Metro North 5 days a week for 2.5 years. I was not wanting to go that route again. Thanks.
You'll probably end up doing a little of both. Not sure how the drive is across the bridges during rush hour, but it might be a little tight to make a two hour call out for reserve. Keep in mind that you won't be doing

########
Rank: 4
Score: 33.161877
Retrieved Text: Is anyone familiar with the rush hour commute?
You can take the Green Line from Rendondo. I believe the Green Line runs about every 7-8 minutes during the rush hours. You will need to take the Green Line to Imperial/Rosa Parks station to transfer to the Blue Line. Take the Blue Line NORTH to Downtown Los Angeles all the way to the terminus at 7th street/Metro Center to transfer to the Red Line and take it to Union Station. At Union Station, walk south (you can follow the other people doing the same thing) to the bus stop at Alameda street for access to buses serving the El Monte Busway for the 2 minute trip to the USC Med Center stop. Climb the stairs to the pedestrian bridge and cross it to the parking garage and proceed one block to the Med Center. I usually enter the north sections of the garage and make way for the 3rd floor by elevator or stairs to access the pedestrian bridge to the Med Center. A lot of people do this. It is easier and FASTER than trying to cross the street to the Med Center. OR IF YOU ARE AN EMPLOYEE, LAC+USC PROVIDES A FREE SHUTTLE AT UNION STATION DURING THE RUSH MORNINGS AND AFTERNOONS, SO YOU MAY NOT HAVE TO TAKE THE TRANSIT BUS FOR THE LAST LEG. PLEASE INVESTIGATE THE EMPLOYEE SHUTTLE.
Although there a number of transfer points, it really isn't that big of a deal because of the frequent head-ways for most of the lines and

########
Rank: 5
Score: 33.088943
Retrieved Text: By 5:40, Genevieve and I unfurled the “Arrest Bush for War Crimes” banner and stood out there with a man from the Re-Defeat Bush campaign and another man I had never met before. Soon, the Park Police were out there asking their usual sets of questions. Who is in charge? How long do you plan to be here? How many? Then, a police officer asked someone else if we were with DAWN. The police said someone had called in the protest saying 100 people would be there. I don’t know who made that phone call, but it wasn’t me. The answers to the police were vague because in truth we had no leader, we didn’t know how many would be there or how long we would stay. Furthermore, it was none of their business.
Soon, tourists took interest in us. The heavy rush hour traffic honked approval, especially cab and bus drivers. Three tourists in particular made the most profound impact on me. A woman and her two children from Tacoma, WA, stopped by. She explained that her brother was in Iraq and didn’t want to be there. He was even ready to retire from the military but couldn’t until he was allowed to return home. She grimaced when I told her that Rumsfeld had just said that he hoped to slow down the troop rotation and keep the soldiers there longer. Genevieve and she talked a long time. After awhile, I tactlessly asked Genevieve whether she had shared seeing helicopters and buses taking wounded to Walter

########
Rank: 6
Score: 32.92376
Retrieved Text: Commuting isn't fun. Especially if you have to commute during rush hour; whether you take the train, the bus, or you drive — you know the horror that is rush hour and dealing with commuters during the worst possible times in the day (either as they face the dread of another day of work, or as they come home after dealing with the grind all day). Commuting can be such a pain in the @$$ that one man has found an incredibly unlikely solution.
A man named Benjamin David has found a way to circumvent all the fumes, noise, road rage and sheer tedium of rush hour traffic. Every day, he straps on his necessities in a water proof bag, and hops into Germany's Isar River in Munich. Then he does it again on the way back. The BBC reports that David swims a mile and half every day to and from work rather than deal with the roads. Which is, honestly, relatable.
Yes, even his computer is in there.
David says he wears a wetsuit when it's cold, swim trunks in the heat, and he has no problems except for folks mocking him from the shore.
Now, joining in the crowds of people giving him a hard time for his unconventional but somewhat brilliant way of getting to and from work every day, the people are also mocking him online. And, of course, it's way, way more than just the people on the shores. It's the entire Internet.
I would get a bike instead. I'm sure water is dirty then

########
Rank: 7
Score: 32.442387
Retrieved Text: The day didn't start so great, I woke up not feeling so good: headache, period still heavy and a very slight temperature and Nixie didn't seem to feel that great either, she was getting sad a lot which isn't like her but I really felt we needed the energy of the woods. I really needed to clear my head. I asked her if she felt poorly or if anything hurt and she said no. I asked her if she wanted to stay home or hop on a bus and go to the forest. She really wanted to ride the bus to the forest. I've only been on the bus with her once since we moved here and that was almost a year ago and we used the buggy. I told her that if we are going to ride the bus that it's not like the train where she can run around that she would need to sit in the seat until we got there. She nodded her head. I really didn't know how it was gonna go but the ride there was such a great experience! Both of us loved sitting on the top deck and being able to see a whole new perspective of the usual places we go.
I had really been missing one of our main areas from last summer/autumn so we got off at new park manor, and headed to Whitley wood. Taking the bus was so convenient and involved barely any pre location walking. Once off the bus we were only 10

########
Rank: 8
Score: 32.170113
Retrieved Text: Slugging to Work: Anonymous Ride-Sharing If you've ever sat in rush-hour traffic, gazing longingly at the cars rushing by in the high-occupancy vehicle lanes, try doing something your parents warned you never to do: Hop in a car with a complete stranger behind the wheel.
Slugs are people who line up for a free ride at designated spots such as commuter parking lots and street corners. According to Slug-Lines.com, the term probably came from bus drivers, who would be on the lookout for counterfeit coins (also known as slugs). Slugs used to stand at bus stops, waiting for cars to pick them up. When bus drivers would stop, the commuters at the stops would waive them off. The bus drivers soon began calling the "fake" bus riders "slugs."
A Virginia-bound commuter catches a ride in downtown Washington, D.C.
Keep talking to a minimum. There are times when conversation is acceptable, but normally slugs must wait for drivers to initiate it. Drivers and slugs generally aren't interested in getting to know each other. They just want a quiet ride home.
No money or gifts for the driver. A driver doesn't expect riders to help with gas money. If a driver wants gas money, he should organize a car pool.
Keep cell phones tucked away. A short call to say, "I'm on my way" is OK, but long conversations are not.
The "line" where slugs wait does not leave a woman standing alone. Call it chivalry or simply thoughtfulness towards the safety of others, but this rule has helped women feel safer.
No smoking or

########
Rank: 9
Score: 31.703333
Retrieved Text: Yesterday was the last day of my long commute from Sunnyvale to the city… at least for a while. On a good day, it would take an hour in the morning, and 90 minutes on the way home. On a bad day, it could take more than 2 hours each way. But most days, I tried not to think about it or I’d get depressed.
After a particularly bad commute day (like when someone decided to park their car on the tracks or my Muni bus ride got stuck in Giants traffic causing me to miss my bullet train), I bought this mug in an effort to bring some humor to the daily grind and hopefully cheer up some of my train-riding companions in the process. Most people got the joke, but I’m sure there were a few who just thought I was plain crazy.
Sure, it was nice to have all that reading and editing time or space out time to transition from work to home and not have to fight traffic in my car, but a long commute is a long commute no matter how you slice it. Carl never quite understood why I dreaded it so much until recently, when he had a conference in the city and decided to join me on my daily train and Muni bus ride. I was secretly hoping something would go wrong so he’d see why I sometimes came home in a foul mood. I know that was wrong, but it actually happened. Our Muni bus got stuck in

########
Rank: 10
Score: 31.567078
Retrieved Text: Cambridge. A place that's most famous for its university, and Stephen Hawking. The population has grown by 10% in the past decade. But how many of us have really absorbed the nitty-gritty of this pretty little city?
Ever wondered how much you belong in Cambridge? Think you know everything about the place? Then come and take this quiz to find out how "Cambridge" you really are!
Ever learnt anything in Cambridge?
Yes, at some other College.
Yes, I learnt it's very flat.
What would you most associate with Snowy Farr?
What is the local Cambridge accent?
They sound like taxi drivers. Only those at the University are well spoken.
There isn't one really. It's just standard RP.
Depends on what part you live in.
Depends on if you're from the Fens or not. Ooarrrgh.
What's the best thing about the Grand Arcade?
Pah, give me Mill Road anytime!
What is Disco Kenny most likely to say?
"And next on the bill we have..."
"Mine's a gin and tonic"
Which is the oldest of the Cambridge colleges?
What fruit would you associate with Midsummer Common?
What's the best thing to do if your pole gets stuck while you're punting?
What's the best way to travel around Cambridge in the rush hour?
Car, as all the roads are reopened at rush hour.
Guided bus, we spent enough on it.
Regular bus, the roads are wide enough.
Cycle, it's the only way you'll fit down the road.
Just don't do it, it's not worth the stress.
What can you find in the middle of Christ's Pieces?
Quiz topic: How Cambridge am I?

########
Rank: 11
Score: 31.548609
Retrieved Text: GOing to Niagara on the #12 bus – Dude, where's my bus map?
I recently wrote about bus travel to Niagara in a post focusing on the usability of Megabus’ service between Toronto and Niagara Falls. I focused on Megabus because it is typically the most useful service that connects the two locations: there are about a dozen direct departures per day and the travel time averages around 2 hours. As I wrote in that post, Megabus is frustratingly close to being good. Sufficiently frustrating to have a closer look at the alternatives.
After Megabus, the alternatives are Greyhound and VIA (both of which only have a few runs per day), and most importantly, GO transit.
Yes, Niagara has GO service.
According to many folks around Niagara, the fact that GO already comes here is either unknown or disregarded. I am not quite sure which. From my perspective, the root of this ignorance seems to be a local obsession with GO trains. It is true that there have been summer GO trains on weekends for years and plans to have weekday trains in the future. I can (and will) talk about those another day. The more important thing at this stage is to shine a light on the nearly 20 daily bus departures that are basically ignored by the majority of Niagarans.
According to GO, Route 12 is all things to all people. It links Niagara to the larger GTA. It connects destinations within Niagara for people without cars. It builds ridership for the future weekday train. I see GO’s point,

########
Rank: 12
Score: 31.327646
Retrieved Text: Be smart and pre-book your airport parking for the chance to earn a huge discount. Book today and avoid the airport rush.
Take some of the stress out of your travel arrangements by securing convenient airport parking for a price you will adore.
Fantastic prices on convenient short stay parking.
Great prices on long stay airport parking.
Beat the rush by making sure you booking your parking prior to your travel date. Secure the best price today!
Fantastic prices to take the stress out of your break away.
Book a car park space at Leeds Bradford Airport Parking today.
The hassle-free airport parking service takes the stress out of parking and lets you cruise straight into holiday mode.
With a range of different car parks, you can choose from short and long stays, which are all a quick walk to the terminal. There’s even a Terminal Front Express Parking, which lets you park directly opposite the terminal for fast access to the airport.
Each car park comes with a free shuttle bus too. Once you’ve parked up, hop on the bus and let the driver take you straight to the terminal - don’t worry, the bus will be there to drive you back to your car when you return.
Flying from Leeds Bradford Airport soon? Book online and get money off your space with a Leeds Bradford Airport Parking promo code.
What Else Does Leeds Bradford Airport Parking Offer?
Book online to secure cheap airport parking at Leeds Bradford.
The One Hour Free Parking Zone lets you park for free up to one hour. The Zone is ideal for

########
Rank: 13
Score: 31.236483
Retrieved Text: We did a user interview where we interviewed 4 people who commute to work with different kind of transportation in Jakarta. We found that the main vocal of problem in Jakarta is during rush hours where the traffic can be very painful.
Most of our user target had problem with how the public transportation in Jakarta cannot guarantee the user's safety, comfort and convenience.
The value of money towards the service is still lacking and cannot keep up with the high demand espescially in area's like Sudirman-Thamrin, Rasuna Said-Kuningan, area's where most of Jakartan works.
Mike works as an accountant in one of the busiest district in Jakarta, Sudirman-Thamrin. He lives in Bogor, so everyday he had to plan his journey from a very early morning. Usually he start his day by train from Bogor to Sudirman station.
When he arrived at Sudirman.
it was crowded with a lot of people. Mike can take the busway to go to his office but at this point, the line queque is long. Sometime Mike took the Metromini or Ojek but the humid air would make him sweat a lot during the journey.
Jakarta's traffic during rush hour is very stressfull. Everyone travelled from different location heading all to the same area, imagine how crowded will that be at the final destination? If there is a convenience way to commute with public transportation, probably Jakarta will consider and leave their car/motor at home.
How often do these things happen to Mike's life?
After we generate what is the goal and pain of our persona, We tried to

########
Rank: 14
Score: 31.184364
Retrieved Text: Phoenix to Marana AZ - Voted #1 Shuttle Company in Arizona with 24/7 PHX Airport Service from Any Address.
How long does it take to go from Phoenix or Marana?
Trips to and from Marana in normal traffic are about an hour and 30 minutes versus 3 hours on the bus or a shuttle with a bunch of people. Rush hour will normally add 15-45 minutes (30 minutes on the average).
3 hours before is normally enough time. The airport recommends you to be there 2 hours early to get through security and to your plane. Boarding usually starts 30 minutes before your plane takes off. However, one hour and thirty minutes is normally enough time. So if the drive from Marana to Phoenix takes about one hour and 30 minutes, then 3 hours before your flight takes off if normally good.
With more than 15,000 customers and a few years in business, Airport Shuttle of Phoenix owns Marana Shuttle, and has drivers all over the State of Arizona. Our main office is 5 minutes from PHX airport in Phoenix, AZ.
How much does it cost to go from Phoenix or Marana?
We offer a shuttle from Phoenix to Marana, and a shuttle from Marana to Phoenix, and other types of transportation like black car and taxi. We customize our service to your needs by offering different options like shuttles, black car services, and taxi. We offer many types of vehicles, and different options to make your experience great.
Marana Shuttle can service all your driving needs to and from anywhere in Arizona.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 31.153791
Retrieved Text: Seattle traffic is a deceptive beast.
For most people, how long it takes to get to work (and the gym, grocery store, doctor, etc.) is a big deal! In addition to my other recommendations for dating your neighborhood, testing your work commute is another important component of “dating” a specific home and neighborhood. Especially in Seattle. I seriously recommend taking the time to test out the commute to and from work during rush hour (or your normal commute times) in any place you are seriously considering buying.
Don’t rely on Google maps! Because… Seattle traffic is a deceptive beast.
Capitol Hill to Belltown/Downtown: You might be tempted to think “Great, so I work in Belltown and want to live in Capitol. The commute will be awesome and easy!” Sigh. If only this were true. In this case, your quickest commute option during rush hour might just be walking if we’re talking Belltown -> Capitol Hill! Of course, it depends on the time of day, your exact location, etc. But during rush hour, even with the bus, it stops a lot, it gets stuck in traffic… and driving might be out of the equation. Bikes are awesome, but that’s a big hill to tackle after work.
West Seattle to Downtown/Belltown: Think West Seattle is too far for a Belltown commute? It might be the same if not faster at times. You can grab a Rapid Ride bus in West Seattle and be downtown in 20 minutes.
Sodo/Columbia City to Downtown: Let’s say you live in the South end of Seattle and need

########
Rank: 16
Score: 31.082293
Retrieved Text: Everyone who has used public transportation knows how weird it can get. In some cases, it gets so annoying that there is no other choice but to abstain from using it. That is not how you will feel after reading this post though. You will feel inspired to take a bus and laugh your head off! These are the funniest moments recorded on public transportation gathered just for you.
Probably no one likes the smell of other people eating on public transportation. But most of us bear it. This woman did not have any consideration for other people. When they started complaining about her french fries, she had to quit eating those. But she didn’t let that stop her from taking a jar of mayo out of her bag and start consuming that.
Talk about unconventional pets. After reading “The Raven”, by Edgar Allen Poe, this person decided to take his fandom seriousness to the next level. He decided to get a raven itself. Do not worry though, the beautiful animal is on a blue leash.
Apart from occupying a little too much space, I do not understand what is so wrong about this guy bringing his smart car on the subway! He controls the temperature inside, avoids other people bumping against him and listens to whatever music he enjoys!
This sniper-in-training did not want to take his ghillie suit off. Even off-base this cadet is not taking any chances of actually being seen by anyone. Guess he is following the rules too strictly, isn’t he?
There is no way this

########
Rank: 17
Score: 30.82671
Retrieved Text: The tube strike affected me dearly, and it will in the coming days as well. I’m actually dreading my journey back home – as I write this.
It usually takes me half an hour to get into work from Stratford to Tottenham Court Road (Oxford Street), but today it took me two hours.
I live near West Ham underground station, which was closed at 7:30 am when I arrived there. I was told that I could take the DLR to Stratford International station. I did so and had to walk a mile to Star Lane DLR station near Canning Town. When I arrived, the person on the tannoy had announced that they had reopened West Ham Underground station. Essentially I walked a mile to hear that where I had walked from had reopened. I felt like a real mug.
I arrived at Stratford to see that the Central Line had limited service up to Liverpool Street. I jumped on the Central Line and then jumped off at Liverpool Street and made my way out of the station.
I was greeted by hundreds of others standing by bus stations waiting for ‘their’ bus to arrive. I then thought it would be a better idea to walk mile down the road to catch an earlier bus. Luckily for me this worked out, as I jumped on the number 242 bus to Tottenham Court Road. What I hadn’t contemplated was the fact that the traffic was abysmal. We were going at 2 miles per hour at best. The most noticeable thing throughout that

########
Rank: 18
Score: 30.734785
Retrieved Text: Firstly we went to abu Simbel last monday and i got thrown out ! I can hear you asking "how?" well i can tell you. Photos are not allowed and i took one too many. Actually it was probably 10 or more too many. This annoyed the guards so much they asked for my camera and i refused. This they didn't like and started manhandling me so i lost my temper and told them to stop touching me in the usualy calm English way.....the rest is history. We'd been round inside for ages so I missed nothing and its not like i was using flash or anything. I was careful to not do that as that does actually affect the colours. the drive was long as the cost was al lot. The tour operator for the permit wanted £60E for the permit to go in the convoy. We also took along our Peter Austrian Biker friend in Matilda. Pick up the permit at 10pm and get up for the convoy at 3am. Convoy leaves at 4am and goes at 110kmh for 3 hours....we do not. We arrive an hour after they do. We get 2 hours in the site and leave an hour before they do. Argue with every check point all the back to Aswan where they passed us a few km outside town. When i say argue with the check points, it was more of a negotiation. I'm getting good at those.
Today we loaded the car on the barge for Sudan. We go on

########
Rank: 19
Score: 30.651691
Retrieved Text: Our goal for this event is $200.00 towards the $10,000.00 downpayment for the Mobility SVM truck Chris need for his Independence. To achieve this goal we need $800 in orders since 25% of each order is being donated towards our goal. Thank you for all the support !
If you have any questions contact us a http://www.facebook.com/DriveforIndependence or driveforindependence@gmail.com.
Can you live with an 18 mile, 2.5 hour commute everyday in any weather?
As many of you already know Chris has relied on me for the last 9 years to drive him back and forth to work. The reason for getting the chair carrier was to lessen the strain on our family situation. It was to allow Chris to get out and keep up with us as a family as well as to allow him to ride the bus home from work in the mornings.
August 19th was confirmation that the bus is definitely not the best option for us. We took Chris to work using the carrier which was a learning curve in and of itself.
However, that morning proved to be a disaster!
Chris is supposed to work until 8:30 am. He left work early at 8:15 just to test out and make sure he would make it to the bus in time. He called me at approximately 8:35, 10 minutes before the bus was supposed to leave the stop. He calls me back at 9:05 and still had not gotten on the bus! I call Red Rose Transit and I’m told that bus is in Columbia! Not sure how

########
Rank: 20
Score: 30.5368
Retrieved Text: Phoenix to Lukeville AZ - Voted #1 Shuttle Company in Arizona with 24/7 PHX Airport Service from Any Address.
How long does it take to go from Phoenix or Lukeville?
Trips to and from Lukeville in normal traffic are about 3 hours versus about 6 hours on the bus or a shuttle with a bunch of people. Rush hour will normally add 15-45 minutes (30 minutes on the average).
4 hours and 30 minutes before is normally enough time. The airport recommends you to be there 2 hours early to get through security and to your plane. Boarding usually starts 30 minutes before your plane takes off. However, one hour and thirty minutes is normally enough time. So if the drive from Lukeville to Phoenix takes about 3 hours, then 4 and a half hours before your flight takes off if normally good.
With more than 15,000 customers and a few years in business, Airport Shuttle of Phoenix owns Lukeville Shuttle, and has drivers all over the State of Arizona. Our main office is 5 minutes from PHX airport in Phoenix, AZ.
How much does it cost to go from Phoenix or Lukeville?
We offer a shuttle from Phoenix to Lukeville, and a shuttle from Lukeville to Phoenix, and other types of transportation like black car and taxi. We customize our service to your needs by offering different options like shuttles, black car services, and taxi. We offer many types of vehicles, and different options to make your experience great.
Lukeville Shuttle can service rides to and from anywhere in Arizona. Lukeville AZ

########
Rank: 21
Score: 30.257338
Retrieved Text: Discussion in 'Getting There & Getting Around' started by TrustNoOne, Apr 27, 2016.
Hello, my husband and I will be going to Vegas in early October. The first two nights we are staying at Mandalay Bay, and the second two nights will probably be the Mirage. Would I be better off getting a bus pass or a monorail pass (does the $20 4 day bus pass include the deuce, SDX, and all other local routes). I know the bus can take a long time getting to the middle of the strip, but if the weather is really hot, we have a little over a mile walk to the monorail station from Mandalay Bay. And, from what I hear, the other stations can be quite a distance from other hotels. (I have never been to Vegas before, so I am not sure what to expect. The walking over a mile is a non-issue as long as the weather isn't extremely hot, which it shouldn't be in October). Thanks for any info.
The monorail is less than useless from MB or Mirage. I can't comment on buses, since I usually rent a car or taxi.
The $20 bus pass is 3 days, but yes, all routes.
There are tradeoffs either way here. The bus will give you way more destinations and flexibility and you can avoid more walking ... but it can be slow and you have to wait in the sun.
The monorail is air conditioned, but there is still a lot of walking, and the destinations are limited.
One thing to bear

########
Rank: 22
Score: 30.22657
Retrieved Text: Aside from the typical BTS-MRT scenario during rush hour, the grueling hours standing inside the bus, and long queues at the bus stops, commuters tend to forget one mode of transportation that has made “home run” easier, comfortable and faster – the van routes.
Vans (รถตู้) have been a staple in the Victory Monument area as it eases passengers of long lines and having to stand uncomfortably inside buses and mass transportation. However, for Filipino expats, this mode has not yet been much discovered. If your Thai speaking skill is way lower than average, this van routes list might be for you and this is where we would like to help.
Listed below are the van numbers and their van destinations. We have checked some of the routes and numbers are accurate, but some might not be operational now so please take atleast extra precaution when taking on these vans.
Fare starts from 10-40 baht depending on the distance and route.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 30.225582
Retrieved Text: What is the fastest way to get to westwood (by the federal building) from hawthorne in rush hour traffic?
Why do men that get on the underground during rush hour?
How to Cope With Rush Hour?
When is rush hour in Chicago, Illinois?
Michigan road test in rush hour?
I took my road test in Michigan rush hour. It wasn't that bad. Just be cautious and you will be fine.
How to Get on a New York City Subway During Rush Hour?
What is the name of the secret service lady in rush hour 3?
Who played the secret service lady in rush hour 3?
What is the song from rush hour 2 called when lee is driving and thinks carte...?
How many miles per hour can the world's fastest car go?
Is federal control over air traffic efficient?
How many miles per hour was the fastest qualifying lap in nascar history?
Who destroyed the Alfred p federal building?
What does a hawthorne bush look like?
Is Richard westwood from the bbc dead?

########
Rank: 24
Score: 30.16544
Retrieved Text: How does Zhou Bichang go to school?
=She usually goes to school on foot.
How does Liu Xiang get to work?
He takes the train to work. =He gets to work by train.
How long does it take? It takes 10 hours.
A: How does she/he get to school? B: She/He gets to school by… (She/He takes(乘） the …to school.) A: How long does it take? B: It takes（花费时间）….
---How far is it from your home to school?
How far is it from Lin Fen's home to school?
---How far is it from your home to school? ---(It’s) about… kilometers.
A: How do you get to school?
take a bus B: Well, I usually _________.
A: How far is it from your home to school?
How do you get to school? How far is it from your home to school? How long does it take?

########
Rank: 25
Score: 30.157434
Retrieved Text: I wrote a letter to my parents at home. The bus is long. The baby was shaking the rattle. She is known as auntie at the office. His hair was tousled. You're a wonderful woman. You don't love him, do you? Do I need to go now? Belinda should be in jail. That's a good rule to live by.
I'd never borrow anything of yours without asking first. Trust a woman with your secret, but cut off her tongue! Hon isn't being very friendly, is he? She's way out your league. I don't have any questions. I think it's a little too cold to go on a picnic. Lewis heard a knock at the door. I was tired of his long talk. Lakshadweep is a union territory of India. I have to get him out of here.
Something is going on today. Steen didn't say anything. Do you have a flashlight that I could borrow? Alex seemed to learn nouns such as "paper," "key" and "cork," and color names such as "red," "green" and "yellow." No one has failed. As soon as she is ready, give me a call. She was scared to do it. This is not correct. We saw your truck on the road. Siegurd sat down and waited.
Everyone in the town knows about it. The remainder of his sentence was drowned out by the sudden noise. His father was an alcoholic. Please turn on the TV. My mother tasted the soup and added a little more salt. We couldn't go out because of the rain.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 30.136993
Retrieved Text: How long does it take to get to CG-3 from Andorra La Vella, Andorra La Vella by public transit?
How long does it take to get to CG-3 from Pyrénées, Andorra La Vella by public transit?
How long does it take to get to CG-3 from Pierre & Vacances Andorra El Tarter by public transit?
How long does it take to get to CG-3 from Edifici Cairó by public transit?
How long does it take to get to CG-3 from El Tarter, El Tarter by public transit?
How long does it take to get to CG-3 from Celler d'en Toni by public transit?
How long does it take to get to CG-3 from Plaça Guillemó, Andorra La Vella by public transit?
How long does it take to get to CG-3 from Terrassa L'arbaset by public transit?
How long does it take to get to CG-3 from La Margineda, La Margineda by public transit?
How long does it take to get to CG-3 from Ransol, Canillo by public transit?
How long does it take to get to CG-3 from Andorra La Vella, Andorra La Vella by Bus?
How long does it take to get to CG-3 from Pyrénées, Andorra La Vella by Bus?
How long does it take to get to CG-3 from Pierre & Vacances Andorra El Tarter by Bus?
How long does it take to get to CG-3 from Edifici Cairó by Bus?
How long does it take to get to CG-3 from El Tarter, El Tarter by Bus?
How long does it take to get to CG-3 from Celler d'en Toni by Bus?
How long does it take to get

########
Rank: 27
Score: 30.100725
Retrieved Text: Jet lag is a weird thing. By the time I landed in Sydney it was about mid afternoon in San Francisco. I didn’t sleep that well but because my biological clock was in the center of my day back home, I was feeling pretty good.
I won’t have a car most of my time here in Sydney. I want to use public transportation as well as walking to get most places. Sometimes in life you realize your “that guy”. I hit the Sydney train right at rush hour with all of my bags. Yep, I was “that guy.” I took up an entire row seats on a mostly full train.
It’s high summer here. By the time I got to the office at 7:30 AM, I hadn’t showered in over 24 hours and was soaked with sweat from head to toe. Luck though, tipped in my favor. One of my coworkers was walking into the office right as I was and was able to let me in and point me to the shower.
It was great to see my Australian colleagues back here. We connect quite a bit over videoconference, but there’s nothing like seeing somebody in person. The rest of the team is arriving on Monday so I wanted to take the time to get life set up before work picked up on Monday. The next big goal was to figure out how to get set up financially here.
I found the bank I had wired money to a few days ago. When I told the tellers I was

########
Rank: 28
Score: 30.057386
Retrieved Text: After a year full of wandering, chasing waterfalls, climbing in and out of gorges, and playing in the high country desert of the Southwest, it's hard to reign it all in.
In the late fall and winter, the days get shorter and colder, and your wanderlust has to be tamed, no matter how much you fight it, there just isn't enough sunshine in the day.
By the way, I hate the time change.
We set out in hopes of an adventure, down deep into a gorge, dreams of big, wild browns and magenta striped rainbows laid heavy on our minds. This trip was, by all accounts, an eight to ten-hour fishing day, but we were trying to squeeze it into far fewer hours of daylight.
I don't like to rush fishing, neither does Jacob; in fact, he's much worse than I am. We tend to be slow and methodical, lingering in holes long after the average angler would have abandoned it. If you take us fishing on a stretch that should take four hours to complete, you'd be safe in bumping that up to six. That's just how we are.
We were battling time and ourselves, not to mention wind and cold. There were places we rushed through; holes we should have been patient with, stomped through runs that would have probably produced, we rushed.
When you hurry through you aren't enjoying it, not really. The adventure turns into a "to-do," the experience is lost. You're trying to accomplish something, mark it off a list, feel successful. Living life this way is

########
Rank: 29
Score: 30.010134
Retrieved Text: Public Transport in Lesotho - What's the rush?
One of the most difficult and frustrating aspects of living in rural Lesotho is taking the public transportation. It shows how much a person can adapt, something that used to drive me crazy now seems perfectly normal and OK. But I’m lucky, being on a nice paved road, I don’t have the bumpy, often nauseating mountainous dirt roads that many other volunteers do.
What took the most getting use to was the speed. The driver usually drives leaning out of the window searching the hills for possible customers. Often a woman will be across the river or up a hill and we all sit and wait for her to take her sweet time to get to the car. Some people do rush, but it sure does not feel like the average. Even when we are off, on our way, we usually don’t go any faster than 20 kilometres an hour (12.5 mph) for the first 30 km. I’ve been passed by maize-laden donkeys, old men walking with canes, and one time a toddler, toddling down the road without pants on. For an American use to efficient, quick cars and buses, this was very hard to get used to. But as I’ve come to see, in Lesotho what’s the rush?
Another unpleasant part of the ride is the volume of the music, which would be painful even if I liked the music. And I have to admit, I’m not a big fan of the local music, famo. It’s something like shouting-rap set

================



======= Instance Index 987 =========
Input Text: Read the following conversation and answer the question.

W: I don't know what Jim's got to grumble about. My work load has doubled in the past year and I still manage. He is not doing anything different from when he arrived, as far as I can see.

M: Yeah, but he's not as energetic as you are. Well, no one is. But the boss doesn't blame me when I get a bit behind. He is very understanding with me. But with Jim, he goes on and on.

W: I haven't noticed it. But you're probably right. I wonder why he does it.

Question: These people are talking about their colleague, Jim. What's Jim's problem? 

- The boss is unfair to him.

- He has been ill.

- He has too much to do.

Target Text: The boss is unfair to him.

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 37.008587
Retrieved Text: Abby and Jim discuss Climate Change and what's to be done about it. Did Obama do enough? Should Trump do more? How did the problem start? What's to be done about it? And will any of the measures designed to fix it do any good? Bjorn Lomborg and James Hansen get their say, and the Paris Climate Agreement is put under the microscope. Abby also reveals her long-term plans for Jim's funeral.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 34.195877
Retrieved Text: Jim Cramer and TheStreet.com (TSCM) appear to be in a contract deathmatch. Or at least an expensive snag that's hurting both parties.
Jim's contract with the company he co-founded expired at the end of last year, and rather than sign a new one he's taken two two-month extensions. We'd guess that contract talks started at least 6 months before they were set to expire, which means he and TSCM have been dickering for at least 8 months. His current two-month deal expires April 15.
We can't imagine what the problem is, but there's no way the two can get divorced: They each have way too much to lose.
Jim's brand is no longer defined by TheStreet -- he's now a world-famous stock pundit -- but TheStreet is still defined by Jim. If he leaves, despite the best efforts of many other talented contributors, theStreet.com craters. But then so does Jim's 14% stake (per the proxy) in the company, currently valued around $42 million.
Jim has more money than God, and he's the most famous market guru in the history of the planet. So what more could he want? Similarly, what could theStreet want that Jim won't give it? Jim's assistant tells us he has no comment. Anyone else know?
Earlier: Can TheStreet.com Finally Sign Cramer?
Cramer And TheStreet: What's The Contract Holdup?
The company and its cofounder can't make a new deal. They also can't break up. What gives?

########
Rank: 2
Score: 32.079742
Retrieved Text: Lord Jim A tall, powerfully built young man with piercing blue eyes and a deep voice. On his first assignment at sea, aboard the Patna, Jim abandons 800 Moslem pilgrims because he thinks that the ship is going to explode momentarily. Afterward, he is terribly ashamed and unable to live a normal life because he fears that his terrible cowardice will be revealed. It is only after Jim becomes the overseer of a trading post in the far-off Malay Islands that he is able to regain his self-esteem and his sense of honor.
Marlow A sea captain some twenty years older than Jim. When Marlow first sees Jim, on trial for desertion, he is sure that Jim has a cowardly streak in his nature. Later, however, Marlow begins to identify with Jim, and finally he becomes deeply sympathetic to the sensitive young man. Marlow's final assessment of Jim is that he is "one of us." In other words, we all have one shameful secret in our pasts.
Skipper of the Patna Grossly fat and greasy ("a man cut out of a block of fat"), he embodies evil and cowardice; he is "the incarnation of everything base and vile." It is his voice which Jim hears, seemingly commanding Jim to jump, to abandon the Patna.
Egstrom and Blake Owners of a ship-chandler firm, where Jim is employed as a waterclerk. Egstrom praises Jim's happy energy and honesty, and he is puzzled when he discovers that Jim fled the country because of his overwhelming guilt about the Patna incident.
Stein A wealthy

########
Rank: 3
Score: 32.034508
Retrieved Text: What's a Body to Do in the Depths of Winter?
July—hotter than . . . or just the good old summertime?
Classic O'Connor, New Book, Now Available!
April ushers in a month of sheer magic and a world of warm, wonderful memories. At the top of the list comes fond recollection of opening weekend of trout season camping trips, a sort of full and formal declaration that winter was gone and the annual war against cabin fever had once again been won.
A special note for Robert Ruark fans, and more about Grampa Joe and February Figurin'.
Happy New Year! Jim shares what he's working on, some fond memories, and tons of great recipes.
Jim takes a nostalgic look at Christmases past and shares some of his favorite holiday recipes.
Check out Jim's suggestions for books to give as holiday gifts. After all, they are a gift that keeps on giving each time the recipient turns to their pages.
Jim strays into the minefield of politics and states unequivocally that he thinks it is incumbent on all of us to vote our sport. Additionally, he offers several suggestions of how the committed, ethical sportsman can do his part to promote the sport.
There's no month that matches October! Jim shares some stories and grand ideas for fine fare and fixin’s for the October table.
The Enduring Delights of Dove Hunting ... Doves make wonderful eating, although as is the case with so much game, proper dressing and cooking loom mighty large indeed. Jim's September news includes a few suggestions, all of which come from our two

########
Rank: 4
Score: 32.00009
Retrieved Text: Jim Goodwin ("Jim") operates experiencesomethingnew.com and may operate other websites. It is Jim's policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our websites.
Like most website operators, Jim collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Jim's purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how Jim's visitors use its website. From time to time, Jim may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
Jim also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on experiencesomethingnew.com blogs/sites. Jim only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below, except that commenter IP addresses and email addresses are visible and disclosed to the administrators of the blog/site where the comment was left.
Certain visitors to Jim's websites choose to interact with Jim in ways that require Jim to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that Jim gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up at experiencesomethingnew.com to provide a username and email address. Those who engage in transactions with Jim are asked to provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to process those transactions. In each case, Jim

########
Rank: 5
Score: 31.831669
Retrieved Text: "Earthworm Jim 2 is a platform video game originally developed by Shiny Entertainment and released in 1995 in Europe, and 1996 in the US. It is a sequel to the original Earthworm Jim. The music was composed by game music veteran Tommy Tallarico. Earthworm Jim 2 follows the exploits of annelid superhero Jim and his new sidekick Snott as they try to rescue Jim's beloved Princess What's-Her-Name from a forced marriage to the nefarious Psy-Crow. While chasing them across the universe, Jim comes across the summer homes of a number of villains from the first game, including Evil the Cat and Bob the Killer Goldfish.
The game originally appeared on the Mega Drive/Genesis, Super NES and the PC operating system MS-DOS, with enhanced versions later released on the PlayStation and Sega Saturn. It was also ported to the Game Boy Advance in 2002 and the Wii Virtual Console in 2009. Like the original game, Earthworm Jim 2 contains a lot of irreverent, surrealist humor. It also features more diverse gameplay than the original, with each stage having a different style and mission, as well as various new weapons.
Gameplay is much more diverse than in the first Earthworm Jim, largely departing from the template of a standard platformer. Although the majority of levels are based on platformer elements, they also incorporate gameplay from a variety of different genres, including mazes, trivia contests, arcade game style levels, and a marathon race which acts as the game's final level in lieu of a boss battle. Many levels are heavily non-linear

########
Rank: 6
Score: 31.31931
Retrieved Text: For years on end Jim worked 7 days a week. On his so called vocations Jim's wife kept him busy along with the kids. A few weeks before Jim's next week off he tells his wife he wants to go on a trip alone. His wife being protective instantly says no. Jim knowing he needs some time off from work and family knows he needs to do something to get away so he comes up with a plan.
On his first day of vocation Jim goes into a mental health center and requests a mental evaluation. While in the waiting room Jim randomly starts talking to himself. He literally starts to ask himself questions and responds! About 15 minutes into this Jim is taken back and put into a straight jacket.
Now Jim gets to enjoy a week away from home in a nut house with three meals a day and all clothing provided away from his wife and kids!

########
Rank: 7
Score: 30.607449
Retrieved Text: Jim's Childhood Secret Hiding Place......This lake was on the Mandelin property in Alberta and this is where Jim, his brother and their dog Lassie would come to escape the violence in their house. This house is barely visible on the right - middle of picture.
For Jim, the Eagle represents freedom from the past. Jim has loved eagles since he was child. Jim would lay in the hay fields and hide from the big people. He would stare up into the sky, watching the eagles flying overhead, dreaming of flying amongst them and being free.
Beautiful song birds (Red Winged Blackbirds) would sing while Jim, his brother and their dog would rest.
These are some flowers that grew at the edge of the lake. Jim has always loved these wild flowers that grew in the watery marches. Jim's little piece of paradice.
Jim when he was 15 years old sporting his long hair with the desire to become like John Lennon. Jim ran away from home one month after this picture was taken to find those peace brothers that he thought where out there in the world. Jim's greatest wish was to join John Lennon in his drive for peace.
Jim and his brother getting some love from their dog Lassie. Lassie was known as Mom to Jim and his brother. Jim is four and brother is two here.
Jim all ready to go to church. It was the only time he got to wear his good cloths. Jim is six years old here.
One of the farm houses that Jim grew up

########
Rank: 8
Score: 30.558191
Retrieved Text: "I am an enjoyer (not really a collector) of classics. I enjoy working on them as much as anything, drives my wife crazy.
I discovered Jim's Classic Garage on Hemmings Motor News which I subscribe to on my email. He had a 1940 Chrysler Windsor that really caught my eye, nowhere near show quality, barely even a driver, but a solid car to work on and enjoy.
The thing that impressed me the most about Jim and his crew was their attention to this sale, their assistance with shipping and all around general good nature. This was not a real money maker for Jim by any means, we're talking a $6000 car here, but I felt just as well taken care of as if I had been buying a $42000 Corvette.
I hope to continue to keep in touch with Jim and build on a friendship that started with this business deal.
Jim is a straight shooter, there is no fluff or baloney, what he shipped me was exactly as advertised. Whatever your classic car needs might be, you won't do much better than Jim's Classic Garage."
"I collect 1950’s open two-seaters and right now have eight in my collection. Jim and his guys have worked on several of them, and I have always been extremely happy with both their work and their pricing. Some of my cars are a bit esoteric, but that hasn’t stopped Jim from doing his research, learning my cars, and then doing excellent work. I can highly recommend Jim and his guys to any classic car

########
Rank: 9
Score: 29.848812
Retrieved Text: On a sunny day while frost still lay on the ground in early January, we made our first trip of the year.
We had two reasons for going: One to meet an eccentric character known affectionately as Jim the Bee and secondly to visit an unmapped circle of stones, which a friend had spotted while out and about.
What we did not know at the outset was how the two were inextricably linked.
We spent a happy two hours or more in Jim's home drinking tea and talking of the things about which we had a mutual interest. People's bookcases are always a good lead into conversations and in Jim's library we saw a collection very similar to our own.
During our conversation the subject of sacred sites cropped up or as archaeologists refer to them 'Sites of Special Interest' which are scattered widely throughout this land.
Jim used to work as a supervisor for a government sponsored scheme which brought benefits to his locality in numerous ways via employment and the training of younger persons. This work sometimes included the rebuilding of boundary walls adjoining the roads and the tidying up of overgrown areas.
About a couple of miles from Jim's home was a moderately sized Ring Fort, which had become neglected with numerous self seeded trees and brambles etc.
It was an ideal place for such a scheme to reclaim for posterity.
More was known about this place however: For here was an unofficial burial ground that had been used for generations and right up until recent times, for the internment of

########
Rank: 10
Score: 29.847658
Retrieved Text: The clocks have gone forward and the nights are getting lighter so it's time to enjoy some great music.
IT'S time to put a spring in your step with Jim Gellatly's latest playlist.
The clocks have gone forward and the nights are getting lighter.
So it's time to enjoy some great music.
And the April's playlist is stuffed full of great talent and songs for everybody to enjoy.
Making appearances in Jim's selection this month are Neon Waltz, Callum Beattie and Retro Video Club.
So here's a fine selection of great tunes to get you ready for what's sure to be a sizzling summer.
Take a listen to Jim's April playlist HERE.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 29.48894
Retrieved Text: Team Awesome Saves Valentine’s Day!
This is a story about Jim. Jim is planning on proposing to his girlfriend on Valentine's Day. He has it all planned out, the flowers, the restaurant, the dessert, the precise moment, everything! This is a story about Jim's boss. Jim's boss doesn't care about Jim's engagement, or Valentine's Day. All he cares about is getting his financial reports completed before the board meeting the next morning. Too bad he didn't tell Jim this until 4:30 in the afternoon. Those reports take hours and hours to run. There goes Jim's romantic plans!

########
Rank: 12
Score: 29.289581
Retrieved Text: We need to get better acquainted, so in the comments let's all tell each other something about ourselves. I have a meeting tonight, but I promise to leave a comment soon telling you about ME. So who's willing to go first?
This section seemed out of place with the book so far. Cold Nights could refer to both the temperature on a December night in the mountains of North Carolina and Mama's coldness to Whitey Whiteside's courtship.
Mama is definitely not interested in Whitey. She seems to be only allowing his courtship because the uncles are making her feel guilty about not have a father for Jim.
The uncles sneak Jim out to see the electric lights turned on for the first time in Aliceville. The last few paragraphs at the end of this section signify modern times and technology coming to Aliceville, Jim growing up but in school learning and practical knowledge, and change, in general, in the lives of our characters, including Mama.
Letter from Elizabeth McBride Glass to Jim Glass, Sr.
Did writing this letter help Mama sort out her feelings on the matter at hand and make a decision? She stops writing mid-sentence. Why? Is she interrupted and has to physically stop writing or does she just find that she can't go on writing it?
Jim is supposed to go sit with the uncles at the store after dinner. Even though, he isn't usually allowed to do this, he decides not to go in when he gets to the store. As he walks through town, he sees Whitey

########
Rank: 13
Score: 29.19028
Retrieved Text: LAHAINA, Hawaii, May 31, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- As the only person in history to win the Boston Marathon, the New York City Marathon and an Olympic medal, Meb Keflezighi is already a distance-running legend. But that hasn't stopped the Maui Jim® Ambassador from pushing himself to stay at the front of the pack.
At 41 years old, "Marathon Meb" Keflezighi is still one of the very best distance runners in the world, as evidenced by his stunning 2014 Boston Marathon win (the first American to win the race in 31 years). So what's his secret? A strict training regimen, including nine-day cycles incorporating both tempo runs and long runs, certainly helps. Training at altitude is also key, as are other more all-around fitness activities, like trail running and elliptical training.
Outside his rigorous physical preparation, Meb also uses only the most advanced equipment to bring out his best. Besides mainstay items like compression socks and moisture-wicking clothes, Keflezighi relies on some of the best eyewear in the world, high-tech, lightweight Maui Jim Sunglasses, to keep his eyes protected. A goal of any distance runner is to avoid distractions, but squinting due to glare or wind can cause loss of focus, sapping precious energy in the process. With their patented PolarizedPlus2® lens technology, and some of the industry's lightest frame and lens materials, Maui Jim Sunglasses completely eliminate glare and block 100% of harmful UV rays while offering unmatched comfort and fit.
"I fell in love with Maui Jim Sunglasses the first time I tested them," said Keflezighi. "I found

########
Rank: 14
Score: 29.166872
Retrieved Text: There is a great little book by Fee and Stuart - How to Read the Bible for all It's worth. One of the few I would recommend from my Seminary Days in Toronto.
Hey there RoG! That sounds like a very interesting book. I looked it up on Amazon and I think I may just order it. The book's introduction makes a great point right off the bat, talking about people who say, "You don't have to interpret the Bible; just read it and do what it says." I agree that ignorance is often the culprit in all this, but like you also say there are many who are preaching their own agenda or want control of the people in their church.
Bino, I was just thinking the same thing about that song and about others! "You give and take away, you give and take away..." comes to mind (from the song "Blessed Be the Name). I heard two messages - one from my old pastor and one from Jim Richards of Impact Ministries - that forever changed my view of Job's words. Job said a lot of stuff and in the end he admitted that he didn't have a clue what he was talking about! I think I'll link to Jim's message in a blog post.
All of this said - I know that I'm growing myself in my own understanding of the "rightly dividing" of the word of truth. It never hurts to point things out, and I'd never be offended if people point out my own

########
Rank: 15
Score: 29.062046
Retrieved Text: You can't defer your medical destiny.
This week's episode continues to educate the masses on the ketogenic phenomenon. Jim Abrahams is not only a notorious filmmaker but a vocal proponent for the diet that is changing lives. Jim's son Charlie suffered from up to 100 seizures a day at age one. After extensive research, dedicated father Jim decided on a diet rich in fats and low in carbohydrates. With this ketosis approach, he was able to reverse the seizure patterns and watch notable improvement unfold before his very eyes.
Jim's passion didn't stop there. He developed The Charlie Foundation in honor of his son's struggles and eventual triumph. His goal is to make more and more people aware of the benefits of a ketone rich diet as a means to not only improve brain function but a way in which to tackle some of the medical maladies that seem beyond our control.
Jim Abrahams reminds us that our medical destiny cannot be deferred. It is something we and we alone must face, be it with the assistance of western medicine, the personal responsibility of eating our way to health, or a combination of both. One thing is certain though, Jim's choice to move through these challenges with purpose and ownership saved the life of his son, Charlie.
Get to know The Charlie Foundation by visiting www.thecharliefoundation.org. Here you can find out about the research that is confirming what we already know about ketones and neurological function. Also, if you haven't seen Naked Gun or Airplane, open hand slap yourself in

########
Rank: 16
Score: 29.051424
Retrieved Text: The #WWHL host offers his take on the #RHONJ husband's views on the Giudice family special.
Following the premiere of Real Housewives of New Jersey Teresa Checks In, RHONJ husband Jim Marchese offered his personal take on the three-part special, calling it "a dark endorsement of criminal behavior and exploitation of children." While the special wrapped up on October 24, his criticism remains a hot topic of discussion for Andy Cohen, who addressed his comments.
"First of all, he wasn't involved in the original show. He characterizes it as 'tongue and cheek fun, a guilty pleasure,' but it was pretty intense from the get-go," Andy said. "Teresa [Giudice] flipped a table in the finale of the first season, so if he calls that 'tongue and cheek fun [and] a guilty pleasure,' that's fine. I don't think it was that fun for Danielle Staub, actually. I got pushed like a rag doll in the Season 2 reunion, that didn't seem like 'tongue and cheek fun.'"
He continued, "I take issue with him saying, 'It is morphing into a dark endorsement of criminal behavior and exploitation of children.' He put his kids on the Housewives, so his kids — who are a lot younger — were on. And also, the thing about it is, we have been following this family for seven, eight years, and so we are continuing to follow them. There's great interest in what's going on with them. We haven't endorsed anyone's behavior on that show. We've shown it, as a matter of fact, without editorialization. And I

########
Rank: 17
Score: 29.023336
Retrieved Text: Mr. Dignan accepted Jesus Christ as his Savior and Lord in 1978. Jim has been a licensed, professional counselor, in the State of Michigan, for over 23 years. Jim's primary focus has been to help people create emotional safety within their marriages and families. Another of Jim's specialties is addictions counseling. Mr. Dignan is a Nationally Certified Addictions Counselor.
Jim has a Master's Degree in Clinical Psychology along with a Bachelor's Degree in Biblical Studies. Jim is a member of the worship team at Grace Chapel E.P.C.
Jim has lived in the Livonia area all of his 59 years. Jim is dedicated to creating an emotionally safe environment for his clients... one in which each person will be able to explore his or her concerns without fear of judgment.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 28.94709
Retrieved Text: This is the authorised biography of Jim Penman, the founder of Jim's Mowing, now the Jim's Group. The Jim's brand is known by most Australians, yet the founder is hardly known. In 1982 Jim Penman turned a one-man mowing business into an empire of 3786 franchisees across 50 divisions from antennas to window tinting. It includes interviews with 40 people close to Jim and outlines the story behind the creation of one of Australia's most famous brands and business models and the man who created it all.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 28.915873
Retrieved Text: Jim - Also known as "Lord Jim," or "Tuan Jim." The hero of our story, Jim is a young man who, inspired by popular literature, goes to sea dreaming of becoming a hero. He gets his chance when the ship he is aboard gets damaged, and fails utterly by abandoning ship with the rest of the crew. Haunted by his failure and stripped of his officer's certificate, he wanders from job to job, finally becoming the manager of a remote trading post. He falls in love with Jewel, a beautiful, half-native girl, and, by defeating a local bandit, becomes leader of the people. His dreams of heroism lead to his failure to kill a marauding white pirate, Gentleman Brown, which in turn leads to the death of Dain Waris, his best friend and son of Doramin, the local chief. Jim allows Doramin to shoot him in retribution.
Marlow - The narrator of this story and a ship's captain. Marlow first encounters Jim at the inquiry where Jim loses his certification. Feeling that Jim is "one of us," he takes an interest in him, first helping him find employment as a water clerk and as a trading post manager for Stein, then compulsively piecing together Jim's story and perpetuating it through various retellings. It is Marlow who filters and interprets most of the narrative for the reader.
Jewel - Daughter of the Dutch-Malay woman and stepdaughter of Cornelius. She and Jim fall in love, and she makes him promise never to leave her. She is a pragmatic woman and

########
Rank: 20
Score: 28.894768
Retrieved Text: Maui Jim is a manufacturer of high quality polarized sunglasses. If you’ve ever owned a pair of Maui Jim’s or know someone else who has, you probably know that their lenses are made with exceptional quality! The lenses within their sunglasses have so many components and features within them that I believe they are in a class of their own!... Maui Jim Sunglasses offer one of the highest levels of protection and visual accuracy through their high technology polarized lenses. Designed in Hawaii, these glasses offer extremely high performance and durability in a variety of fashionable yet functional designs.
Mission: end petrochemical pollution in Louisiana Celebrating our 18th year! About. Mission; Team; Donors; Contact Info; Our Work. Tools. The Bucket; iWitness Pollution Map... I had been searching for a good looking frame well suited for outdoor activities that had a polarized lens and good UV protection. The Maui Jim Blue Water seemed to fit the bill. The Maui Jim Blue Water seemed to fit the bill.
Peahi matte glasses. All genuine. Cleaning matte take light detergent. But they seem to be the most popular. Lens have normal wear at best with marks which in no way impede vision. Tried to take closest pictures of lens. eBay!... The Kawika frames are a retrospective look at one of Maui Jim's original styles. These polarized classic sunglasses are a true testament to Maui Jim's legacy and heritage of providing quality, durable frames with unmatched lens clarity.
I had been searching for a good looking frame well suited for outdoor activities that had

########
Rank: 21
Score: 28.66991
Retrieved Text: When Jim Kwik was growing up, he was labeled the boy with a broken brain and had a lot of learning challenges and disabilities.
He went on from these difficulties to become the world's leading memory and brain coach for the world's top universities, CEOs and celebrities. Over the past 25 years he developed a number of strategies and techniques to unleash the power of your super brain. He wants to share these techniques and methods with you.
How do you stop putting things off that are important… things that you need to do?
In this post world expert in speed-reading and Brain Coach, Jim Kwik, give you a few quick science-based tips on how to eliminate procrastination.
The second tip I would say on how to overcome procrastination is to break things into chunks. Jim calls them tiny habits.
Or a big mountain that we need to be able to climb.
The best thing to do is to break it down into individual tasks.
What's a Zeigarnik effect? In the memory training where Jim teaches people how to remember names, faces, languages and so on, he talks about the Zeigarnik effect.
There was this psychiatrist Dr. Zeigarnik. She was at a cafe in Europe and noticed that the waiters would remember everyone's orders.
Have you ever had somebody like that at a restaurant who remembered all the orders by using their memory.
Dr. Zeigarnik wanted to find out how the waiters did this and carried out some research into it. The conclusion of her research was called the Zeigarnik Effect.
It basically says that the waiting

########
Rank: 22
Score: 28.649755
Retrieved Text: Recognizing a potentially lucrative market, Chase Manhattan Bank of North America chose to develop a new business segment, Personal Financial Services (PFS), within the larger retail bank. This new segment was to target clients with investment assets of $500,000-$10,000,000.
Responsible for managing 550 Bankers, Senior Vice President Rick Jones assumed a leadership role in the development of this new segment. To support his efforts, Rick engaged the services of Jim Oher, an executive coach and team development facilitator with an established reputation in the retail banking industry.
The first-year goals of the new segment included acquisition of significant numbers of customers and associated balances, and the integration of a highly skilled staff. This staff integration was Jim's primary coaching challenge. To achieve the ambitious financial goals, two separate professional groups of bank employees, the Bankers and the Financial Advisors (FAs), had to make the transition from their previous standalone functions to active partnerships.
The Bankers, whose primary function was maintaining personal financial relationships with individual clients, had to join forces with the FAs, who were licensed to and charged with selling actual investment products (e.g., stocks, bonds, options, annuities, etc.). While the Bankers had specific individual clients, the FAs were focused on handling sales transactions. The two groups had separate management structures. Approximately 550 Bankers reported to Rick, and about 300 FAs reported to Rick's counterpart in the FA group. They now had a mandate to partner with each other—a move which required a philosophical shift. They had to work together to develop financial plans based on client needs,

########
Rank: 23
Score: 28.527754
Retrieved Text: 1. What is Marlow's narrative purpose in the novel?
2. What dramatic effect is gained by having an unidentified narrator tell Jim's story until he jumps from the Patna?
3. What is the moral wrong that Jim believes he has committed?
4. Define the word "dilemma"; what is Jim's dilemma?
5. Discuss Marlow as a father-figure to Jim.
6. What is Jim's final, redeeming act of courage? Define the word "courage" in relation to your answer.
7. Does Jim find "redemption" in Patusan? Define the word "redemption" in relation to your answer.
8. Discuss the terms guilt, responsibility, duty, courage, cowardice, and honor in terms of Jim's life.
9. Discuss the symbolism and/or irony in Jim's wearing white clothing.
10. Can any of Jim's reactions be explained in terms of the details of his childhood from the clues that are revealed to us?
11. Which is more important to Jim — justifying himself to the world? Or justifying his actions to himself?
12. What does Stein mean when he calls Jim a "romantic"?
13. If Jim is "one of us," is Marlow a romantic?
14. In terms of Stein's symbolism, is Jim a butterfly or a beetle?
15. What role does Jewel play in Jim's life?
16. Describe Jim's relationship with Tamb' Itam.
17. What causes Jim to trust Brown?
18. Discuss the symbolism of the silver ring.
19. Trace Conrad's use of light and darkness throughout the novel.
20. Why did Jim choose to try and find forgiveness in a dark, wild, isolated pocket of mankind?
21. Outline your ideas for a short essay on the "jump motif" in this novel.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 28.451374
Retrieved Text: Marlow now tells the dinner guests more about Jim's trial before the panel of inquiry. The trial, he says, became something of a public "event." Here was a handsome young man on trial for leaving almost a thousand poor and ragged religious pilgrims to almost certain death. Justice demanded punishment, and Jim, almost willingly it seemed, faced his judges alone and endured the grueling and exhausting inquisition. The trial, Marlow says, was ultimately unsatisfactory because it was an exercise in futility. Instead of trying to determine the philosophical why's of Jim's behavior, the inquiry focused entirely upon the factual and pragmatic how's of the affair.
At the end of the second day of Jim's trial, Marlow remembers that a very revealing incident occurred. An ugly, mangy dog was weaving in and out of the crowd, and a man laughed aloud, remarking, "Look at that wretched cur."
Instantaneously, Jim whirled and accused Marlow of calling him a cur, and it was only with great difficulty that Marlow was able to convince Jim that it was another man who had spoken and that he had referred to an actual dog.
Afterward, Jim was terribly humiliated. His face turned crimson, the clear blue of his eyes darkened, and he seemed to be on the verge of tears. For that single moment, Marlow says, he witnessed how "a single word had stripped [Jim] of his discretion." All of Jim's almost successfully disguised suffering during the trial surfaced; without meaning to, Jim had revealed an explosive, volatile side of his nature.
Jim turned away instantly,

########
Rank: 25
Score: 28.42054
Retrieved Text: Since 1949, the team at Beverly Garage Door has earned a reputation for excellence throughout Boston's North Shore area.
solution for their needs, and personally inspects and/or participates in each installation and repair. Garage door safety is also very important to Jim.
All wires are run in the neatest manner possible. Wires are stapled up to each jam to the ceiling, over the top of the door to the center. Then both are stapled alongside the motor rail to the motorhead. Safety cables are installed on every new door, and are included in the price. All doors and motor doors are well-lubricated, per manufacturers' specifications. The price also includes removal of all old doors, tracks, springs, hardware, and motors. Once your door is installed, we wipe it clean both inside and out, and sweep your garage.
Jim stocks all parts for the garage door motors he sells, and technicians carry most parts in their company trucks. If necessary, this enables our fast response to repairing your door to get your garage up and running as soon as possible.
We stand by our work, and even offer this guarantee: If you experience a problem with your door that Jim's team cannot resolve, he will replace the motor head on a new unit for the first year.
Whether you choose a budget or custom door, Jim's goal is 100% customer satisfaction!

########
Rank: 26
Score: 28.372774
Retrieved Text: In this fun video discussion, me (Jason Scott Montoya) and Jim Karwisch talk about the transition from Corporate America to full-time freelancing. Jim shared with us in a previous blog about his jump from fortune 500 to freelancing and we dive into that story in a much deeper way.
In a recent blog post, I shared the results of a small survey we conducted indicating 23% of working folks want to freelance but currently are not. If you fit this mold, this is the video for you. Dive in and explore the story, the challenges, and solutions for overcoming the many problems freelancers face.
From The Start: We discuss how 23% of people are not freelancing, but want to. Jim introduces himself and shares his back story.
~3 Minutes: Jim shares his transition from corporate America to freelancing.
~11 Minutes: Jim talks about how it went down when his company shut down the department.
~15 Minutes: We share the story of how Jim and I got connected on Twitter.
~19 Minutes: Jim was about to start freelancing, and I was compelled to help him. We discuss how I began sharing ideas and insights that eventually came to be the book.
~26 Minutes: We talk about how Jim's transition played out and what the severence did for him.
~30 Minutes: We share about freelancing with a family, and providing for them and refining our message.
~33 Minutes: We talk about having a financial buffer in freelancing.
~37 Minutes: Jim shares how his business evolved year over year in regards to the feast and famine seasons.
~42 Minutes: We

########
Rank: 27
Score: 28.05742
Retrieved Text: Q - A lot of people in the media said Jim Morrison didn't do anything to be pardoned for, so, why was the pardon issued?
A - The pardon was about closing the open-ended status of Jim's 1970 Miami case, not about Jim's guilt or innocence. The pardon was necessary to void the indictments, the charges, the verdicts and the sentence. Under the US Constitution, Florida had no choice but to pardon Morrison, in the interest of justice. When the pardon was issued, that measure officially closed the case.
Q - A lot of people in the media said this whole pardon effort was a waste of time and taxpayer money, so, who really paid for all of this?
A - Dave Diamond: "The pardon was the best, the last and the only remedy left for us to pursue. I'll also point out to the critics out there who felt all of this was a waste of taxpayer money, this was a self-funded effort. The pardon of Morrison cost the state of Florida little to nothing. But, all resources combined, the pardon effort cost me, personally, upwards of three thousand dollars, over a ten year span."
Q - What's the difference in this case between a pardon and expunging?
A - The pardon physically destroys the record of Jim Morrison's Miami file and overturns the verdict (making Jim Morrison now innocent of the charges.) That means Morrison's record for the Miami incident no longer exists physically in the Florida Court System. Now, Jim Morrison is innocent according to the State of

########
Rank: 28
Score: 28.042614
Retrieved Text: to North Dakota last December to do some serious bowhunting with two good friends, he never imagined that he'd return home with a new state record!
By Jerry Defoe, Jim Castro, Jr.
Jim was about to take a shot at a buck standing with three other bucks when suddenly all four deer tensed up and left the area. Then this bad boy suddenly appeared. The buck disappeared and reappeared at 15 yards!
On the evening of Dec. 2, 2006, three avid bowhunters met at the airport in Bismarck, North Dakota, to embark on a much-anticipated deer hunt in the Badlands. Jim Casto Jr. of Evans, West Virginia, has been an avid bowhunter for some 45 years, ever since his father presented him with his first lemonwood recurve at the age of 8. Jim would be hunting with lifelong friend and fellow avid bowhunter Frank Boggess of Ripley, West Virginia. Jim's cousin Dale Casto of Bentonville, Arkansas, was the third member of the team. The group would be hunting both whitetails and mulies.
For Jim, bowhunting is not just a pastime; it's part of who he is. He tries to shoot at least a few arrows every day. He loves to hunt with a recurve, but like a lot of avid shooters he suffers from bouts of target panic from time to time, so he always carries a compound bow as a backup.
Jim has said on many occasions, "I don't use firearms, I don't fish, and I don't golf. . . . I'm a bowhunter."
Frank has bowhunted for over 40 years,

########
Rank: 29
Score: 27.897139
Retrieved Text: Here's a little something for those of you who do some of your own engine work.
Years ago, when I first saw the Jim's fixture for supporting a cone style cam cover, my thought ran something like this, "Okay, I see the point, but I sure can't see spending that much for something I've gotten by without for all these years." Nevertheless, the idea is a good one. Support the cam cover in such a way that the outside surface won't be at risk of being marred, along with providing a stable base for installing bushings and pinning them to prevent possible rotation. But face it, the portion of the cover that is filled by the timer cover is horizontal to the gasket surface, so drilling for the pins can be accomplished on a drill press without too much trouble. Just a matter of protecting the finish on the cover. The pinion bushing is a little more dicey due to being off to the side, but one can get by.
However, over the course of time one of my colleagues mentioned that he had one of the Jim"s fixtures and was impressed with how much easier it made the job. Of course his input didn't suddenly transform me from being a cheapskate, so rather than ponying up the money for the Jim's fixture, I made my own, as seen below.
You may notice that mine is a little simpler to fabricate than the Jim"s tool because it supports the cover from the deepest part of the timer cavity rather

================



======= Instance Index 2296 =========
Input Text: Read the following conversation and answer the question.

M: Our guest today is Alas Baker who has a very unusual ability. Alas, thank you for coming into the studio. What kind of unusual ability are we talking about here?

W: Wow, it's quite easy to describe. Basically, when I read a word or even think of a particular word, such as Tuesday, I see a color connected with it. It's not that I imagine a color. I really see it loading in front of my eyes.

M: How interesting! Is it a sort of medical condition?

W: Yes. And just recently doctors have begun to understand it more. They call it synesthesia, which means that somewhere in my brain, there are links between sections that should really be separate. Other people have a form of this condition that affects emotions. So they see colors when they feel particular emotions. Apparently, it's generally passed on from parents to their children, which is the case with me.

M: Do you have any brothers or sisters with the same ability?

W: Yes, my brother is the same as me. If we start talking about it, people think we are completely mad. When we were younger, we used to have arguments about things like what color the word Tuesday is. It turns out that everyone with this condition sees different colors.

M: It sounds as though it could make life quite exhausting.

W: I suppose it does. But you see, if you've never known anything different, you don't think of it like that. It does make you aware of your moods. I know when I started to feel depressed, things begin to look grey.

M: Are there any other advantages do you find?

W: Well, it seems that quite a lot of artists and musicians have this condition. So I guess it can be beneficial if it's combined with some sort of gift or natural talent, which is not the case with me unfortunately. But I do find that it makes reading very interesting, because sometimes a sentence has a very nice range of colors. So you want to read it again just to experience that. Of course, this makes me quite a slow reader.

Question: When the woman was younger, what did she and her brother often argue about? 

- Whether they had unusual abilities.

- The colors connected with words.

- Why they saw different colors for certain words.

Target Text: The colors connected with words.

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 36.97877
Retrieved Text: A family member of one of the Southern California plane crash victims is speaking out about his loss in the South Bay and what the future holds as he and his little sister begin to mourn.
RIVERSIDE, Calif. (KGO) -- A family member of one of the Southern California plane crash victims is speaking out about his loss in the South Bay.
Silvia Farelas survived the fiery plane crash in Riverside. Her 22-year-old daughter Adine did not.
They were returning from a cheerleading competition in Southern California where Adine's younger sister competed.
The Union Middle School student arrived safely back in San Jose by bus with the rest of her team.
Her 19-year-old brother is left trying to cope with the loss of their big sister. "Even at times we didn't get along so well, argue back and forth like brothers and sisters tend to, she would always be there for me," Brandon Farelas told ABC7 News. "I appreciate her so much. Now I realize exactly what I'm losing."
Silvia and Adine were flying with friends. The Cessna plane crashed into homes near Riverside Airport, exploding into a massive fireball, killing three people on board.
"I give all the glory to the big man upstairs," said Farelas. "I don't know how else to put it into words. It's just a miracle."
A cafe owner near the airport was the last person to see the pilot alive. She said he appeared worried and attempted to take off three times. "I was so worried even the last moment they left," said Delmy Pennington. "I said, 'Why

########
Rank: 1
Score: 36.766655
Retrieved Text: Li Xiaowan slowly regained her awareness and came out of her muddled-state. Her nose sniffed the unique brine of the sea and her ears registered the faint lapping of waves. She must be dreaming. It definitely had to be a dream! Her hometown was inland. She had only seen the ocean once in her life when she went to visit her younger sister at her college, which had been in a city near the sea. How could she be hearing the sound of the sea?
Li Xiaowan did her best to open her eyes, but she continued to be tangled in that viscous darkness. She felt as if she was having a nightmare - seemingly conscious, but unable to wake up.
Li Xiaowan felt a small mass over her body that was desperately shaking her arm.
Second older sister? She was clearly the oldest in her family. Their father and mother had passed away when she was in junior high. As the oldest child, she'd dropped out of school and raised her younger brother and sister. She'd been called oldest sister for over twenty years, so how was her title suddenly 'second' older sister? This person must be mistaking her for someone else!
Li Xiaowan’s ears were filled with the murmuring voices of strangers. As she gradually gained awareness, she felt that she was lying on soft sand and felt bursts of pain from her forehead. There seemed to be a lot of people surrounding her. What a strange dream. When would she wake up?!
“What nonsense are you guys talking

########
Rank: 2
Score: 36.191635
Retrieved Text: She plays a fiercely independent woman in "Abundant Acreage Available," and it's not the first time. This is what drives her distinctive filmography.
In “Abundant Acreage Available,” Amy Ryan plays a tough-minded woman who reunites with her brother (Terry Kinney) to bury their father on the farm where he raised them. As they argue about where to lay him to rest, another set of siblings from their father’s past show up to further complicate matters, laying claim to the land and injecting themselves into the center of this parochial setting.
Ryan’s character remains a fierce, defiant voice who pushes back against her brother’s religious convictions and the interlopers who question her solitary way of life. It’s a commanding performance that dominates this quiet, understated movie, and it makes you wonder why Ryan — an Oscar nominee for “Gone Baby Gone” — doesn’t land such impressive leading roles more often.
Ryan is a shape-shifter who juggles many modes, but she often gravitates toward less-than-glamorous roles even when she’s in the spotlight. Last year, she landed raves for her turn in Broadway’s “Love, Love, Love,” where she played one half of a narcissistic British couple over the course of a marriage that lasts decades. In “Gone Baby Gone,” she was a vulgar, drug-addicted mother, shortly before she surfaced on NBC’s “The Office” as the klutzy romantic interest of Steve Carell’s bumbling manager.
“Abundant Acreage Available” intrigued her because it didn’t heap pity on her character simply because she was a single 40-something woman. “I just liked her strength and was curious about

########
Rank: 3
Score: 36.172775
Retrieved Text: I am thinking about food, family meals and the American bounty we are about to celebrate. My Aunt Mollie comes to mind.
I have a particular vivid memory of Aunt Mollie, who was my grandmother’s younger sister. I was approximately eight years old when Aunt Mollie visited our family in St. Louis. Soon after her arrival, the house filled with the smells of stuffed peppers, stuffed artichokes, meatballs, and marinara sauce. She and my mom spent the better part of her visit in the kitchen so that she could teach her favorite niece some of her favorite, and best, recipes.
It never occurred to me to wonder how my Aunt Mollie came to master Italian cuisine. (Actually I never thought much about such culinary distinctions. It was all part of my family’s cuisine.) Some years later the secret was revealed.
When Mollie was sixteen years old she ran away from home and married Joe Ladisio, an Italian man some 25 years her senior. Imagine that! The Greenberg family came to this country in 1911. Ten years later their youngest daughter told the family she was dressing up for a job interview and instead eloped. Mollie was banished. My Nana, angry and betrayed about her sister’s lies, was forbidden from speaking to Mollie.
Some two years later, Joe reached out to Nana. Mollie was hospitalized and gravely ill. The doctors feared the worst. Miraculously she recovered, but as a consequence was never able to have children. She and Nana reconnected. Still, Aunt Mollie, and most especially Joe, was never allowed to

########
Rank: 4
Score: 35.832172
Retrieved Text: Irma first appeared in W.I.T.C.H. issue #1, Halloween. She was first seen using her mind control powers to get the teacher to ask her about the stone-age when he called on her, since it was the only thing that she studied.
Irma is always the life of the party, even if she does arrive late to a lot of events. She's the prankster of the group and often jokes around about the situations they get into. Her friends don't always take her seriously because of this, even if she's not joking about something. She's also very impulsive and has a bit of a "big mouth," which gets her into trouble a lot. She's been known to use her powers for selfish gain as well, such as transforming her body to impress boys and having her astral drop study and take tests for her. Despite all of this, when it all comes down to it, Irma's very clever and the girls can depend on her when they're in a tight spot.
Irma's really into music, Karmilla being her favorite singer, and enjoys shopping, taking long baths, and making up nicknames for her friends. Her favorite food is chocolate cream puffs.
Irma's father, Tom Lair, is a police officer for Heatherfield. Her real mother died when she was only three years old and her father remarried a woman named Anna Bannister. Irma also has a younger half-brother (or step-brother, depending on what you're looking at) named Christopher, who annoys her to no end.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 35.59731
Retrieved Text: by Kevin Henkes A guide for parents, teachers, and group leaders to accompany the reading of this picture book. The guide below provides before, during, and after-reading discussion questions. Choose from activities and discussion questions to build children's understanding of generosity, community, and service to others. Spanish Version Attached.
Younger children may often be the center of attention in the perspective of an older child, or younger children may feel left out when older children get to do things because they are more capable. No one’s life is perfect, and sometimes it takes an outsider to call attention to that fact. In Julius: Baby of the World, Lilly torments her baby brother mercilessly until an outsider criticizes him, then Lilly becomes his fiercest protector. This funny story will help families talk about issues such as sibling rivalry, families supporting each other, and new family members. Lilly is a loveable and spirited child who tackles issues that many children can identify with. Enjoy her creative attempts to steal back her parents as you read and discuss this story.
ASK: Have you ever been frustrated by a younger sibling or other younger child? What bothered you about the child? Have you ever felt protective of a younger child? Why did the child need your protection?
SHOW: Look at the pictures on the pages before the story begins. How does Lilly feel about a new baby?
CONNECT: What do you think a family needs to do to get ready for a new baby in the house? .
ASK: What is Lilly’s problem after Julius

########
Rank: 6
Score: 35.346375
Retrieved Text: Siblings fight, argue, and try their hardest to distinguish the differences between each other. Any indication of similarity is often times seen as embarrassing. Caitlin and Isaac Graham, however, aren’t afraid to say they have the same love for the game of tennis.
Older sister Caitlin not only served as a mentor for younger brother Isaac as they grew up together, but this season, she will continue to be his mentor on the tennis court as GRC’s new head coach.
Caitlin not only expresses her anticipation to teach students about tennis and invest in their lives beyond the court, but she also feels gratification knowing her little brother will be with her the whole way through.
Younger brother and freshman Isaac is also looking forward to his “getaway sport” with his sister. He believes this experience of having his sister as a coach will actually benefit both of their sports careers in the long run.
By the end of the season, Caitlin hopes to encourage the same love for GRC tennis in her brother and her other players as she had in high school.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 35.0979
Retrieved Text: It did not take long to go from Harmonious City to Splendid Cloud Sect. Along the way, Zhou Cang wanted to ask about his younger brother from Splendid Cloud Sect’s two apprentices. But the two apprentices seemed to pretend to be dumb or really did not understand his hints. From beginning to end, they did not mention a thing.
Kong Hou who was leading the way at the front turned and smiled brightly at Zhou Cang. Her black eyes caused Zhou Cang to unconsciously trust and like her more.
“Sect Master Zhou, do not worry. This Mind Manifestation forebear made a great mistake, but Sect Master and the *shibo* are all just people. They only put him into a quiet room and did not do anything else.” When Kong Hou smiled, the lingering child chubbiness on her face caused her to look extremely innocent.
“Sect Master Heng Yan is noble and honest; this one did not mean that. This one is only worried for the unaccomplished younger brother and has disturbed your sect,” Zhou Cang sighed in relief. As long as they had not privately enacted punishment. When they returned this time, he would lock his brother in the yard and not let him go anywhere.
She did not care if this Sect Master Zhou was good or not, but he indulged his relative and did not restrict him. He was an accomplice to the culprit. That Zhou Xing, the Mind Manifestation cultivator, dared to be so arrogant only because of his older brother.
Stepping into the main hall of Splendid

########
Rank: 8
Score: 35.0333
Retrieved Text: Buy a copy of Mama's Girl from Amazon.com.
"An unforgettable testament to the resiliency of the human spirit and the depth of love." --Booklist.
On the streets of Brooklyn in the 1970s, Veronica Chambers mastered the whirling helixes of a double-dutch jump rope with the same finesse she brought to her schoolwork, her often troubled family life, and the demands of being overachieving and being underprivileged. Her mother -- a Panamanian immigrant -- was too often overwhelmed by the task of raising Veronica and her difficult younger brother on her meager secretary's salary to applaud her daughter's achievements. From an early age, Veronica understood that the best she could do for her mother was to be a perfect child -- to rewrite her Christmas wish lists to her mother's budget, to look after her brother, to get by on her own.
Though her mother seemed to bear out the adage that "black women raise their daughters and mother their sons," Veronica never stopped trying to do more, do better, do it all. And now, as a successful young woman who's achieved more than her mother dared to hope for her, she looks back on their relationship in this moving, startingly honest memoir, and shares some important truths about what we really want from our mothers -- and what we can give them in return.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 34.71207
Retrieved Text: ← Nope, not writing about the 4th.
Just as I was leaving from work I got word from my brother that my mother had died. We were expecting it. In fact, We’d all been praying for her release. She had dementia and was angry and spiteful. My poor brother and his wife were bearing the brunt of all of it because they had her in their home, caring for her. Hospice came in over the weekend as she was running a fever and having trouble breathing.
He said her passing was very peaceful, which is good.
We had a very complicated relationship, my mother and I.
When I was a child, she was a firebrand liberal. She voted Democrat, fought bigotry, read SILENT SPRING and became anti-insecticides. She had “meatless Tuesdays” during the Vietnam war as her way of assisting in protesting it.
But late in her 40s she had a series of little strokes and her personality began to change. It got worse and worse as she grew older. By the time she was in her 60s, she was a raging bigot.
This is a woman who had a Japanese-American roommate in college right after WWII. She dated Chinese men in college. (It is from her that I learned to love the way Asian men looked! We saw RED SUN together when I was in college and drooled over Toshiro Mifune.) She let the black woman who helped with spring cleaning eat lunch at the table with all of us, which horrified our neighbors in the 50s.
I loved that she believed

########
Rank: 10
Score: 34.552197
Retrieved Text: A myth from the Warao People who inhabit the rainforests of the Orinoco Delta of northeastern Venezuela and western Guyana. The term Warao means “The Boat People,” referring to their intimate connection with water. Here a hunter takes on an ogress in a story of the origin of the Pleiades.
“The hunter climbed a tree to watch the supernatural being reach into the creek and pull out two fish, one she would eat, the other thrown into her basket.” This story, from the Warao of Guyana, tells of the origin of the Pleiades.
Once upon a time there were two brothers, the elder of whom was a celebrated hunter. Each day he searched farther into the forest for game, finally reaching a creek never seen before. He climbed a tree standing at its edge to watch for animals that came to drink. Suddenly he saw a woman behaving strange, wading through the water toward him. Each time she put her hand into the creek she produced two fish, and each time eating one and throwing the other into her basket.
She was a very big woman, a supernatural being. On her head she wore a calabash, and occasionally took it off, spinning it away on the water like a top.
The hunter spent the night in a tree and returned to the village the next day. He told the story to his younger brother, who begged to go along to see “such a woman that could catch so many fish and eat them as well.” “No,” was the reply, “because

########
Rank: 11
Score: 34.3693
Retrieved Text: Jana Duggar is a fan favorite of the Duggar family. Presently, Jana is living at home and helping take care of the younger Duggar children. She has never courted anyone, that she has shared with the public, and now Duggar fans are speaking out about how they think Jana should head to college and do something more with her life. Thus far, the Duggar girls have lived at home until they get married. The Hollywood Gossip is now sharing how fans would like to see Jana do something else with her life.
At this time, Jana is 25-years-old and living with her parents. Rumors have kicked up that Jana might court Tim Tebow, but nothing has come of it. Rumors have been flying for a bit that Jana is like the “Cinderella” of the Duggar household since she is always taking care of the younger kids, including her nieces and nephews. Now that 19 Kids and Counting has been canceled, Jana is not seen much and when she is, it is in photos of her holding her siblings or playing with them. Jana Duggar also can’t have her own social media page because this is not allowed by the family until the child (or in this case, adult) is courting and Jana isn’t doing that yet.
When the Duggar family posted a photo of Jana recently, the fans and followers went crazy. Several fans were talking about how college would be good for Jana and others talked about how it was time for her to move out and

########
Rank: 12
Score: 34.340816
Retrieved Text: I had the extreme pleasure of my brother and his significant other visit me last weekend. Over Saturday night wine and dinner, the conversation inevitably swung to the election. They, and my husband and I, are on different sides of the political fence, but we are all adults and it was so much fun to engage with my brother about the qualities of our candidates. “Really?” some of you might ask. How did you do that without losing your cool, starting an outright brawl and eventually damaging a family relationship? How? I’ll tell you how in one word. Respect. My brother and I have always respected each other and would never utter harsh words.
I hate everything his candidate stands for and he cannot fathom having my candidate as his president, but we had a great time! Out of all the discussion, one thing he said stood out in my mind. He said he would never post anything on Facebook about his candidate that someone else wrote. He said he does his research and when he writes, it’s in HIS own words, expressing his own view. That I respect. I don’t care who he votes for, I just respect him for not doing all the posting and posting of article after article and never saying what you mean in your own words as so many others do. I love my brother. He’s a good man. Our different political views don’t change that.
After that night, something clicked in my head. I don’t have to endlessly post proof that

########
Rank: 13
Score: 34.10531
Retrieved Text: What was easy for Georgia at the age of two and three quarters is what most children begin to learn when they start school at five. She had absolute control of the pencil in her tiny fingers, and she could argue interestingly in her squeaky little voice. The sheer quality of what she did was astounding. I was televised testing her intelligence before millions of sharp-eyed viewers all over the world. She became the youngest member of Mensa. She is now happy in her nursery because her teachers recognise what she is capable of and provide her with the education and permission to explore that she needs.
At five years-old, Chantelle was outstanding, and at that time the youngest member of Mensa. Accordingly, her school put her up a year. She struggled a bit, but coped. Her problem was that she was smaller and younger and the other children were not so keen to play with her although she was attractive and pleasant. Then when it came to the school sports, her parents and teachers decided she should run with her class and not her age group. A difficult decision. She did reasonably well, but could not win. Being younger than her class is not usually a good move, especially in the long-term.
On a straightforward vocabulary scale, Adam at the age of six shows what can be done by a gifted child. I asked him what a straw is. Instead of the few word response the test demands, Adam went into great length on the physics of

########
Rank: 14
Score: 34.08368
Retrieved Text: "You can't put a limit on anything. The more you dream, the farther you get"
Mangte Chungneying, who is generally known as Mary Kom. She is India's best boxer. Mary Kom is a name that resonates patience. From struggling with poverty to playing the multiple roles of a mother, daughter, and elder sister, she achieved much more than the average of us can possibly dream of. Mary Kom always focussed on her strengths. Often her opponents were better equipped and stronger than her, but she focussed on what she was good at and took the best advantage of it.
Mary Kom was born in 1983 in a poor family in Kangathei, Manipur, Western India. Her parents were employed in Mangte Tonpa Kom, jhum area. She eclipsed her primary education locomotive Christian Model High School, Moirang and received high secondary education at St. Svarath Catholic School, Moirang. Afterwards, Mary Com started taking her exams from NIOS itself. Where she graduated from Churachandpur College.
As an eldest sister, Mary always helped her parents work in the fields, cutting woods, making charcoal and fishing. On the other side, she also spent a good time looking after her two younger sisters and a brother.
Mary Kom was interested in athletics since her childhood, and in 2000, Dingko Singh inspired her to become a boxer. She started taking her training from M.Narjeet, who was the boxing coach of the state of Manipur.
Mary had tried to hide her interest in boxing from her family, becuse they did not considered as a sport for them. Her father

########
Rank: 15
Score: 34.06578
Retrieved Text: Indeed, here is grace’s way – of Israel’s birth through a barren womb. Here is grace’s way – of the champion from Gath killed by Jesse’s youngest son. Here is grace’s way – of the Word taking on fallen flesh and stubbornly refusing to be fallen in it. Here is grace’s way – of ostracised women being commissioned as proclaimers of God’s good news. Here is grace’s way – that the deepest revelations of God are not given to the wise and understanding but to infants. Here is grace’s way – that God has a deliberate policy of positive discrimination towards nobodies, that the kingdom of God belongs to the poor and that the earth will be inherited by the meek. Here is grace’s way – love your enemies and bless those who make life hell for you. Here is grace’s way – of God making foolish and weak the wisdom and power of the world. Here is grace’s way – of God putting his treasure into jars of clay in order to show that God’s all-surpassing power is from God and not from us. Here is grace’s way – that only in humiliation do we find God exalting us, only in dying do we find God making us alive, only in throwing our lives away do we find God giving life back to us. Here is grace’s way – of power being brought to an end in weakness. Here is grace’s way – that we might actually be more use to God with our thorns

########
Rank: 16
Score: 33.962456
Retrieved Text: In the Name of Mother.
My family was happy, finding joy even in the small things, although we did not live in abundance. Then a misfortune befell us all of a sudden. Around that time when I was in the third grade of junior high school, my younger brother who had been suffering a long drawn-out illness was diagnosed with a brain tumor; he was unable to move on his own, nor could he recognize us. What was worse, my father passed away while my mother was traveling back and forth to take care of my brother who was getting medical treatment for his disease.
My father’s sudden death, my sick brother and my mother who was only preoccupied with my brother… I could hardly accept such a terrible reality as I was very sensitive in my adolescence. I hated my younger brother who got all of my mother’s affection just because he was ill, and I felt bitter and disappointed with my mother who gave all her attention to my brother. When I sometimes went to see them in the hospital, I saw my mother appeasing her hunger with cold rice and only one side dish. I also hated seeing that. Every day, my diary was full of stories saying that I was sad and unhappy. Actually, however, my mother never neglected taking care of me. Because of financial difficulties due to my brother’s long medical treatment and my father’s absence, she had to work to make a living; she even nursed other patients in the same

########
Rank: 17
Score: 33.667316
Retrieved Text: And she just party and 21-year-old man is there anything wrong with a long while in 2013, the office, you like walking on his. Women received the popular type of the bar. Dating, society should know about how. Men. I am 49 year old college girl fucks her fair share of dating site, you signed up. Some younger men their parents are no longer interested in them. Is a 30 or is a woman. Area women prefer. Stefani joanne delightful dating login germanotta born. The fewest messages, my little brother was. Older woman has hopped on dating scam. Or younger men often date a number. He only dates women https://jarujaruconte.com/best-new-dating-apps-2017/ of any means. Bad news, and older woman who. Nikki haley will seriously turn me off. On a man. Men get anything wrong, women are no longer interested in as we wish lady friends says otherwise. But everyone can be like their 30s, i have a 60-year-old uber driver who. I'm being a 61 year old to reveal the fewest messages, society should accept a younger guys is a significant age difference.
Finding a 30 yo male talking to date a 34 year old that's one of. Location: the next couple of 32 year old male. Not a big deal to take her 30-year-old man? What we see that. Ursula wright is young, researchers analyzed. Because a single, she quickly went into the electropop. Women https://por-music.com/dating-a-christian-woman/ Certainly a 30 yr old woman has. We wish lady. Some woman on the idea so a vivacious full-figured 35-year-old woman

########
Rank: 18
Score: 33.44625
Retrieved Text: Elin speaks to the media for the first time after divorcing Tiger Woods.
Now that Elin Nordegren and Tiger Woods’ divorce is final, people from all walks of life can come up with their own conclusions about what went wrong. The haters are accusing her of being a golddigger; others are saying that with all the money she is getting in the divorce settlement she has nothing to complain about.
Today Elin spoke to the media about the embarrassment she felt upon learning about her husband’s sexual escapades. I believe she is telling the truth. My gut feeling is telling me that she is very sincere when she says she did not know Tiger was having multiple affairs. When you are a stay-at-home mom, your main focus is to take care of the children. Many may argue that with Tiger’s wealth a nanny took care of the children. Elin comes across as a woman who really takes pride in raising her children instead of having a nanny do the raising.
Some people are so quick to pass negative judgment against Elin; they are forming their opinions from a materialistic point of view. She married Tiger because of his fame and clout; consequently she got what she deserved, a cheating husband. I believe she married Tiger because she genuinely loved him. It is so much easier to cast a dark shadow over someone else’s situation, but I prefer to think positively.
When is it ever right to cheat on your spouse? What woman would willingly marry a man that she knows

########
Rank: 19
Score: 33.387894
Retrieved Text: Bold statements are common in Psalm 119. You have to pay attention and understand the grounds of those statements. They seem to come dangerously close to self-righteous boasting.
Verse 158 describes how the Psalmist is grieved over transgressors. As I pondered over this verse, I thought of how easily this could be self-righteous contempt. We are likely accustomed to pious despising being described as grief over sinners. So, what makes the Psalmist’s grief here righteous and not contemptuous?
Those despised are simply ignored. They are so low, so beneath the pious that no notice is taken of them. No mental energy is expended on them. It is as if they are invisible.
The other way is they are considered and looked upon with contempt. It may be masked as pity or grief, but they are actively despised.
We know the first is not the case because he says, “I beheld the transgressors.” The Psalmist is taking notice and considering them. The result of his consideration is grief, so we must find out if the second case is true here.
The key to understanding the difference is their center. But first we must consider some scriptural examples of self-righteous contempt to discern the difference. Luke provides us several examples in his Gospel.
Jesus actually told a parable to address this contempt specifically.
This verse highlights the center I mentioned previously. Their despising of others centers around their self-righteousness: “Trusted in themselves that they were righteous.” The contempt comes from them viewing themselves as righteous and others as not as righteous as they. A few

########
Rank: 20
Score: 33.387604
Retrieved Text: On the 5th of August in 2018, a 22-year-old American Claressa Shields defeated Nikki Adler by a knockout and won two prestigious belts in her fourth professional match.
Along the way, Shields officially became the coolest woman in boxing, and here’s why.
Shields is a two-time Olympic champion, and she won her first medal at the age of 17, by beating Nadezhda Torlopova in the finals. Torlopova was 32 at the time. Thus, Claressa became the first American woman Olympic champion in boxing.
At the second Olympics, Shields made history again–before her, no American boxer female or male (that includes Andre Ward, Oscar De La Hoya, Joe Frazier and George Foreman) succeeded in winning two Olympic gold medals.
Having won the second Olympic gold, Shields became the winner of the prestigious Val Barker Cup, the prize for the most technical boxer of the year. Until 2016, no woman has ever received this trophy. At 21, Shields decided to move to professional boxing with a record of 77-1.
A year later, she fought in the main event of the evening in Detroit. The evening of boxing was broadcasted by Showtime, which means that Shields became the first girl to fight in the main event on the premium TV channel.
Shields became the world champion in her fourth professional fight. For comparison, Laila Ali won the title in her 12th professional duel, Holly Holm in her 11th.
She had to endure a difficult childhood. Shields was born in the city of Flint, Michigan where 41 percent of the 100,000 people live below the poverty line.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 33.278687
Retrieved Text: In the Alazkan Klondike, at the height of the gold-rush, respectable women were thin on the ground and the San Franciscan based Peabody Marriage Bureau did a roaring trade despatching mail-order brides to women-starved stampeders.
When half-Irish Lilli Stullen boarded the S.S. Senator as a Peabody bride, she did so not because she was hungry for a gold-rich husband but because it was the only way she could remove her orphaned younger brother and sister from the clutches of their hated uncle.
To Lilli, the sacrifice of marrying a man she had never met was small in comparison to ensuring Leo and Lottie’s happiness – or it was until she met ‘Lucky’ Jack Coolidge, a professional gambler with devilry in his eyes – a man no woman had ever been able to hold.
Lilli was certain that when they arrived in the Klondike, Jack Coolidge would pay off her husband-to-be and marry her himself. She had reckoned, however, without the man who awaited her arrival. Ringan Cameron was a hard-muscled, fiery-haired Scot with a mysterious past and Lilli, despite her Irish temper and recklessness, soon discovered she had met her match. . .

########
Rank: 22
Score: 33.199753
Retrieved Text: The middle-aged woman rolled her eyes and abruptly turned away from her younger brother so she wouldn’t have to see him caress their frail elderly mother. As usual, he had popped in with an armload of expensive gifts for his holiday appearance.
Moments before, she had tried to talk privately with him in the kitchen. She had pleaded with him to help her care for their mother who is in the early stages of dementia. She wasn’t surprised when he started reciting his usual list of excuses.
She had heard them all before. He lives over a hundred miles away. He is self-employed and can’t afford to be away from work. He has two teenagers to support and money is tight. He is just not emotionally equipped to handle watching their mother decline.
Seeing him hug their mother made her furious, knowing that he would disappear again and leave the yeoman’s work to her. Warm tears began to splash down her face and onto her Christmas sweater. What about her? Did he ever consider how much energy, time and money she had spent caring for their mother? To her, he was the same spoiled, manipulative person he’d always been.
Keith Branson, founder of Age to Age Ministry and a conflict resolution specialist, knows that the holidays often bring unresolved family issues to a climax. Old clashes and hurts are likely to resurface as family members interact, especially if there is disagreement about caring for an aging parent.
Getting siblings to agree on a plan of action may seem impossible, but Mr.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 33.054855
Retrieved Text: LAST weekend, Darkness into Light walks took place all across Ireland to raise awareness about all those affected by suicide.
On Sunday with Miriam, RTÉ sports reporter Evanne ni Chuilinn talked honestly about her younger brother, Cormac, who took his own life.
Brave is a word that tends to be overused, but it takes guts to talk on radio about something so deeply personal.
What she conveyed was love and compassion but also frustration at how her brother suffered.
Addiction centres don't take people on any drugs - and that rule includes prescription drugs, she pointed out. She would like to see changes.
She and her brother were both adopted and were just a few years apart. They had the same great childhood, she said - plenty of activities which they did together in a beautiful place, Kilkenny, with two very loving parents.
But whilst Evanne's path went in one direction, Cormac struggled with depression and addiction.
Her parents tried everything and she remembers when she was at college, having to come home to Kilkenny every Wednesday for family therapy sessions to talk about feelings... something she really did not want to do.
Her brother wanted desperately to have a normal life but it was not to be - and it was deeply difficult for him to be surrounded by those who found that jogging or a special diet made the difference when those things did not work for him.
Not everyone gets better and Cormac was one of those who did not, she said. The deep sorrow felt by herself, her little sister and

########
Rank: 24
Score: 32.96094
Retrieved Text: Where in the Bible does Brother Branham read at the beginning of this message?
"And, behold, a woman of ______ came out of the same coasts, and cried unto him, saying, Have mercy on me, O Lord, thou son of David; my daughter is grievously vexed with a devil."
What does Faith take its Eternal resting place upon?
In the days of Noah, the sons of ______ were wise man, builders, inventors, scientists, real smart, real religious. The sons of ______ were humble shepherds and farmers.
Speaking of Moses, Brother Branham said, "After _____ years in the wilderness, that God had uneducating him from the things of the world, unto the mind of God; taking all of his doctor's degree, and everything, away from him, till He could work into his heart."
What does Brother Branham say Goliath's head must of been the size of?
The Bible said that David was _____.
A ______ means "separated to the Word."
What did Samson beat down with a jawbone?
John the Baptist knew that he was represented in the Scripture.
John the Baptist followed in the line of his father by going down to the schools and seminaries.
Which Scripture does Brother Branham use to show God's Word is a sword?
Which of the following hindrances did Brother Branham speak of the Syrophenician woman having, even though her faith didn't have any?
Some of them might have said, "Remember, you are of a different race."
Another critic might have said, "Why, the days of miracles is passed. We don't have miracles no more."
There might have been a bunch of women come to

########
Rank: 25
Score: 32.90787
Retrieved Text: As her 50s date younger man is now a younger guy has been older women found a problem. It was like to star alongside young, you are three terms that 35 who are a younger man. An older than you might the older woman-younger man 7 years younger. Can benefit when you face when we expected.
It can avoid the realtionship won't work. Cindy gallop, if dating someone younger guy has had a catch to do all. With a younger than you have you. With an older women are in dating someone much older woman 15 years younger woman in their early twenties.
Older man dates much younger than me. Dating two years younger - speed dating style networking he wants to sexism. Even so many ways, all the roles are dating. En español you've fallen for someone younger man. J-Lo, you'll thrive in their pearls when you face when women have you turned 50.
Cindy gallop, 31 per cent of these older woman, including her young man then me – 2 years younger boys and i just turned 50? And her ex guy wants to be a great idea. I'm dating, said the creepiness rule out vancouver bc transgender dating the fact that often get jumbled together after his 50. Marrying an older woman more than you shouldn't be your junior. One of our aunts remarried a younger. Whether for women found ourselves in his relationship with a woman, 31 per cent of celebrity women are dating a younger than me.
Flirting with a guy really likes him, you.
View

########
Rank: 26
Score: 32.84279
Retrieved Text: In the wake of the Newtown shootings, Lisa Lambert, the executive director of the Parent/Professional Advocacy League, talks about why parents of children struggling with mental illness often remain silent—even when they are worried about explosive behavior. Lambert knows first hand the stigma and hostility that these parents face.”We need to be able to talk about our children and receive back compassion, understanding and good advice,” she writes. “Until that happens, many of us will stay quiet.” This piece first appeared on Lambert’s site, ppal.net.
Even among parents who have kids with mental health problems, many cringe at the idea of exposure. Liza Long’s stunning post,” I Am Adam Lanza’s Mother,” has prompted many parents to worry that she has exposed her 13-year-old son to public scrutiny and taken a terrible risk. Other parents pour out their own stories, feeling the risk is nothing compared to the pain of dealing with mental illness all alone. I have been both kinds of parent—the one who keeps quiet and the one who shares her child’s story.
When my son was in elementary school, he was sometimes violent, explosive and unpredictable. His mind, his focus and his mood would shift and nothing could interrupt the explosion. Believe me, I tried. All I could do was send his younger brother to his “safe spot” and manage things the best I could. For reasons none of us understood, his brother was often the target.
I worried for years that I would get a call that the state had removed my younger son because his

########
Rank: 27
Score: 32.802635
Retrieved Text: Elderly Florida residents are no doubt aware of the challenges that estate planning can present when deciding who gets what. Tempers have been known to flare amongst jealous relatives, but it’s important that everyone act calmly. A man has been accused of assaulting his elderly uncle after a contentious custody and probate hearing. The incident occurred when the two men were leaving a hearing was related to the custody of the suspect’s 92-year-old father.
The two had been fighting over guardianship for about two years, according to reports. The suspect and his brother had filed an injunction to get rid of the current estate manager, a woman who was appointed by the courts as the father’s guardian. The injunction contends that the woman is spending hundreds of thousands on unnecessary legal fees. The elderly man lives on about $40,000 per year and the woman spent $200,000, the sons argue. They also say that the woman is not sufficiently bonded to handle the expensive real estate transactions currently associated with the estate.
Furthermore, the woman does not visit the elderly man or provide the funds for his daily care, according to the filing. The sons have also accused the woman of misrepresenting the purpose of a recent real estate sale. She had acted as though the sale was intended to clear the elderly man’s debts, rather than to pay the associated legal fees.
The younger man is accused of punching and kicking his older uncle, according to the victim’s statement. The older man was transported to a local hospital where

########
Rank: 28
Score: 32.797436
Retrieved Text: My latest commission: A beautiful story.
It's finally finished. I usually don't take so long to make a commissioned piece, but this one took me a lot longer than expected. I have several reasons for that: the move, lack of space to create, lack of time... but the true reason lies in the fact that I did not feel like I was up to the task. Inspiration just didn't come. It was like too much responsibility.
"My grandma grew up poor. Her family had a piano, but no money for lessons. She taught herself to play and for her entire life she played the piano and the organ in church, at weddings, funerals, and senior citizen events. When I was 4, my parents were in a bitter divorce and custody battle for me and my younger brother. It was a mess but my grandparents offered to take us and that is what happened. My grandpa died when I was 5, leaving grandma to raise two young children alone. She was disabled and could not work and neither of our parents gave her a penny to help. My grandma was my mother, my father, my friend and my teacher. She taught me to sew, crochet, sing alto, and direct music. She taught me to love reading, writing, dancing, vintage things, and taught me to love God. She was a preschool teacher for years and inspired me to be a tray. In short, anything good about me and anything good I may have done, I owe to her."
So here they

########
Rank: 29
Score: 32.76126
Retrieved Text: Maeng Soon-Yi (Choi Jin-Shil) sacrificed her childhood and youth to taking care of her father, who started drinking heavily after her mother abandoned them when she was 10, and her two younger siblings. She even gave up her own education because she had to work hard to earn her siblings’ tuitions. She is married to a guy named Ban Sung-Moon (Son Hyun-Joo ), her five years junior, and has two daughters with him. Her life continues to present her with endless hardships but she just believes that that is “happiness.” One day her husband falls in love with an attractive divorced woman and demands a divorce from Soon-Yi.
Soon-Yi's younger sister, Maeng Young-Yi (Lee Tae-Ran), is a successful career woman. She dates her first love Lee Jung-Do (Jang Dong-Jik), who is now married to another woman and who broke up with her for the sake of his career in the past.
Finally, Soon-Yi’s younger brother, Chul-Soo, earns his doctorate degree in the United States and settles down there, completely ignoring his responsibility of taking care of his father.
Just to make things worse, Soon-Yi is one day diagnosed with cancer, which to her is tantamount to a death sentence. After learning about her disease, her husband reflects on himself and shows her the genuine meaning of marital love.
lufi Sep 18 2016 6:37 am Very good drama. Makes me cry..
rian Feb 29 2016 9:27 pm im not interesting for this drama.

================



======= Instance Index 347 =========
Input Text: Read the following conversation and answer the question.

W: Hello, glad to see you here!

M: Me, too. How are you going these days?

W: I'm OK. What are you doing in the library?

M: Oh, recently I'm curious about British English and American English. So I just come here to get some information. They are really about the same, aren't they?

W: I don't think so. It seems to me that some of the spellings are different.

M: Such as?

W: Words like theater and center end in "re" in England instead of "er" like we spell them.

M: Can you think of any more examples?

W: The word "color" is another case in point. In fact, many words which end in "or" in American English are spelled "our" in British English.

M: I'm still not convinced. I mean, if someone comes here from England, we can all understand what he's saying. The spelling doesn't really matter that much.

W: We're not just talking about spelling. There are differences in pronunciation and meaning too. I remember seeing an English movie where the actors kept calling their apartment a flat. Half of the movie was over before I realized what they were talking about.

M: So there are slight differences in spelling and some vocabulary.

W: And in pronunciation, too. You aren't going to tell me that you sound like James Simpson.

M: James Simpson isn't English. He's Scottish.

W: Okay. Anyway, the pronunciation is different.

M: So British English and American English are different in many ways, right?

W: Yes, sure.

M: But it's not so different that it prevents us from understanding each other.

W: That's exactly what I mean.

M: Questions 9 to 12 are based on the conversation you have just heard.

Question: What do we learn about British English and American English? 

- They are totally different.

- They are practically the same.

- They are slightly different but interoperable.

Target Text: They are slightly different but interoperable.

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 36.94158
Retrieved Text: HomeUnlabelled Should English be feared?
A lot of people ask how to study English fun, fast and fluently. We have realized how English is important to be learned. Perhaps, some people will be easy to learn it, because from the beginning they have loved English so much. Yap ! That is the key word. We will be easy to learn something when we love it. Here, we will talk some appropriate ways.
The first key of studying English is loving what we will learn. For persons who already like, that is really good ! Keep improving for it ! But for persons who have not liked it yet, Let’s try approaching that language. Because there is nothing to be useless!
When we have loved it, we will not be bored to study more and more. Being bored comes when we do not love it, we think that English is difficult, annoying, etc. But when we love English then it will be very fun to learn it.
The second key is for some people who love to learn by using auditory skills. Let’s try to listen an English song, try to write the lyrics and try to know the meaning of that song. That method is very effectual. From the song’s lyrics (although not all of the songs are patterned sentences with correct grammatical) at least can increase vocabularies. Because the more vocabularies we have the easier we learn English.
This fun method is for persons who like watching movie. Try to watch English movies with using English subtitle too! For persons

########
Rank: 1
Score: 36.899036
Retrieved Text: The American Pronunciation Course is a brand new self-study course that will show you exactly what Americans are doing to pronounce English and how you can do it, too. You will learn everything you need to know about pronunciation including... The difference between vowel sounds cat, cot, and cut. Many people confuse them. How to correctly pronounce the vowel in in foot and cook every time. How to distinguish between hit and heat, and MORE... To learn MORE about the American Pronunciation Course, CLICK HERE!
Although American English and British English are not different languages, they have differences at various levels such as vocabulary, phonetics and phonology. The most obvious difference is pronunciation and accent. At present, about 80% of everything shown on TV (also on the Internet) is from the United States, therefore most peoples' accents lean more towards the American English accent, not British. And not only accent... There are many other differences between American and British English: lexical, grammatical, socio-cultural, etc.
If your students want to use American English in their future lives (study or live in America or Canada) they need to start learning American English. How to learn American English? ESL students can learn to speak with American English accent by performing listening and speaking exercises. In fact, there are a few excellent American English learning resources.
The Positive Dictionary contains hundreds of words with positive connotations. Every word is explained concisely in two lines, in the form of an action which can be practiced and in the form of a deeper thought or

########
Rank: 2
Score: 36.356014
Retrieved Text: （1）To learn the importance of English.
（2）Ss will be able to know the development of English and feel the role that culture plays in thechange of language.
（3）To know the difference between British English and American English.
（4）Ss will be able to know how to get the key sentence of a paragraph.
①English is a language spoken all around the world.
②There are more than 42 countries where the majority of the people speak English.
③The number of people who learn English as a foreign language is more than 750 million.
④In China students learn English at school as a foreign language, except for those in Hong Kong, where many people speak English as a first or a second language.
( 1) To be able to get the main idea from the text.
(2.) To be able to solve the problem by analyzing.
(3) To be able to use the different learning strategies for different reading purposes.
Greet the students as usual.
T: Yes. An Englishman usually calls it a football. But what do Americans usually call it?
T: Well, as we know, there is more than one kind of English in the word. They are different from one another in some ways. Why has English changed over time? What will world English be in the future? Do you know? Well, today, the passage “The Road To Modern English” will tell us. Now please open your books and turn to page 9.
1. Let the students read the passage carefully and then make a time line of the development of English.
2. Let the students read the passage again and fill

########
Rank: 3
Score: 35.78589
Retrieved Text: The phrases I don’t care and I don’t mind are very common and useful, but they can cause offence and/or confusion when Americans and Brits use them together. In the USA they mean one thing and in the UK they mean another.
When an American says I don’t care to a Brit, they can sound negative and apathetic. And when a Brit says I don’t mind to an American, they can appear to avoid the question, and answer another different question – which makes no sense. Learn how we use these phrases differently on both sides of the pond in this video.
To see more of our videos on American and British differences, click here.
To see more videos about what’s polite in everyday English conversation, click here.
Would you like tea, or coffee?
I don’t mind. I don’t care.
This video’s about a curious difference between American and British English.
Yes, Jay’s American and I’m British.
And this video’s about a family argument.
Yes. It’s about how Jay uses the phrase ‘I don’t care’.
No, it’s about how you use the phrase ‘I don’t mind’.
Do you want to tell them or shall I?
When you offer us two alternatives, two possibilities, British and American people respond in different ways.
We both mean we’re happy with either alternative, but our responses are different. So same intentions but different responses – that can lead to misunderstandings.
There’s that comedy with Sandra Bullock, and that one with Robert De Niro.
Which do you fancy. I don’t care.
You don’t want to go then?
All right then. We won’t go.
In American ‘I don’t care’ means

########
Rank: 4
Score: 35.08195
Retrieved Text: What's the difference? American & British English?
In this lesson, we’ll look at the main differences between Standard British English and Standard American English.
Posted in Blog, Videosamerican, American English, american pronunciation, American vocabulary, British, British English, British pronunciation, cambly, collective nouns, confident, Confidently, Conversation, difference, differences between, different vocabulary, Emma, English, English conversation, English pronunciation, English teacher, English vocabulary, English with Emma, ESL, grammar, ielts exam, learn english, learn english conversation, learn english grammar, learn how to become, mmmEnglish, prepositions, pronunciation, Speaking, spelling, spon, type of English, vocabulary, what's the difference, Whats, which one?
The Tet Holiday – Learn English Easily!

########
Rank: 5
Score: 34.807846
Retrieved Text: Actually when in a non-english speaking country you have a choice. If you want to learn American English or British English. And there is a difference.
British English lol. Link some of these courses offering British or American English options please.
Translation: if he becomes another Luis Gutierrez he will have support from the "spanish" community.
Now is that the racial tone you are talking about?!
In all actuality, I don't see an antihispanic attitude, I see an Anti-Illegal Alien attitude, and in a lot of instances from a members of all backgrounds, even Hispanic!
My Mother's parents came over from Russia, LEGALLY, and worked hard to become American Citizens. Many people have family who have become American citizens Legally. Why cheapen their accomplishments, and allow this to happen.
Additionally, something to consider, if we simply ALLOW these people to stay here, are we not thumbing our noses at ourselves? We have LAWS for a reason. By allowing them to stay we are in fact telling them, we are not willing to enforce our own laws. So? Which law is next that we won't enforce, and what kind of a message is being sent by not enforcing our laws? Tell me, what other country in the WORLD would put up with all these illegal "immigrants"?
Here is what we need to do.
1. All schools kick out any child whose PARENTS are not legal residents.
2. Impose HUGE fines on employers who hire ANYONE not a legal resident.
3. Impose fines on anyone who rents or allows dwelling to anyone not a legal resident.
4. Immediately deport

########
Rank: 6
Score: 34.634186
Retrieved Text: I've read your article with great interest, however I think that as English is one of the most important vehicle languages , there's no great difference between American English and British one. Students should learn how to speak it without too much concern on this difference. What is important is to speak and let other people understand you.
Thank you for sharing this article. It's really helpful and useful. I don't think so that American English is better, but I think American English is easier than British English. After reading this article, I realize that I often mix between American English and British English in speaking.
Well, once again, thak you for sharing this information.
Sorry, Dave C. I'm from San Francisco and we use 'been' and 'gone' the same way. No difference in American English.
Can we use both American and British English in oral speech?
The verb in the table above is the verb 'to saw', meaning to cut something with a saw, not the past tense of 'see'. I hope that clears up the confusion!
Thanks to everyone for your helpful comments.
The information given above was very useful and well written. I would like to tell you if you noticed that, in the table of verbs, "saw" is in the list of infinitive verbs where it should be "see". Am I wrong?
I wanted to comment that. Thank you for the information, as I said, it was very very useful.
I just wanted to say one other thing...it has often been the case that German speaking English teachers use these differences

########
Rank: 7
Score: 34.43897
Retrieved Text: Can you distinguish between American English or British English? These tests will help you to learn, review, and refresh your knowledge about the difference between American English or British English. Each test contains 10 questions. Choose American English or British English to answer each question. Instructions may be available for each test. After finishing a test, you can review your answers.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 34.16985
Retrieved Text: Odpowiedzcie na poniższe pytania. Waszym dominującym typem jest ten, z którego macie 6 lub więcej odpowiedzi. Wynik testu jest oczywiście orientacyjny, ale ciekawa jestem, czy zgodzi się z Waszymi wyobrażeniami? Oryginalny test najdziecie tu.
Question 1 - When do you use your English outside of class?
Speaking with other non-native English speakers (i.e., not American, British, Australia, etc. but with people who have learned English as a second or foreign language).
Speaking with native English speakers.
When I travel on holiday.
With colleagues on the telephone or by email.
Question 2 - Why are you learning English?
To live in an English speaking country.
To use English to get a better job - Improve English for my current job.
To speak English on holidays.
To use English to stay informed by reading newspapers, magazines, Internet.
Question 3 - Which statement best expresses your opinion about English?
It's important to speak English for my job.
It's important to speak American English OR British English.
The most important thing is communicating. It doesn't matter whether you make a few mistakes.
I need to ask directions and order breakfast when I go on holiday.
Question 4 - Which is the most important English task for you?
Writing excellent communication through email, or in letters.
Exchanging ideas with other people in English (both native and non-native speakers).
Asking for and understanding basic things in English.
Question 5 - How often do you use your English?
Every day at work, shopping and speaking to people.
Not very often, only when I travel or meet foreigners in my country.
On a regular basis when reading, speaking to friends via the internet, watching TV in English,

########
Rank: 9
Score: 33.438683
Retrieved Text: Three Simple Tricks to Instantly Boost your English communication skills!
Communication is not just about words: body language, facial expressions, and context also play a big role in helping us convey ideas. However, and especially when communicating across cultures, the clearer your words, the easier you can get your point across. And if you understand the following three things about English grammar, you’ll be able to instantly boost your communication skills in English!
1. English grammar is linear: Word order as your no.1 priority!
More often than not, a student of mine will say something that sounds confusing, but as soon as I write it on the white board, I realize that all I need to do in order to make the sentence perfectly clear is to reverse the order of two segments in the sentence.
Compared with Japanese grammar, English grammar is more linear and functions like a series of drawers, or a decision tree. The order of words is decided in advance, which means that for each new information you give, the listener will form expectations on what follows next. If you do not fulfil these expectations, your risk losing the listener mid-sentence!
Word order is important in English to convey meaning. And the best way to learn English grammar is reading, as it makes you absorb English grammar!
2. American culture is low-contest: What is not said… is NOT said!
We tend to talk about English as one entity, but the truth is there are many types of English! For instance, British and American English have differences in pronunciation, grammar,

########
Rank: 10
Score: 33.097374
Retrieved Text: The trickiest word in English - Quite!
Watch this English lesson to learn vocabulary for health and sickness. We'll also show you how some words we use to talk about illness that are different in British and American English.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 32.76133
Retrieved Text: Use this localisation checklist to help you expand your reach, outside of your territory and possibly on the other side of the planet.
You want your new clients to feel comfortable on your site. The chances are you can’t afford to localise into their language, so you’ve opted for English.
But, have you thought about which English? Yes, there are many versions of English!
Which English is spoken where?
Well, apart from the obvious – Americans speak American English, Canadians speak Canadian English and Brits speak British English – to mention but a few of the countries that form the Anglosphere, there are still the second-language speakers of English to consider. At a global level, they now far outnumber native speakers of English!
Most countries where English is an official language will have opted for one of the two main versions – British or American – a decision often born out of the country’s history. In some countries, a decision taken by the education authority will have been the deciding factor.
In terms of sheer numbers, American English is the most commonly used English for web searches on Google and other search engines. So if you can only afford one English version of your site, and you’re not specifically selling to the UK, opt for American English.
Why using the right English matters?
Using the right English vocabulary puts your potential customers at ease and helps with conversion rates.
Here’s a checklist of words that appear on sales and checkout pages. Try to speak the right English to your clients on either side of the

########
Rank: 12
Score: 32.532436
Retrieved Text: We've now started to learn about the different varieties of English, and started with British English in today's lesson.
At the beginning of our lesson, we looked at the spread of modern English. We can divide this spread into three stages: Inner Circle, Outer Circle and Expanding Circle.
In the Inner and Outer Circles, you can find standard varieties. In the Inner Circle, English is used as an official language, such as in government, education and everyday life. In the Outer Circle, English is used in addition to an official language. For example, in Malaysia, the official language in Malay, but English is used in many facets of society.
For the Expanding Circle, this means English is in the process of standardizing. It is taught in school, but it is still not used in everyday interactions in society.
We watched a short video on the variety of dialects used in the U.K. There are a minimum of 30 different dialects, each with its own pronunciation, grammar and vocabulary use. However, we focused on Received Pronunciation (RP) or Standard British English.
We had a variety of activities to show how British English differs in pronunciation, grammar and vocabulary from American English. This will help you identify some of the features of British English in the videos you have to watch for homework.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 32.386185
Retrieved Text: These two varieties of English are very similar that most American and British speakers can understand each other without great difficulty. There are, however, a few differences of grammar, vocabulary and spelling. The following guide is meant to point out the principal differences between American English (AE) and British English (BE).
The British use the present perfect to talk about a past action which has an effect on the present moment. In American English both simple past and present perfect are possible in such situations.
Other differences include the use of already, just and yet. The British use the present perfect with these adverbs of indefinite time. In American English simple past and present perfect are both possible.
The British normally use have got to show possession. In American English have (in the structure do you have) and have got are both possible.
In British English the past participle of get is got. In American English the past participle of get is gotten, except when have got means have.
In British English it is fairly common to use shall with the first person to talk about the future. Americans rarely use shall.
In offers the British use shall. Americans use should.
In British English needn't and don't need to are both possible. Americans normally use don't need to.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 32.282616
Retrieved Text: Thank you very much for your software, it helps me a lot. I am not a native speaker and I haven’t had practice in English for two years, but now I’m trying to recover my English.
I write in several languages (in Ukrainian, Russian, Spanish, Esperanto and English), and I prefer to write in English with British spelling. But when I enable the option of language auto-detection I have a problem: LanguageTool is sure that I’m writing in English (US) and show that words like “colour” or “organisation” are mistakes.
I think, it would be perfect to have the language auto-detection, but I want to see in my computer British English as auto-detected. How can I configure the LanguageTool Firefox extension for this?
Hi, this is a known problem and we already have an issue for this (https://github.com/languagetool-org/languagetool-browser-addon/issues/7), but currently it’s not supported.
Well, I’ll wait for the resolving of the issue. Anyway, your software is great!
I changed the default settings for the English language from American English to British English.
I’m not sure that makes sense, now everybody who uses American English gets the wrong language by default?
I’m not sure that it’s good solution. I think, there are more people who use American English than British.
If users set language to American English then they get American English.
But if users set language to auto detect then they get British English.
Yes, but how is this better than before? I think American English should stay the default as it’s the right choice for more users.
I think so, too; although I’m the creator of

########
Rank: 15
Score: 32.238438
Retrieved Text: This English tutorial is a revision of spelling of endings of the 3rd person singular verbs and about adverbs, that go with Present Simple tense.
positive or negative and really feel comfortable using this particular tense.
grammar in examples and just reviewing a few keywords.
This English tutorial is a revision of spelling of endings of the 3rd person singular present simple.
ENGLISH WOMAN: Now, we can speak English. We can ask questions. We can reply to questions. When do you want to speak English?
AMERICAN MAN: I want to speak English soon.
INDIAN WOMAN: I want to speak English very soon.
ENGLISH WOMAN: Why do you want to speak English?
INDIAN WOMAN: I want to speak English to work.
MAN: I need to speak English.
AMERICAN MAN: What do you need?
INDIAN WOMAN: I need to eat because I am hungry.
ENGLISH WOMAN: How do you learn English?
WOMAN: I learn English Online.
ENGLISH WOMAN: Who do you speak English with?
AMERICAN MAN: I speak English with my teacher. She speaks English very well. She is a good teacher.
ENGLISH WOMAN: What do you do?
AMERICAN MAN: I do not understand “Do you Do“?
ENGLISH WOMAN: That is normal there are two do’s in English. “Do” is an auxiliary: What do you eat? “Do” is a verb also. I do work. You do the work.
AMERICAN MAN: We do something. They do something as well.
ENGLISH WOMAN: Do you understand? Can you do English grammar exercises?
S + always + V + O .
Do/Don’t + S + always + V + O ?
S + V + O + EVERY DAY + .
S + V + O

########
Rank: 16
Score: 32.19538
Retrieved Text: Time and money is precious, and there is no point in wasting either learning in an inefficient or ineffective way. Our lessons are structured so that you can learn quickly, but that your learning is assessed and your progress monitored. We focus on correct pronunciation and presenting grammar in such a way that it is understandable and easy to remember. We coach our students to speak in a way that is both normal and comprehensible to native-speakers.
Before we can place you in a group or organise individual lessons we need to meet with you in person to find out your English level and assess how you will learn best. This normally takes between 15 and 30 minutes and can be arranged by calling (+38) 067 026 41 28.
We group students based on a combination of similar ability and age. The maximum number of students in each group is 8, and we try to maximise each student’s chance to speak.
Our classes are conducted completely in English by a qualified native-speaker teacher. Students can take up to three months to adapt to lessons that are ‘just in English.’ Some students do not adapt, although this is rare, and the vast majority of students are able to understand most instruction in English within six weeks of the commencement of lessons.
We provide group lessons for children aged from seven years. Generally, the younger a student is, the easier it is to fix mistakes in pronunciation and to introduce English in a way that will simplify their future learning. We currently

########
Rank: 17
Score: 32.042747
Retrieved Text: English learners want to learn English fast so their English speaking and English listening improve quickly.
Their goal is to speak English fluently with native English speakers. So they believe that speaking English with native English speakers is the best way to improve their spoken English.
But English conversation with native speakers is difficult unless you are an advanced English learner. That is why recorded conversations are so valuable.
In this video, AJ speaks about recorded conversations and he explains why they are important to English learners.
Totally agreeded! One of the most powerfull way to improve speaking skills. I used it before my first travel to US. Thanks for you, LRE team!
Thank you fo4 this video it is very important and your way is really usful and right.
After I’ve been beginning Learn Real English I found easier to understand spoken English by American people.
You known same thing? I beginning to understand American movies and TVsTV show.
Thanks a lot AJHoge. You are a great Ingles Teacher.
Thanks a lot for this wonderful lesson! You are great! It’s such an amazing and helphul method in the same time!
Thank u! for video,I am interested for your lesson.
I finished yours first course.
Now I’m studying lesson 17-San Franscisco – Part 2.
I’m enjoying so much this course. After that I’ll try the new one.
My congratulations for the Real English Course.
I like your lessons very much. i would like to speak fluent English, i faith i will do it as i am learning very hard every day!
American English Or British English?
©2019 Learn Real English. All rights reserved.
Guarantee

########
Rank: 18
Score: 31.869343
Retrieved Text: Hi Max. Great video thank you Max.
i subbed to you, im from india, which part of australia are you from?
+Zohaib Azam Yes :). And I also put short videos on Facebook and Instagram.
+English with Max will you upload more videos in the future?
Thanks! I'm from a town on the east coast called Coffs Harbour.
I've heard both pronounciation many times and when i heard the British one I got confused, I knew it had to be a British vs American thing, never bothered to look it up tho, but now I heard it again an decided to look it up. I honestly don't like the British one, the American one sounds better, personal preference.
Well, I now have a reason to believe that my PTE/IELTS scores are affected by the occasional misuse of British/Australian/American English. I learned the basics of English in China as I grew up there and the English books are written in American English. Then I moved into Australia and picked up part of the pronunciation and spellings in Australian English. For the entertainment, I watch American TV shows and movies. I can see how problematic my spellings has become. Do you have any advice to standardise my use of English?
Oh I see. Yes, it might also depend on who is marking your exam.
English with Max Thanks for the reply, Max. Apparently, some English tests take this matter more seriously. Let's say if I write an essay in British English and spell a word in American's way. This word would be considered misspelt. For example,

########
Rank: 19
Score: 31.84979
Retrieved Text: Do I have (or) Have I got … news for you?
In the beginning it was easy. No one had to worry about the choice between teaching Have you got… ? or Do you have …? for possession. When I started teaching, the textbooks avoided the question by teaching plain Have you…? OK, it was stilted, but at least it united British and American usage: neither used it in conversation.
By the seventies, structural courses in British English introduced possession with Have you got …? The classic ELT writer’s bible, English Grammatical Structure (Longman, 1975) by the four leading ELT authors of the day (L.G. Alexander, W. Stannard Allen, R.A. Close and Robert O’Neill) defined six levels for teaching structure, each with thirty stages. They worked out meticulously a logical progression from simple to complex, and have / have got was introduced after the verb to be but before the present simple. They gave both possibilities: Have you got…? and Have you …? Functional courses reinforced Have you got …? which was the accepted form in British English. When you did an American version of a British textbook, as I did with Streamline, you switched to Do you have …?
There are problems with have got in American English. The first is the tendency of people to say I got … for possession, or to voice the ‘ve so softly that they might be saying I got …. An interesting textbook example comes from the British series English File where the American Roy Orbison song You Got It is

########
Rank: 20
Score: 31.83072
Retrieved Text: Do not confuse these two words: joke — a joke, anecdote; anecdote — the story of life, not necessarily funny.
He was telling jokes all the time during the meeting. — Throughout the meeting, he told funny stories.
The book is full of anecdotes about his life in Africa. — The book contains many stories of his life in Africa.
To crack / to make jokes — jokes.
To tell a joke — tell a funny story (never say say a joke!).
To play a joke (on somebody) — play a joke on someone.
To get a joke — take a joke.
Private joke — a joke understandable to a narrow circle of people (in American English — inside joke).
Practical joke — trick, prank.
Dirty joke — color joke.
Sick joke — a nasty joke.
What other «comic» expression is in English?
You must be joking / you’ve got to be joking — you must be joking.
It is a joke — to be absolutely useless, stupid.
The meeting was a joke! — The meeting was absolutely useless!
To make a joke (out) of something — translate something in earnest.
He was not able to speak seriously about the matter and was making a joke out of it instead. — He could not talk seriously about the case, but only translate all a joke.
Go / get / be beyond the joke — to stop being ridiculous.
It’s getting late and he is not at home. I am afraid the situation is getting beyond the joke. — It’s getting late, and it is not. I’m afraid that it’s not funny.
Somebody’s idea of a

########
Rank: 21
Score: 31.828794
Retrieved Text: American English vs British English – what’s the difference? Well, there are 3 main ways that these groups of English speakers disagree.
First, vocabulary. Some words in British English (like “bin”) are completely different in the USA (“trash”/”garbage”). There are a lot of words like this – and you can try these out in our Great Quiz of American English vs British English.
Secondly, spelling. The main difference here is the letter u. Words like “humour” and”colour” are, here, spelled in the British English way. In the US, the u is absent. These words are spelled “humor” and “color”.
The last – and probably the most confusing – difference between American English and British English is how we speak.
Not only do the 2 groups of English speakers use different words (and different slang), but the way some words are pronounced are also different. This can make things confusing – for learners, yes, but even for British people and people from the USA!
To help, why not study a small group of words which are often pronounced differently? We at English42 will show you 8 common words which American and British people pronounce differently. The first words will be short and simple, while the last words will be longer and difficult.
The IPA uses strange-looking symbols to represent different sounds. You can see it anytime you look up a word in an English dictionary. We will use it here to show you how the words sound different in American English vs British English.
For more English advice and tips every day, Like English42

########
Rank: 22
Score: 31.825403
Retrieved Text: British English is the standard dialect of English language as spoken and written in the United Kingdom. Variations exist in formal, written English in the United. How to Speak in a British Accent. This article focuses on "Received Pronunciation" (RP), the stereotypical British accent mainly spoken in the south of England. 1 Mar or Highland Scot inside? Take our quiz and we'll pinpoint which part of the UK you most sound like you're from – even if you're not British.
8 Feb One feature of most American English is what linguists call 'rhoticity', or the pronunciation of 'r' in words like 'card' and 'water'. It turns out that. There's no such thing as "British English", at least when it comes to speaking. So, how can you speak English like you're from England?. 8 May When Berkery is training an actor in a British accent, she starts with a tongue boot camp of silent flicks and twists. There is a physicality to.
The website of art duo Quiet British Accent (QbA). We use lettering and old pennies to explore a love of slogans. Our word art takes the form of canvases, signs. 11 Jan Test your fake British or American accent with this AI don't struggle with, it's figuring out whether they sound more British or American. 'ello, Guv. You want me to describe British Accents 'ere, you do? As anyone who knows the basic facts of the place will tell you, there is no such thing as .

########
Rank: 23
Score: 31.806494
Retrieved Text: We have every-day adventures learning about our little town of Sydenham. It’s a multi-ethnic area in SouthEast London, part of the boroughs of Lewisham/Bromlely. Part of the fun is learning to understand people. Of course, they do speak English here, but our problem is -- we speak American. As well, the English speakers range from the typical accents you hear on BBC-America (the café owner and the laundryette lady who call me luv and Bill “ducks” or “darlin”), to the butcher who is Scottish, to the very proper (and very rapid) English spoken by our landlady to the English spoken with Pakistani, Indian, Afghanistan, and any number of African accents. Everyone seems to know we are “American” even before we open our mouths and I haven’t figured out quite why that is. Many of the people we meet are very interested – and knowledgeable – about American politics and ask us what we think of current events. This is fun, and different for us, because in our RV lifestyle back in the states, people pretty much go out of their way *not* to talk politics to casual acquaintances – too much of a minefield, I expect.
I'm posting a list of awesome british food that I hope you'll try before your return. Why there aren't British restaurants on every corner I'll never know!

########
Rank: 24
Score: 31.780823
Retrieved Text: This is a special vocabulary lesson for musicians and for anyone who is interested in music! I’ll introduce you to the technical vocabulary of musical theory and notation. You may already have an understanding of music and how it’s written. But if you don’t, then I hope this will be a useful introduction for you, whether you’re learning English as a foreign language or are a native English speaker. You’ll learn words such as note, flat, sharp, clef, tone, signature, semibreve, timbre, melody, texture, and more. I’ll also talk about some of the words that are different in the UK and the US. Also, whatever style of music you like – classical, jazz, pop, folk, country, heavy metal – this lesson has something in it for you. So let’s rock on!
How to improve your English with MUSIC and MOVIES! Improve your Vocabulary: Learn 16 new social, political, and internet words Real English: Phrases for finding an apartment Vocabulary Hack: Learn 30+ Verbs in 10 minutes! GETTING HIGH with Ronnie!
What do you call the five parallel lines on which the musical notes are written?
The time signature tells you how many ___________ there are in a _________.
The note values tell you how long a note should be played. There are different names for these in the American and British systems. What is the British equivalent of an American "quarter note"?
If you think of the piano keyboard with its black and white notes, what are the black notes called?
What are the spaces between the notes called (relating to semitone,

########
Rank: 25
Score: 31.761082
Retrieved Text: Learn English the Australian way! There are plenty of sites online to teach you British or American English, but what about good old Aussie English? If you're planning to visit my beautiful country, but have only ever had language classes from a British or American tutor, you won't be ready for the huge difference you'll experience from native Australian speakers. Let me help ya, mate!
So you're scratching out a plan to visit Down Under? You've been doing some online English course somewhere, such as iTalki.com or LiveMocha.com? If you haven't ever had a chinwag with an Aussie bloke or chick, then chances are you're in for a big surprise!
Righto, well one way to prepare would be to find a good book on Aussie slang. There's a pretty famous fellah named Kel Richards. He's a dead set Aussie, and he's written a lot of books and made a stack of radio broadcasts in Aussie English.
Kel has a bonza eBook out, which is pretty dirt cheap. It's great stuff, and I really recommend it. Click on the book title. If you've got a Kindle like me, you can easily load her up with Kel's books.
Other than books like these, you can also watch some classic Aussie movies. I will talk more about those in another blog, but for now, see if you can get your mitts on a copy of The Castle. *It's fairly family friendly (maybe the rare swear word)*, but otherwise it's a real hoot!
I'll do what I can to help you get ready for your

########
Rank: 26
Score: 31.624538
Retrieved Text: "A gyerekek nem a járdán futnak, hanem a füvön."
Translation:The children are running not on the sidewalk, but on the lawn.
"Sidewalk" is American for "footpath".
It gives one translation as the accepted one, but also accepts other alternatives, but it isn't going to mention them all, or you'd have about a page of writing and we'd all be even more confused. I'd say pavement, and it accepted that, but it's got to be usable for people who speak various kinds of English. I like it to accept my British English, of course, but that's not really going to be the number one around the world, is it? Much trickier is when the grammar is different- so in US English, you'll often not use a preposition which it would be strange not to use in British English. I don't know where Duo is available, but if you factor in Australia, NZ, India, various African varieties of English, to name but a few, then you have probably many many requests to accept variations on each question... A lot of the users here are learning using English as a middle language, so it has to be accessible to them, too. If you think of the number of ways you could translate this into English... the makers of the course have a BIG job to do to keep us all happy!
Here, here! snosage - very well said. A lingot for you! If we as students are flexible enough to try to learn a foreign language, then surely we can utilize that same

########
Rank: 27
Score: 31.615635
Retrieved Text: You may think that the English we speak and read is the same all over the world. But this is far from true. Although British and American English are the two dominating variants, we find many local variants. There are differences between British and American spelling such as: colour (BE) and color (AE) or analyse (BE) and analyze (AE).
Some teachers will say to stick to only the British system, while others will say that the American system is easier to learn. As long as you are consistent and stick to one system, there should be no real problem. The following British and American spelling exercise tests if you can recognize the differences.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 31.593853
Retrieved Text: Learning with Eriza’s Language School is fun and easy.
It’s EASY to learn a new language. Especially if you learn through Eriza’s Language School. Whether you already speak English and want to improve. Or if you are starting from scratch. We can help! Message me to learn how easy and fun learning English / Tagalog can be. Let me help you Improve your life, starting today!
We offer both private Tagalog tutoring and small group lessons. My results-oriented approach will help you learn Tagalog quickly. And you’ll have fun doing it too. And as a Filipino and native speaker of Tagalog, I can help you learn both the language and a bit about Philippines culture, if you wish.
We offer both private English as a Second Language (ESL) tutoring and small group lessons. My results-oriented approach will have you learning English quickly. And you’ll have fun doing it too. Typically, lessons are given in American English. But if preferred, British English can be taught instead.
By keeping my overhead low, I’m able to offer top quality English and Tagalog tutoring sessions at affordable rates.
– I also offer Discounted Group Lesson Rates, for a student who wishes to learn in a (very) small group.
Copyright © 2018-2019 Eriza's Language School. All Rights Reserved.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 31.545979
Retrieved Text: Where can I learn more? For more detailed information about Aboriginal English in NSW, read linguist Dr Diana Eades's book Aboriginal English, which she wrote for the Board of Studies in 1995.... 24/09/2014 · Generally, I would use 'learn about' (something/somewhere). I want to learn more about America. I want to learn more about American English and American history.
1/01/2019 · As someone who knows many others who have learned English as a second language, I've learned from them that watching tv *in English* is the best way to learn English. Now, this really only covers the passive aspect of learning English. Speaking English is a whole other ball of wax. To really expand your ability to speak you have to practice, practice, practice. The more people you speak to... Speak English Confidently and Fluently! Let me show you the quick, easy "wins" that help you speak English with more accuracy, fluency and confidence - in half the time of a traditional English course.
Learn English Free - How to improve your English skills - Improve your Learning Skills . Learn English Home About Us Find out what kind of learner you are in order to better understand how to learn more effectively.. The visual learner. Do you need to see your teacher during lessons in order to fully understand the content of a lesson? Do you prefer to sit at the front of the classroom to... I'm working in a corporate school as a English teacher for grad 5th to 7th. There are grammar books for academic

================



======= Instance Index 4946 =========
Input Text: Read the following conversation and answer the question.

Emily: Welcome home, Dad.

Dad: Oh, Emily. How are you today?

Emily: Fine.

Dad: Good. And how was school today?

Emily: Really fun.

Dad: Good. And what did you do?

Emily: We made things.

Dad: Like what types of things did you make?

Emily: We made books.

Dad: You made books! Okay. And what else?

Emily: We ... we made paper kangaroos.

Dad: You made paper kangaroos? Okay, and what did you need to make your paper kangaroos? What kind of supplies did you need?

Emily: We used crayons, papers, glue, and we had to follow directions.

Dad: Well good. And what did you do after school?

Emily: We went home, played games.

Dad: And did ... Mom said you went to the junior high school.

Emily: I rode my bike in the tennis court.

Dad: Did you go by yourself?

Emily: I went with the whole family, and we went with Nathan, Sara, Racheal.

Dad: You went with your cousins.

Emily: And my mom.

Dad: Well, that's great. Well, let's get ready for dinner.

Emily: Okay.

Question: In addition to paper books, what did the little girl make with paper at school? 

- an animal

- a person

- a building

Target Text: an animal

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 36.890045
Retrieved Text: I used a Peggy Loves Vintage image from believe it or not, one of her Santa collections. This little girl is just adorable and when I saw her I immediately thought of using her in a back to school card.
I've been having fun using old book pages and this time I've created some really simple little flowers. I cut strips of paper about an 1 1/2" wide and 4 1/2" long, crumpled them up length wise and then rolled and wrapped using hot glue till I got to the end.
This is a sentiment from one of The Cutting Cafe's sets called School Days. There are several images and sentiments in this set. I've used mine several times now.
As you can see I used more of the book pages to create a background for the image. The possibilities are endless when it comes to old book pages. They are so much fun! If you haven't tried using old book pages on your cards yet, you just gotta getcha some to play with!
That's my back to school card for today. Thanks for dropping by to visit me. Please come again, but until then, have a lovely day! HUGS!
Oh how CUTE!!! Love that you used an image from a Christmas CD and those flowers are FANTASTIC!! Love it all, DeeDee!!! The papers are perfect, and the layout is awesome! Adorable!!!
It was been WAY to long since I have stopped by, I can't believe all that I have missed. This card is precious. I especially love what you did with

########
Rank: 1
Score: 36.697124
Retrieved Text: If you've been a blog reader for a long time (like several years), you may remember the Girl Reading freezer paper shirts I made for the girls a while back. Those were inside a heart for Valentine's Day.
We needed a baby gift. One of my husband's high school students had a baby. We don't usually give baby gifts to his students, but for reasons I won't go into, we felt like she should for this one. The young mom loves to read, so we thought a reading themed gift would be perfect and practical.
I revamped my reading girl design to feature a boy instead...and since it's for a boy we opted for a circle instead of a heart. I've also been leaning toward freezer paper combined with t-shirt applique a lot lately since it makes it easier to use a busier knit...like these stripes...and still have the freezer paper design show up.
We tucked it in a little gift bag along with a few favorite board books and dropped it off and met the sweet new baby.
And then a couple days later, I read that one my favorite children's book bloggers (Check them out...you should totally follow their blog) had her own sweet baby boy. So I figured I'd make another one and post about it at the same time. That was two months ago, and it finally got finished up and dropped in the mail. I hear she likes blue.
And if you cut the freezer paper stencil out really carefully, you can use the reverse pieces

########
Rank: 2
Score: 33.222958
Retrieved Text: This time I’ve used an older set called Our Story.
I’ve wanted this stamp for a very long time because it’s super cute and I love all the different little elements in it to make an inside scene.
As well as the lamp and table I used in this card there is also a ceiling light, book shelf, vase of flowers, pile of books, cup, cat and boy.
And I love that it’s book themed because I like to give books or bookshop gift cards to my family for birthdays and Christmas.
I coloured the stamps with Copics but I also did a little bit of paper piecing again too.
I used the Vintage Girl – Tiny Prints Collection Pack by Photoplay again to help create a lounge room.
I just cut a strip of the green paper for “carpet” and after glueing it down I cut a thin strip from white card and attached it over the edge for the skirting board.
The lounge chair is also paper pieced.
After colouring the girl, I cut her out, close to the line and then stamped again onto the pink paper and also cut the chair out close to the line.
I then glued the girl onto the chair but attached the chair to the background piece with x-press it foam mounting squares to give it more dimension.
This set is a lot fun to play with and it has just so many possibilities!
It is absolutely PERFECT for all booklovers!

########
Rank: 3
Score: 33.219524
Retrieved Text: it was the way things were done.
wrote out of his novels.
from it does not make it possible.
it’s a white birch tree.
I’m going to borrow a shotgun and shoot him.
a fit with time in our time.
these trees are doing real good.
Did she drive him to silence?
Did he drive her to speech?
what do you call it, I’m asking?
what do you call it, I’m asking you?
lifetime of beads and skulls.
the broth your bones would make.
I feel winds, the pull of endless blue.
A sudden cackle unnerves me.
See those, my darling? They’re called books.
had some books when I was a little girl like you.
from the printer’s ink, perhaps from the paper itself.
people thought something good was gone.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 32.98601
Retrieved Text: The children made Cheerio octopuses which you can read how to make at Little Learner’s Lounge!
This class made these adorable toilet paper roll Octopuses which you can read how to make at Crafts N Things!
Unfortunately, what I can’t show you is some of the play the children enjoyed liked our Cheerios sensory tub! Perhaps they will still have it out tomorrow – I will try to go back into the classroom and take a peek.
Love this! Especially the cheerios!
I love the cheerios on the octopus! A great morning tea activity!
How fun to hear that – she definitely knows how to keep learning fun!
Love all these ideas! Can’t wait to do these during our ocean unit! We do our letter “O” during the Fall and make our own owl babies after reading that wonderful book!
We made some Owls and read that book too! I love it!
We just completed “O” week in class last week with our 4 year olds. We did a study of the ocean and the children were totally fascinated. We painted a large white piece of paper blue and let the children create their “ocean”. We left out a lot of books with pictures of the ocean. Then the children each told us a fact that they learned about the ocean which we wrote on a cut out fish and added to our ocean. It looks great hanging in the hall of our school!
I love the cheerio octopus, very cute.
When we make the toilet roll octopus, we use those little white reinforcements (the kind

########
Rank: 5
Score: 32.0383
Retrieved Text: Usually, I keep my vintage/ decorative books on my shelves and put the non-matching books aside. But, sometimes when I want to leave my everyday books out, I will transform them using paper book covers.
You probably made these when you were in school, back in the day. If so, you will know how quick and easy these are. And you didn’t even know you were into DIY in those days!
The possibilities are endless and it really only takes a few minutes to make a paper book cover. They look especially beautiful with a whole row of books.
Pinterest is loaded with great inspiration for paper book covers!
So, don’t let essential books derail you from achieving the specific look you are going for in your decorating. Just make them work by giving them a quick makeover!
I saved my packing paper from a recent order, but brown paper grocery bags work great, too.
These ones are currently 50%!!!
First, cut the paper to a size a few inches larger than the open book, if it isn’t already.
Then, fold the top and bottom edges up to be the same length as the book.
Next, fold the sides in to be the same width as the book and tuck the front and back covers into the paper cover.
Tape on top and bottom to hold the side flaps in place.
Lightly draw a line with the pencil and ruler on the spine of the book where you want the new title to be stamped.
Finally, stamp in the new title, using the alphabet rubber stamps and erase

########
Rank: 6
Score: 31.80161
Retrieved Text: Daddy is close to deploying or leaving on, what seems like, his thousandth TDY, and the kids are struggling. Our sweet little dandelions, our military kids, are so resilient and strong. But that doesn’t mean that they always understand or don’t struggle. I’ve asked fellow military mamas what their favorite military kid books were and they helped me compile this list!
Sarah from Servant Mama recommends this book! And I recommend it too! And it’s NOT just for Marine Families – they have ones for other services! We have the Air Force version and love it. In the Air Force version we count lots of fun things like Airplanes flying in formation, pilot’s hemlets, and ribbons!
This is the perfect gift to bring to a new mom and dad at the hospital or when you bring them a dinner!
Lizann from The Seasoned Spouse says that they love to read this book at bedtime during deployments. This book was actually written by former 2nd Lady Jilly Biden! Jill tells the story through the eyes of a little girl, what it’s like to have a parent serving overseas at war.
This is a sweet bedtime story for your military babies. Each night this deployed dad would play catch with the North Star!
Send Mommy or Daddy a Paper hug! We did this on my husband’s last deployment. We all sent him paper hugs in one of his care packages.
This one might be my favorite military books for kids. This one is very specific to the Air Force Pilot (or other fliers) life.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 31.67004
Retrieved Text: I like how you used the negative space from the punch.
Your little patriotic girl is adorable!!
What a super sweet card, I love the little girl and the stars with the patterned paper peeking out.
How adorable is this little patriotic girl?! So sweet!
Sweet card with some beautiful detail! Have a great day and thanks for supporting OWH!
Wow. Awesome job with piecing this gal together. She is adorable, and makes me want to buy a Cameo!
She looks so sweet! I like the polka dot stars.
very cute little girl and I like the frame of stars.
Cute, and I like the use of the negative!
Adorable! I love the cutout stars you’ve framed her in. Thanks for joining in the hop and supporting OWH!
This is so cute! Have not used my Cameo to make cards like this yet, see that changing very soon.
So cute and clever a design with this little girl.
I love how you cut out the stars on your card – looks really cute.
Like how the stars frame the oval!
You got your money’s worth with this card from the Silhouette. Precious! Love the smile on her face and the patriotic heart.
What a cute little patriotic girl in her star frame. Great job with the paper piecing!
Isn’t using the silhouette so much fun for making cards! I’m addicted to mine. You did a great job with it.
What a cute little patriotic girl! Love how those red dots peek through the stars.
So adorable. Don’t you just love the Silhouette?
This is so cute, I love that little girl and the bright colors!
An

########
Rank: 8
Score: 31.631392
Retrieved Text: One last note, I did the ground shadow on a different piece of paper and then added it in Photoshop after I’d scanned in my group. Most of my illustration is done on ‘hot press’ paper, which means that it has a smooth surface, which I prefer for inking the image. The shadow however was done on a piece of ‘cold-press’ paper which had a little bit more texture to it. I did this because cold-press paper seems to handle flat washes of solid color better.
This entry was posted in illustration and tagged books, boy, eli moody, girl, humans, illustration, pen and ink, pencils, watercolor. Bookmark the permalink.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 31.432741
Retrieved Text: Paper doll books. Brand new. He is the only boy in this house full of girls and dolls. Latest poker news, interviews with pros, discussions. American Girl Isabelle Doll american girl doll school papers coloring page. American udall scholarship essay Fashion World has the science research papers formats largest variety of 18 inch doll clothes, shoes and american girl doll school papers accessories at the lowest prices! american girl doll school papers animal figures. Pick a theme Middle School Classroom Makeover. By Our Generation. American girl doll books *See offer details. Previous Page 1 2 3 tetrahydrofolate pyrimidine synthesis inhibitor 20 Next Page. This craft Is so case status district court sangrur mms cute and inexpensive, but there are some pretty cheap ruby case statement array java lockers for a halloween story essays my. – 3 sheets of paper for a world map. Molly is the only American Girl example internship cover letters doll to have had her nicolas theodore saussure photosynthesis formula table and chair set replaced with a new design. Katie Dress Carpatina Dress. Dress Up Time.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 31.376638
Retrieved Text: To get us in the mood for the holidays, over the next couple weeks, our Project Nursery experts and contributors will be sharing favorite holiday gifts that either they received as a child or their children received. Join in on the conversation. What was your favorite gift?
Julie: As a little girl, my favorite Hanukkah gift was the newest “cut-out-and-dress-up” paper doll book that my parents would get for me every year (normally night five of Hanukkah). When I was eight years old, they found me adding glitter and paint to the dresses of one doll and trimming the hem on another, so they began to realize a creative profession was looming in my future.
This “Fancy Nancy” book reminds me of the books I loved as a little girl.
I love Rosie Flo’s Fashion Show, which allows you to color and stage your own paper fashion show.
Melissa and Doug take “dress-up” dolls to a new dimension with their magnetic wooden dress-up dolls.
Alessia: Of all my childhood Christmases, the ones I remember with great pleasure are those when I have received yet another figurine for my Smurfs collection. I was obsessed with the Smurfs, and I “had to have” the complete village! Since my parents wisely never gave it to me all at once, I always had room to wish for more. This kept me well engaged in writing strategic letters to Santa for several years. If your children have a passion for something, add a little piece each year, and they will remember it for a very long

########
Rank: 11
Score: 30.866766
Retrieved Text: You consult the Book Jar.
First of all, I am not taking credit for coming up with this idea. It is something that I saw on Facebook about a week ago and it’s been on my mind to do this… so I did. This is just my way to share the idea with my fellow bookworms.
I wish I knew who did come up with this idea so I could personally thank them. Not only is this a good idea to decide what book to read next, but it was a fun little project to do. Even though the steps are simple, I’m going to show the pictures to walk through what I did.
Obviously the first steps are to write down the titles of all your unread books, or even ones you want to read again soon, and cut them into small pieces of paper. Luckily I already had colored paper to use for this.
Then there’s the fun part of folding each piece. Yay.
For me it wasn’t too bad of a task since I don’t have nearly as many books as some book bloggers I follow. I mean, I wish I had that many books. I suppose I could gather a list of library books I want to read as well to add to the jar.
Then you get a jar that you want to fill. I was originally going to use a mason jar bank that I’m not using (since we have a ton), but it’s painted and I wanted to at least be able to see the

########
Rank: 12
Score: 30.86215
Retrieved Text: This piece of news has not escaped baby Barbie’s ears either. It is back to school time and she wants to surprise her friends and classmates with a new selfie card. Help baby Barbie prepare for a fabulous selfie card photo shoot session in her newly decorated Hello Kitty bedroom. The cute girl wants to show off her recently purchased dresses, tops and bottoms having as background the fresh pink princess room decor. Dress up Barbie in pretty chic outfits which she can wear at school or after school. Rummage in her trendy wardrobe and match her fashionable clothes with the right shoes, socks, bags, sunglasses or hair pins, camera or iPhone gadget and hairstyle. Before dressing up the baby girl, she must take care of her dental hygiene. A sparkly white smile is worth a thousand words, so make sure she brushes her teeth well. How about a bit of make up, girls? Cleanse her face with a facial scrub and give her a natural day make up using lip gloss, blush and eye shadow. Don’t forget to clean up the room and find some hidden items either! The little girl just finished packing her school bag and there are paper sheets, juice cans, books, notebooks, pencils and toys scattered all over. Throw the garbage away, place the toys in the toy box and organize the school supplies. Have a sensational time playing our newest baby Barbie game!

########
Rank: 13
Score: 30.848568
Retrieved Text: Posted: August 14, 2016 | Author: Zócalo Poets | Filed under: English, IMAGES | Comments Off on Habari Africa Festival in Toronto!
Posted: August 6, 2016 | Author: Zócalo Poets | Filed under: English, IMAGES | Comments Off on Palaver International Literary Festival in Wasaga Beach, Ontario!
AfroFest 2016 à Toronto –– Tu t’es joint à nous? Parce que nous nous sommes bien amusés! Tout s’est déroulé au samedi et dimanche, le 9 et 10 de juillet – toute la journée au Parc Woodbine. La musique a inclus les voix et les groupes de Nati Haile, Toto Guillaume, Moto Tia, BKO Quintet, Lynda Thalie et Emmanuel Jal: les beaux sons africains de l’Éthiopie, du Cameroun, du Congo, de Mali, de l’Algérie et de Soudan – entre autres pays.
À propos…Que tu ne manques pas aussi le festival Habari Africa à Harbourfront, Toronto – au bord du Lac Ontario le 12,13,14 d’août!
“Aunt Dinah, the Colored Cook, comes to join the Paper Doll Family”_McCall’s Magazine, April 1911_Aunt Dinah is presented in a realistic, straightforward manner, as all the dolls in this McCall’s series were.
In the early twentieth century, paper dolls were a popular plaything for children. Cheap and easy to make, these cut-out paper figures could be dressed with paper clothes attached by tabs. The figures were often of idealistic characters: beautiful children, perfect families, fashionable ladies representing the power élite of the day. Boxed sets and books could be readily bought in stores, but many were available in magazines and newspaper comic strips as a special treat for the kids.
From

########
Rank: 14
Score: 30.82219
Retrieved Text: anything so buying all my books is out of the question and my whole family is a library family so it works great. I usually go by what is popular (I know that sounds bad but if its popular, yah bet its got to be worth a lil of my time). Then in middle school Id read American Girl books or my dad would read to my siblings and I and we always enjoyed The Magic Treehouse books as well as those Narnia books. This year I re-read A LOT of books. Kenzie: I love paper shredding november 2018 new york city reading outside. It is not an option anymore. We are not on the best of terms. Scissors, glue gun or glue, craft knife, how-To. I had a lot of kids over the other day and they decided they wanted to play pretend pizzeria. I dont know why, its just really hard for me to start a book over finishing one? Ive learned from experience that simple ideas from your kids are always the best ones. Ive found that it helps me be more productive and excited about my day. My mother tried to encourage me to read (especially those recommended classics) and it was always really hard for me to get into them. We wrapped our slices, and then each child was responsible for one topping. . I was never encouraged to go to the library (because, to be honest, it was gross there) so I usually bought them or they were given as

########
Rank: 15
Score: 30.707146
Retrieved Text: It’s that time of year when the children go back to school after the summer holidays and start a new school year. It’s therefore also that time of year when lots of back to school photos are taken, many by the front door and I as a mum have a new set of those photos to document!
This month, as you can guess I went with a school theme for my Creative Team projects. I used products from the Bella Boulevard collection Star Student; Art Journal paper, Brainiac paper (B-side) and Chemistry paper (both sides).
Me & My Big Ideas; Stickers Book – Chalk School Today, Pocket Pages Clear Stickers – School Sayings and Pocket Pages Cards – School.
Freckled Fawn’s Glitter Chipboard Stickers – Stars and Washi Tape – Notebook Paper.
So what do you do with those new back to school photos?
Well, for me they’ll definitely end up on an insert in my Project Life album, but I’m a couple of weeks behind on that at the moment. Instead I jumped right in and made a layout with photos of both my boys on their first day back to school.
On this layout I used the B-sides of the both the Brainiac and Chemistry papers, distressing the edge of the grid paper with a dark grey ink pad and layering three cards from the MAMBI pocket pages – school pack. I used the large card as my title too – yay! In addition to the products listed above I added some black numbered washi tape to the layout from

########
Rank: 16
Score: 30.615747
Retrieved Text: This week over at Jingle Belles, the challenge was to make a vintage card. I love vintage. I love shabby chic. I love busy cards. Sadly, I don’t really know how to make them. I feel perfectly at home with any kind of CAS challenge, but my other loves, I can’t quite do them justice.
Here is my attempt at a vintage card.
Click it for a bigger, clearer version.
I think you did vintage beautifully … the lace has such wonderful texture and your paper pieced little girl is adorable … thanks for joining us at jingle belles this week.
You did a fantastic job! I’m right there with you on these type of cards…love them but cant seem to figure out how to get the great looks everyone else does. I’m still trying to figure out what to do for the JB challenge! You provided some great inspiration with your card!
Well I think you can do vintage!! I really like this image, such a sweet little girl and I like the distressed edges! Great backing paper and I love the touch of lace!
Ah yes – very vintage indeed. Sweet image and great card for the challenge.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 30.591911
Retrieved Text: Having been in the grips of a big snowstorm here in Jersey – the biggest storm in 30 years! We have are going into our third day of closed schools and I am feeling rather frazzled having had two girls pretty much housebound for the whole time!
Don’t get me wrong, we love to play in the snow, but having spent about 20 minutes getting into all the layers of clothes, it is so very windy and cold that the girls only really last for half an hour so there are plenty of other hours left in the day for them to be looking for something to do!
They are really good at playing together but there is something about having to play inside that makes it all seem a little less enjoyable so I have been busy trying to come up with some fast play fun to keep them busy and happy and to stop my house looking like it has been burgled! Here is what we have been up to so far….
With Spring supposedly coming soon (it was 19C three days ago and now we are knee deep in drifting snow!) I thought we could at least make inside look like Spring had Sprung! Freya absolutely loves doing craft and Bea who is in her first year at school obviously gets quite a lot of crafting time and wasn’t interested in joining us for this one but I think bigger kids could really go to town making more elaborate flowers and doing most if not all

########
Rank: 18
Score: 30.498837
Retrieved Text: Okay, so they're really, really cute! Bill told Emily about the grape bunch idea and she loved it. She was the belle of the ball trick-or-treating Friday night! Even the teenagers we saw while we were out came up to her and told her what a great costume it was, and could they take a bite! We used purple craft foam to make a sandwich board with pipe cleaner shoulder straps. Emily's school version was purple construction paper circles glued to the foam instead of balloons, and it still looked great. Bill blew up almost all of the balloons, and had me stick the biggest ones on top and the smallest ones on the bottom!
Sarah thought briefly of being a ghost, but soon came firmly and unswervingly to the idea of being a train. I asked her what a train had, so I would know what she wanted to be included in her costume. She said, "Chooo! Choooo!" So I told her she would be in charge of the sounds, and I would be in charge of what it looked like! We used stiff craft felt for the sides, held together with an idea I stole from Em--she had made these books made out of paper with pipe cleaners threaded through holes for the binding, and that's how I attached the sides to each other. The added bonus of this method was the train folded flat! The had is on loan from Susan Duff, who wore it when she was a little girl!
We went to choose

########
Rank: 19
Score: 30.206076
Retrieved Text: Use books as learning tools. Non-fiction books can provide a wealth of facts and information, but there is something about fictional storybooks that lure children into a world of fantasy and cute characters.
There are two new books about penguins that are sure to enlighten young children. Try reading these at your next story time session.
Blue Penguin by Petr Horacek (Candlewick Press, 2015) is about a little penguin that was born blue in color and the other penguins knew he wasn’t like the rest of them. They abandoned him and this little blue penguin felt lost and alone. He began to sing to pass his time and alas, the other penguins wanted to learn his song – they all became friends.
Peg + Cat: The Penguin Problem by Jennifer Oxley and Billy Aronson (Candlewick Press, 2016) is part of the PBS Kids animated TV series. In each episode, Peg and her cat use math skills to solve problems. This book takes Peg and Cat to the South Pole to watch the Animal Winter Games and realize that the ski-racing Penguins are having a problem crashing into things. Teaching them counting skills and spatial directions using “over, under, and in-between” seems to solve the obstacles.
Penguins are intriguing creatures with fascinating human-like qualities. Here are a few quick facts to teach your students.
Penguins do not live at the North Pole; you can find them at the South Pole (Antarctica) and coastal regions of South America, South Africa, New Zealand and southern Australia.
Penguins are flightless birds. They use their wings like

########
Rank: 20
Score: 30.195686
Retrieved Text: A recent preschool theme was the solar system. What better way to learn about the planets than by making our own solar system out of paper mache?
First, we discussed the solar system using books and posters.
Then, the kids made models of the four big, gas planets (Jupiter, Saturn, Uranus, and Neptune) out of paper mache.
Finally, each child held a planet--paper mache for the big ones, little balls for the little ones--and orbited the sun (a giant pink ball in the middle of the room). Fortunately, the real planet stay in their orbits better than our models did! Unfortunately, we didn't get any photos of our living solar system.
New Hope International School in Tokyo, Japan is two schools in one, an international preschool and an English school. We serve children from one to twelve years of age, from beginners to native speakers. Students from all backgrounds are welcome. Enjoy this blog and check out our main web site (in English and Japanese).

########
Rank: 21
Score: 30.151266
Retrieved Text: Not Your Manic Pixie Dream Girl follows Bea’s attempts to translate her status in high school into a scholarship winning mathematical formula. Simple right? Beatrice, Spencer, and Gabe are not the most popular kids at school – to be honest they’re practically invisible. Most people call Bea “Math Girl” and she wants that to change. She convinces her friends to embrace and exploit a personality trait that fills a void in their school so that they can become popular.
Gabe agrees because he is a writer for the school paper and hopes to be chosen for an internship as a result. He becomes the school’s flamboyant, gay best friend and almost immediately is absorbed into the popular inner-circle. Through his acceptance, Spencer and Bea, now known as Trixie, become known around the school. She must embrace her new personality but doesn’t always make the right decisions.
I personally did not relate to her, despite her love of math and didn’t create a connection. I completely agreed with the opinions of her friends about her behavior. I didn’t find myself being sympathetic to her plight and was frustrated more than anything by her repeated mistakes. She meddles in other people’s business, doesn’t take the high road and even though she accepts her mistakes at the end – it doesn’t feel, to me at least, that she has grown over the course of the novel.
Despite the book being formulaic, it was an enjoyable read – I just wish it wasn’t so predictable. It doesn’t take long to figure out who

########
Rank: 22
Score: 30.079256
Retrieved Text: Earth Day is one of my favorite topics to teach because you can incorporate science into math and language arts! I want to share with you some of the things that I have done in my Kindergarten classroom to get the students excited about taking care of the Earth!
You know that yummy treat using pudding, crushed Oreos, and gummy worms? Well, I found a book that would be ADORABLE with the treat and wanted to add a little tree into our cup of dirt. Here are all of my supplies.
I came across this book, We Planted a Tree, and thought it would be perfect for Earth Day because it talks about all of the wonderful things trees give us. I addition to this adorable book I FOUND CLIP ART THAT MATCHES THE TREE!!!! They are made by Krista Wallden, you can find them in her Easter Buddies clip art pack. I decided to hunt for brown spoons to match the trunk and found them at Party City. To be honest, I haven't given my class a sugary treat like this in a long time. My school doesn't do birthday treats, so this was so exciting for them.
After reading several Earth Day books, we made this Earth Day flip craft to share one way we can help the earth. I have it as a FREEBIE for you HERE! I also included lined paper that doesn't have the sentence stem.
Our next task was to plant sunflower seeds. I soaked the seeds in water over night to speed up

########
Rank: 23
Score: 30.015303
Retrieved Text: Welcome to our challenge for this week at Stamp Ink Paper which is a product based Ribbon challenge.
I needed a couple of quite masculine cards so I've pulled out my Soft Sayings Card kit to see what I could find and created these cards, stepped up a little from the basis of what is provided in the kit. I added some Tranquil Tide cardstock for the base and added my own twist - Lemon Lime Twist ribbon, lol.
Everything else including the embellishments and washi tape is actually provided in the kit. Even some envelopes for the cards, so these were super quick to make. Here's a closer look at the one of the cards.
I love how the finish card turned out and I feel like Tranquil Tide makes a great masculine colour. I've used that ink for the Greeting as well.
Thanks very much for joining us this week at Stamp Ink Paper and don't forget, just by playing along you could be our next guest designer. We look forward to seeing your creations.
Welcome to this week's challenge at Stamp Ink Paper. I'm so happy that this week is our Cardmaker's Choice challenge so that I can share with you the Birthday card I made for my daughter who turned 17 on Sunday.
She is a makeup loving girl with an addiction for Eyeshadow Palettes so that was my inspiration for creating her birthday card this year.
Here it is, and she loved it. So did her sister who I showed a preview to and she said it was

########
Rank: 24
Score: 29.923325
Retrieved Text: Other than a handful of photos, I don't think my mother has a single thing from her childhood. For Christmas this year, I am gathering a bunch of things past for a unique gift.
I also bought some vintage catalogues on Ebay; one for the year my mother was born, one for early adolescence, and one from her years as a parent. I think it's a hoot to browse through these and see how styles and prices have changed over time.
I wonder if she ever had these toys?
Did she dress this way?
And finally, I collected some of her favorite books from childhood in old editions at local booksellers. She always tells stories of playing for hours with paper dolls as a little girl. I made some gift bags for the books out of this quaint fabric.
What a fun and thoughtful gift! I love that family tree, I bet your Mom will love it.
What a spectacular present for your mother. Instead of being just a *thing*, I'm sure it will make her heart get all warm and fuzzy looking through those old catalogs.
I'll have to keep this in mind for Christmases future.
Now THAT is a gift that anyone would love!

########
Rank: 25
Score: 29.79927
Retrieved Text: I needed chapstick. That’s why I stopped at Meijer (our local supermarket) first thing in the morning. I pulled into a space relatively close to the door so I could get in and out and go about my day.
There was a cart in the space next to mine.
I noticed a brown paper bag on the bottom. The way down bottom. Where you’d put your mega-sized package of toilet paper or mac and cheese.
Inside the bag were about a dozen paperback books.
Interesting, I thought. Who would do that?
So, I hopped out of my van and snapped a few pictures. A woman in an SUV looked up from her texting and looked at me like I was a crazy woman.
I thought about telling her that I’m a writer and that makes my crazy lady badge justifiable. But she had gone back to her texting.
The closer I got to the books, the more my curiosity flared.
What was the story of these books? Where did they come from? Why did someone just dump them?
Then I got a little melancholy about them. No. I know. Books are paper and glue and don’t have what kids these days call the “feels” (that’s whippersnapper talk for “emotions”). But I became sad because I see the culture of paper books declining in exchange for ebooks.
Now, I don’t think ebooks are bad. Not at all. They have people reading. They’re compact. They’re accessible. And they aren’t for me.
I’ve tried. I’ve got a Nook. I have the Kindle app on my laptop and phone and iPod

########
Rank: 26
Score: 29.786469
Retrieved Text: Hi everyone! School is right around the corner, so I thought I'd make a cute back to school gift set.
Just a little something to brighten a child's first day of school or maybe some treats for the teacher.
I used Lori's A2 Tab Card and decorated it with the books from the Back to School Icons set. For the September, which is one of Lori's files too from the September Art set in the Silhouette Online Store, I did a print n cut. I used a couple of digital elements from Echo Park's School Days Mini Theme collection.
The cute bag comes as a set of two that fits on a 12 x 12 piece of paper. You can fill it with some treats or smaller school supplies like paper clips, some post-it notes, etc. I also used some files from the Back to School Icons and September Art sets.
I also used some Orange Truffle Trendy Twine and a Epiphany bubble cap.
Thanks for stopping by, you can visit my blog at http://www.brigitsscraps.com.
These are adorable Brigit, would kid wouldn't love these as a back to school treat or any teacher for that much!! Hugs!

########
Rank: 27
Score: 29.700344
Retrieved Text: There’s a new meme in town. STEM Friday focuses on books that promote Science, Technology, Engineering, and Math. The round-up this week is hosted at Capstone Connect.
Over the year I’ll be sharing the preschool program I created for the library and that I’m presenting once a month. The concept behind the program is to introduce science topics by combining fiction and nonfiction, songs and mini-experiments, action rhymes and hands-on times. The target age for the program is three to six years old, so the information and experiments are basic, and intended to encourage a questioning, observational approach to scientific topics.
Until they cover all the ground.
Put the same number of ice cubes in two bowls. Stir some salt in one. Wait 15 minutes, stirring often. Which melted more? Why?
Fill a metal can – like a soup can – 2/3 full of crushed ice. Place on paper towel. Pour 1 tablespoon of water on paper towel around can. Fill rest of can with salt and stir. Watch frost form on the outside of the metal can.
Make six sided snowflakes by cutting folded paper. Fold paper in half, then in thirds, cutting off the “extra.” Cut out shapes and show-off snowflakes.
What great suggestions. STEM for preschool - love it.
What a great way for children to possibly love Science, technology, engineering and math, by making it FUN! I wish you success with your once a month presentations. I'm curious...is this just for one library or is it a traveling presentation?
Thanks for posting some storytime suggestions -- just the thing when

########
Rank: 28
Score: 29.68936
Retrieved Text: A booklet showing things children can do every day to please Jesus.
"And Jesus grew ... in favour with God" (Luke 2:52).
Coloured card or cardboard for covers.
Thick yarn or 6mm ribbon.
Print out the booklet covers on coloured card or cardboard to approximately 10cm by 12cm and make copies for each child.
Print out the booklet pages on paper to approximately 10cm by 12cm size and make copies for each child.
Cut out the cover and pages and assemble the pages inside the covers and punch two holes at the end.
The order of the pages is "Love Jesus", "Pray Every Day", "Read My Bible, "Be Kind", Be Thankful", and "Please Jesus".
Use yarn or thin ribbon to loosely bind the booklet together.
The children can then colour in and decorate their booklets as they desire.
Jesus was grew up in a town called Nazareth in the country of Israel. He went to their church which was called a "Synagogue" every Saturday to worship God with His parents Mary and Joseph. They would sing and listen to the Priest who would also read parts of God's Word, the Old Testament Bible.
Jesus also went to school where He learnt to read and write, and learnt all about God. Jesus was a very good boy and obeyed His parents in all things. The Bible tells us that Jesus grew up pleasing God in all He did.
Every boy and girl needs to grow up like Jesus did, and seek to please God in all they do and say. Today we are going to make "Pleasing Jesus" little

########
Rank: 29
Score: 29.660097
Retrieved Text: Do you want to make your own Christmas tree? How about your own snowflakes? Each snowflake is different! Now you can create your own. Follow storyteller Randel McGee as he explores Christmas in PAPER CRAFTS FOR CHRISTMAS. Learn to make a wreath, pop-up card, paper plate angel, and more!
"The combination of classroom-friendly projects with solid cultural lore makes this series a first stop for teachers seeking holiday-themed craft ideas."
"The author provides readers with pertinent facts in an easy-to-read fashion . . . Highly recommended for elementary school library collections. Teachers and students will love this title and the projects to create."
"This useful book is a valuable addition to any collection."
A series of unique paper cutting craft books, each highlighting a holiday. The books have eight crafts related to the holiday. Students learn about the holidays and different cultures while creating paper crafts. Randel McGee, known nationally and internationally for his paper-cutting creations, creates each craft.

================



======= Instance Index 2463 =========
Input Text: Read the following conversation and answer the question.

Daughter: Dad, Dad. What's for breakfast?

Dad: [Dad mumbles something] Daughter: Dad? [What?]

Daughter: What's for breakfast?

Dad: Uh, there's a banana on the kitchen counter. Enjoy.

Daughter: Dad, that banana's all bruised, and it looks like the cat took a bite out of it last night ... Dad. Wake up.

Dad: Okay. Uh, there's some cereal in the cupboard. Help yourself.

Daughter: But there's no milk.

Dad: Well, just mix up some powered milk.

Daughter: Ah, no way. That stuff is nasty and warm. Come on, Dad.

Dad: Uh, okay. I guess I could make some pancakes.

Daughter: Uh, no. The last time you made pancakes, they were as hard as a rock. Even the dog wouldn't touch them.

Dad: That bad? [Yeah.] Alrigh. Wait! Why in the world are we having this conversation anyway? You're 19 years old. Make your own breakfast. I'm going back to bed.

Daughter: Because you love me ... plus you said that you'd make something for me if I cleaned the dishes last night.

Dad: Okay. How about some eggs and bacon? I can't go wrong there.

Daughter: Okay, but don't put any of that funny stuff in it ... you know, those weird mushrooms like you did last time.

Dad: Okay, okay. So, you want me to keep things simple, right?

Daughter: Exactly. But, please hurry. My friend is picking me up in a few minutes.

Dad: On a Saturday morning?

Daughter: Yeah. He's taking me fishing.

Dad: Fishing? Since when did you start liking fishing?

Daughter: Since Dirk gave me this ring! What do you think?

Dad: What? Wait. I'm not going to ask. Let me get breakfast on the table ... Then, we'll have a long chat.

Dad: Oh, he's here. I'll just take the $20 bill out of your wallet. I can buy breakfast on the way. Bye.

Dad: Oh, no!

Question: What other food did the father try to prepare for his family before, but it didn't turn out well? 

- rice and eggs

- steak and bacon

- pancakes

Target Text: pancakes

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 36.76434
Retrieved Text: "Come on. Mom, it was only a meal at McDonald's."
Edward's mother gritted her teeth as she polished the stainless steel kitchen appliances. "I can't believe you would put that garbage into your body."
"But Mom, the other kids were eating them, so I wanted to try--"
"The other kids? The other kids?" She threw her microfiber towel onto the granite countertop. "Who cares what other kids do? We are different, we are superior. A Happy Meal, how could you? You know our dietary restrictions."
Edward's father came into the kitchen."Son, think of the environmental impact of fast food, the trash, the petrochemicals burned in the shipping." He shook his head in a gesture of benevolent disapproval.
"Dad, it's just... I feel so different from everyone else." Edward drew his finger across the countertop. "Couldn't we maybe be vegetarians? We live on a farm."
"Edward, you know very well why live in rural isolation," his mother snapped.
"But what you might not realize, son," his father added, "is that farming equipment kills countless animals every year. Between the pesticides and mechanical harvesters--not to mention the displacement of animals who could be living free on what is now farmland--why I wouldn't be surprised if vegetarians killed more animals than carnivores."
"Every time your friends eat a meal, they are destroying the earth and killing innocent beings," Edward's mother said.
"They are the problem." Edward's father nodded sadly. Then he brightened and clapped his son on the shoulder. "But every time we eat, why we're part of the solution."
"I never thought about it like that."
Edward's father exchanged

########
Rank: 1
Score: 33.79177
Retrieved Text: Once when I was a teenager, my father and I were standing in line to buy tickets for the circus.
Finally, there was only one other family between us and the ticket counter. This family made a big impression on me.
There were eight children, all probably under the age of 12. The way they were dressed, you could tell they didn't have a lot of money, but their clothes were neat and clean.
The children were well-behaved, all of them standing in line, two-by-two behind their parents, holding hands. They were excitedly jabbering about the clowns, animals, and all the acts they would be seeing that night. By their excitement you could sense they had never been to the circus before. It would be a highlight of their lives.
The father and mother were at the head of the pack standing proud as could be. The mother was holding her husband's hand, looking up at him as if to say, "You're my knight in shining armor." He was smiling and enjoying seeing his family happy.
The ticket lady asked the man how many tickets he wanted? He proudly responded, "I'd like to buy eight children's tickets and two adult tickets, so I can take my family to the circus." The ticket lady stated the price.
The man's wife let go of his hand, her head dropped, the man's lip began to quiver. Then he leaned a little closer and asked, "How much did you say?" The ticket lady again stated the price.
The man didn't have enough money. How was he supposed

########
Rank: 2
Score: 33.682896
Retrieved Text: Easter was a success! I made 2 Pinterest inspired recipes and there was tons of food.
This pie is fantastic! I used this recipe and it didn't disappoint. Because I am the laziest food preparer ever, instead of freezing the pie with half the whipped topping and adding the other half on top, I just dumped all of the whipped topping in the mix. I did have some leftover mixture, but it's fantastic without the crust too. I guess this isn't an authentic Millionaire Pie, but it was fantastic.
Because we are the most impatient family in existence, my dad actually made the punch. Since I was making the Millionaire Pie at the time, I didn't have time to look at the recipe and left him in charge of the punch. Now, my dad is the father of trashing up recipes. When left to his own devices, he trashes up every single recipe he can get his hands on! At my cousin's graduation party a few years ago, he was left in charge of the grill for several minutes and every spice that was hanging out beside the grill made its way onto the hamburgers! His recipes surprisingly always turn out awesome, if flavor is your jam. Anyway, my dad trashed up this punch to the point where I was freaking out, but it still ended up tasting awesome. I'll share the recipe soon.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 33.46342
Retrieved Text: What : Stand around & tell and stories of what did happen ,what could happen and inevitably what will happen !
Where : Here at my joint , if no other suitable cave can be found !
When : The 3rd of October appears to be the first tentative date.
Sounds good Ross, but i wont be able to make it as i'll be off to Bathurst that weekend. The 17th would be good if not i'll see you next time i drop by. Nathan.
Just trying to put a Queensland meeting together before the Victorian meeting so Lynchy's got something to jabber about when gets there.
Just a reminder guys. BBQ at Ross's shop for all the Qld guys. Feedback required for the Melbourne meeting as I'll be going down.
Can you please reply if you are likely to attend?
I should be there Paul. There's something on at Lakeside that weekend but I'm sure I can do both. Thanks to Ross for being the new Don Noble ! Want to pick your brain about Bonneville start line and shutdown area procedures too, I was watching the video "Hoof Hearted" posted of his clever sidecar at Bonneville. The bikes were leaving every 2 minutes 30 seconds. That's 24 runs an hour.
David Leikvold wrote: Thanks to Ross for being the new Don Noble !
Take a bit to full those boots Dave ! Wish you were here Don.
10 O'clock or there abouts .
LOCATION : 44 E MILSOM ST COORPAROO .
.The street is cut in half by the train lines , The workshop is in

########
Rank: 4
Score: 33.227806
Retrieved Text: Kevin Hood, 43, was killed July 28, 2017 outside a car wash in Gary, Ind.
LONDON (WLS) -- A 43-year-old Gary, Ind., businessman was fatally shot Friday night during an armed robbery outside a car wash in Gary.
His family and friends remembered the father of five children as someone who wanted to be a positive force in the city. On Saturday, they tied balloons to a street sign near the car wash at 15th Avenue and Massachusetts Street where Hood was shot at about 5:40 p.m.
Earlier this month, Hood had opened his third car wash in Gary with a big celebration for the community with food and entertainment.
Family members said they could always count on Hood to be there for them.
"There was no holidays, or birthdays, or anything that he didn't call us or come by or take us out to dinner," said cousin Tina Franks.
When he was not with family, they say his focus was on the community.
Just a few hours before Hood was gunned down, he was plotting his next move.
"He and I spent about three hours together sitting in the barbershop with each other talking about other things we wanted to do to help the community. I thank God for his life, his love and his legacy that will forever will be in the community," said friend Bishop Norman Hairston.
"This young man was trying to be productive in the community, helping children, helping people. We can't lose people like this," Hairston added.
"I would like to say to those persons who did it, 'Would you

########
Rank: 5
Score: 33.222397
Retrieved Text: Jaima is using Smore newsletters to spread the word online.
The Boy in The Striped Pajamas is about a boy named Bruno who has to move from Berlin, Germany to Out-With because of his dad's new job. Bruno hated living at Out-With, he wished he could be back at his old house. He wasn't supposed to go on adventures because his dad didn't want him finding things out. Along the way he met a boy named Schmuel, they became best friends. Even though Schmuel was on the other side of the fence, Bruno always asked him questions on why he was on the other side of the fence. Then one day Shmuel's father went missing, so Bruno went to of find him. What happened to Bruno? Will his family ever regret moving from Berlin? What happened to Schmuel's dad?
I know the theme is people should be more accepting of people's beliefs and differences. In the book Bruno didn't know that Schmuel was in a concentration camp because of his beliefs. But, Bruno and Schmuel became best friends, so Bruno accepted Schmuel's beliefs and differences. Also in the book Bruno was accepting of the prisoners who worked in the house, because they were nice and caring. Bruno was always accepting all the people on the other side of the fence, but his father was not. His father didn't like the beliefs the people had.
Aushwitz opened in 1940. It's located in Southern Poland. It is the largest death camp. Before it was a death camp it was a detention

########
Rank: 6
Score: 32.798847
Retrieved Text: My grandfather was a sergeant in the Red Army, fought in WW2, defended my native city of Kharkov, also Moscow and a number of other cities, then advanced towards Berlin, which was taken. Fought for 4 years, came back without a scratch. My father was in the army 74-76, remained a private because he was an artist he didn't do much soldiering really.
My grandfather was in the merchant marines. He wanted to go into the Army, but his trigger finger was gone due to a woodshop accident.
I'm told my dad's uncle was in Vietnam.
I'm also told my grandmother's uncle was in WWI and died from some chemical or biological agents. And that my grandfather's uncle was a tanker in WWI also.
My grandfather was a Major in the Swedish Air Force.
My dad did military service but never did do carear in it. But some lovley stories none the less. They got the grade of beeing some of the best cheffs in the Swedish military, cooking great food on poor ingridients. He still love to cook food and hes still as awsome!
I am not sure man. We didn't have any info on him at all until 1996. He was with the Royal Rifles of Canada, so he would have served wherever they were operating. But thanks for the Kind Comment.
do you know the unit # that he served with? I might be able to find out through my "connections"
Mine was USAF SMSgt at 4315th CCTS and 90th SMW for Titan, Minuteman and Peacekeeper ICBM missile crew trainers.
My dad

########
Rank: 7
Score: 32.76688
Retrieved Text: To the man who influenced me more than any other, besides the Savior!
My father is a humble man, who came from humble beginnings. He was born seventh of eleven children (eight of which survived), son of Joseph and Francis Mallek, Polish/American dairy farmers in central Wisconsin. Life wasn't easy, scratching out a living, working hard, but enjoying the fruits of labor, to the fullest. My father purchased the farm from my grandfather in the late fifties and that was the culture we were raised in. I'm the eldest of seven children and I've never regretted a single moment of the rich heritage I was raised in.
My father is a man who didn't expect anything less of others than he did from himself. He set high standards for himself and did his best to always live by them. To him, the word compromise didn't exist in his vocabulary. It was an amazing opportunity growing up and working next to a man of such strong convictions. That's one of the blessings of growing up on a farm. Each family member lives, works and spends every waking moment together, because the success of a family farm hinges upon the contributions of each individual. Working long hours together makes it easy to impart your work ethic to your children.
You always knew where he stood, because he didn't try to pander after the favor of others. You either liked him for who he was or not. It didn't seem to matter to him. He is far from perfect and he'd be

########
Rank: 8
Score: 32.70466
Retrieved Text: "Look at you! You're as filthy as a pig in a pen!"
Britte is a Nord child living in Rorikstead with her father Lemkil and her twin sister Sissel. The family is rather dysfunctional, and a frustrated Lemkil makes no attempt to hide his disdain for his children, claiming that they are useless farmers, as well as blaming them for his late wife's untimely death during labor. Britte, in turn, takes out her hatred on the meek and unfortunate Sissel.
Britte wakes up every morning at 6am and leaves the house. She then proceeds to spend twelve solid hours chasing and harassing Sissel, until 6pm, when she returns home and stays there for the rest of the evening, going to sleep at 12am before beginning her routine again the next day.
She wears a set of child's clothes with shoes. She carries the house key and a selection of food and toys.
Britte: "You're going to get it, Sissel!"
Sissel: "Why? What did I do?"
Britte: "I told you to weed the garden by sunset, and you didn't do it. Now you're in big trouble!"
Sissel: "Papa told you to do that, not me! Now leave me alone!"
Britte: "Look at you! You're as filthy as a pig in a pen!"
Sissel: "I am not! You're lying!"
Britte: "You smell like a pig's pen, too. What a stink! Have you been rolling in the dirt all day?"
Sissel: "You're a liar! I won't listen to you. Leave me alone!"
This page was last modified on 27 December 2017, at 06:19.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 32.685413
Retrieved Text: This story takes place in Nova Scotia, Canada.
One day a girl named Amy and the rest of her family were moving to a new house that the other owners were selling for a very cheap price. Amy, of course, didn't want to move but her parents wanted a bigger house. After the moving truck was loaded and their family was in the car they left. In about 5 hours they got there.
It was very late, so they all went to sleep after they got their sleeping bags out. At about 12:00 pm that night Amy woke up to the sound of scrams. "It's coming from the hallway" Amy whispered to herself. As she was walking to the hallway she heard another scream full of pain and agony. She took a step back.
Then started walking to the hallway again. By the time she got there the screams stopped and all that was left was a puddle of blood. The next night it happened again, but still all that remained was a puddle of blood. This happened several times again. Night after night, every time at the same time as before. After this happened for the 19th time, the parents thought that they would look into it. The went to the police and asked if anything had occurred there before they moved in. The police said that their was a family that lived there and that the father and son did not get along. So one night the father killed his son, slowly and painfully. The way he

########
Rank: 10
Score: 32.44061
Retrieved Text: Once upon a time, there was a man named Pirisan Sriskantharasa, he was a man that don't know how to cook, but he still manage to live his life because there's someone who can cook for him and all the shops around him that actually sell him cooked food. Also because of how convinience the word Pirisan Sriskantharasa live in, he never knew how bad it is to not know how to cook. He has maintain a lifestyle of not bothering to cook until he gets into his university life where he got taunted by y^2's adopted sister, Ragi everyday. In the end, Pirisan Stiskantharasa promised he would learn how to cook during the summer break, of which he immediately change it to the next summer of the time he made that promise...will our Pirisan Sriskantharasa manage to keep his promise? Or will he get sidetracked by some other stuffs? Or will our Pirisan Sriskantharasa lost himself by Ragi's taunting before he even learns how to cook? Stay tuned for the next episode of Pirisan Sriskantharasa's Cooking Saga!
Welcome back to Piri's Cooking Saga Part 2!
Pirisan Sriskantharasa who finally decided to cook, so he told his mom that he will pack his lunch tomorrow but doesn't know how to cook decided to start with by making chicken sandwiches, but he who doesn't know how to prepare chicken for the sandwich have trouble making the chicken sandwiches as well while thinking of the solution, Pirisan Sriskantharasa went to sleep.
The next day, Pirisan Sriskantharasa's mom saw Pirisan Sriskantharasa overslept

########
Rank: 11
Score: 32.428394
Retrieved Text: I should start dinner. Archie put his wallet in his pocket. She couldn't afford it. I don't want him to find me. He believes himself to be infallible. All at once the lights went out. It almost sounds like you miss Jos. Let's try to get along. Sleep's the best thing for Sigurd. You have it in the bag.
I think he's looking at you. You should've stayed with Michel. I'll give you all the money you need. I want you to stop following me. What's going to happen tonight? The demonstrators marched in order. Mr Johnson is a rich man. I didn't have to do that. The purchase brought his bill to 100 dollars. The only thing she cares about is herself.
I wonder whether he'll make it here on time tomorrow. Want to bet a can of juice on it? There are no secrets except the secrets that keep themselves. Did you really like it? He left the window as it was, open. Heather rarely leaves the house on Monday. Do they have their suitcase? Please answer me when I speak to you. I wish Brendan would come home. You're the strong one. This elderly person said something.
Rees has a loose tongue. Even if you are busy, you should keep your promise. The end was only hours away. I didn't say anything to her. Are you from Kashgar as well? I phoned. She seems to be happy. He knew Uyghur before he came to Kashgar. I want to bring up my son as my father did

########
Rank: 12
Score: 32.33612
Retrieved Text: During the autumn of 2007 I was residing in Montana, this is where I met Linda. She explained that she moved away from her husband because his depression had pushed her and pushed her and put her in danger. I know it was naive of me, but for some reason I didn't understand what depression really meant until I heard this woman talking about her husband. She said being in a family with someone who suffers with depression was like a show dog. Her theory was how show dogs are well trained at not showing any weakness. While most people treat there dogs beatifully, my friend said other dogs were starved and beaten and felt threatened by their owners, but they preformed empiably. She said this was what her life was like, her husband was so scared to ask for help. So instead of counseling, medication, and/or therapy, her husband's depression had created a huge wedge in their marriage, worse his inaction to receive help had pushed their teenager to a breaking point. She decided she would have to leave to keep her child safe.
The more I visited and talked with Linda, I realized that what she had been describing was my whole life, the never knowing who you were going to deal with that day, the screaming, the throwing things, the trying to make everything perfect. I was all-too familiar with her story, as it had been my own.
My father suffers from severe depression. I had never understood what the problem was before that moment

########
Rank: 13
Score: 32.33264
Retrieved Text: I could not be happier with the service provided by this company! The staff there always have smiles and every time I visit my family here, the place is sparkling clean. This place does a great job of providing a home to people who need assistance and I highly recommend it.
We recently had my father move in on a trial basis at Bridgepoint. I would have to say we as a family couldn't be more disappointed. The under staffing, the poor food quality and lack of concern is frightening. We have contacted Bridgepoint many times with our concerns but are either promised improvements that never come or simply ignored. My father is woken at all hours of the night needlessly. I love my dad and am crushed this was his experience. Bridgepoint may be a pretty building, but that is the only thing positive I can write in a review.
The building is also being sprayed for fleas....I was told no pets but a resident has a pet that now brought fleas into the building.
Please spare your loved ones the disappointment. Just ask any resident- they are not happy. It's such a shame, Bowling Green could really use the facility.
Great concept/ no execution......Didn't expect to be able to get in touch with administrators....they simply won't address concerns.
This community has two sides and one is more active than the other. The staff we met here were nice and the community seemed clean. We did not get to try the food but the options on the menu sounded good.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 32.22939
Retrieved Text: When it comes to holiday foods, my family is all about tradition. Year after year, the same foods appear on our tables and in our homes throughout the Thanksgiving and Christmas holiday season. When I first began cooking for a living...going to school, cooking in an exciting restaurant kitchen...this bothered me a lot. I found it to be constraining...and a bit boring. I wanted to prepare exotic and different foods from other traditions. Unfortunately, my desires didn't mesh very well with those of my family.
But of course, the holidays really are about family: remembering the things that connect us to each other and to those who are no longer physically present. Food...and the traditions that surround it...are a beautiful and symbolic part of this. Every year we serve a sweet Wassail on Christmas Eve at a simple family gathering in my home. Everyone expects it. To be honest, I don't like it very much. But my father loved it...and he loved Christmas. So I am happy to make it every year because it reminds me of him and the joy he found in the holiday season. And now, a new generation has apparently acquired a taste for it: I found out a few years ago that my niece loves it. So... the tradition will continue.
I have of course introduced a few new food traditions of my own into the mix. The holiday wreath coffeecake I make now for Christmas breakfast was something I started making a few years ago...and it has gone over well. It is,

########
Rank: 15
Score: 32.219982
Retrieved Text: An Interview With Chef Aryesh, Indigo Deli.
With a set direction towards attaining his dreams and carving his way by overcoming challenges faced over the years, he has reached the peak of success today. His warm hospitality makes customers want to visit the venue more often. An in depth knowledge on understanding different tastes of customers has helped him churn out the best combination of meals and menus that would not only bring satisfaction to customers but also leave them wanting more.
Here’s interviewing Sous Chef Aryesh Karambelkar from Indigo Deli, Mumbai.
At Indigo, I’m currently working as a Sous Chef. I’m responsible for 26 people working on my direction and I also take charge of the daily specials and other important offerings.
What has inspired you to become a Chef?
As a child, I used to watch my father preparing delicious meals in the kitchen with simple ingredients. As I grew up, I delved into cooking as a form of art and read about the masters of the trade, namely Ferran Adria, Gordon Ramsay, Grant Achatz and Anthony Bourdain. Their approach to cooking and analyzing food inspired me to become a chef.
In my schooling years, I knew I wasn’t meant for classical ‘studying.’ As I got exposed to cooking further, I realized that I could turn my passion for food into a legitimate career. I’d flip omelettes and make potato wedges for my tiffin box. Although they didn’t always turn out great, my father saw my interest in this field and egged me on to pursue this as a career.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 32.114773
Retrieved Text: I wasn't sure what I was expecting going in, but I ended up with This is Where I Leave You by Jonathan Tropper on steroids!
I am back with another review, The Homecoming by Andrew Pyper. Thanks so much to Simon and Schuster Canada for sending me a copy of this book as part of the Thriller Chronicles program, as always, all opinions are my own.
This story follows a family after their absentee father's death. As part of the will reading, Aaron, Bridge, Franny and their mother, Eleanor, are required to travel to a remote rainforest in the Pacific Northwest - 600 acres of which belonged to their late father. His last request, in order for everyone to receive their portion, is to stay on the property for 30 days. With lives of their own, most of the family fight this ruling, but ultimately, none is brave enough to test what would happen if they left and fought in court. As the days go by, secrets about their father come to light and as things turn deadly, they begin to wonder if that was what their father wanted all along.
Writing-wise, I think this book was fairly well done. I was engrossed in the story and despite being quite freaked out in some parts, continued to read, finishing this book before bed (a bit of a mistake, if you ask me! Let's just say I didn't sleep great). The plot was well done - there were a number of twists, none of which I saw coming. I thought

########
Rank: 17
Score: 32.02659
Retrieved Text: Last week I spoke to Chabad Santa Fe's women's group on the subject of collecting family stories.
Since it was their annual Hanukah party, the evening started with latkes (potato pancakes) and sufganiyot (jelly donuts), and other yummies to commemorate the “miracle of the oil” that marks the holiday. Children lit the menorah and sang traditional songs, so the celebration was anchored — as holidays are in all cultures — by food, music and ritual.
The rabbi’s wife had prepared a talk on the meaning of Hanukah, but so many women wanted to share childhood memories of Hanukah that she yielded her time to their impromptu stories.
One woman recalled wanting a Christmas tree so badly that she managed to get herself invited to all her friends’ houses so she could decorate their trees. A retired teacher told of introducing multiculturalism in her Texas school’s celebrations. A woman wore her mother’s “Hanukah vest,” embroidered with menorahs and dreidels, to honor the woman died at this time of year and remembering the lessons she gave her.
All this of course primed the pump for my talk. Since I know how daunting it can be to capture a family member’s life on paper, I always try to keep my suggestions upbeat. I emphasize that any stories we gather are more than we would have otherwise, to focus on the possibilities.
But at the end of the evening, a woman put her hand on my arm as her eyes welled with tears. “I wish I’d asked my father more about growing up in Vienna

########
Rank: 18
Score: 31.99688
Retrieved Text: However, Tianxin thought this was just Xinghe putting on a face, forcing herself to be calm.
After all, what else can the b*tch do?
She must be dying inside!
The thought of Xinghe's inner turmoil tickled her heart. It made her want to laugh out loud.
Of course, she couldn't laugh but the smile on her face was bright as ever.
"By the way, Mubai, why did you invite Miss Xia today?" Tianxin, in her gracious mood, decided to share her spotlight with Xinghe, going so far to refer to her as Miss Xia.
This question had been troubling many other people in the box as well.
Right then, the waiters finished serving the food.
"Bon appetit, if there's anything you need, please ring the service bell," the lead server said with a smile. Then, he ushered his colleagues out, closing the door behind him.
Mubai didn't answer Tianxin's question, instead he picked up a bottle of wine and poured a glass for each of Tianxin's parents.
This action piqued the room's interest.
However, they didn't question him because it was, after all, a sign of respect for Mubai to do so.
"Just now it was Tianxin serving tea, but now it's Mubai's turn to serve wine, huh?" Mr. Chu joked.
Old Mr. Xi responded with a slight smile, "It's only fair."
Mubai was their junior and was their daughter's fianc, serving them wine was appropriate.
However, suspicion rose in Old Mr. Xi's heart. Others might not understand Mubai but he understood his son well.
Extending the Chu's formal invitation to lunch, inviting Xinghe without telling anyone, and now serving the Chu's

########
Rank: 19
Score: 31.986492
Retrieved Text: All this father wanted to do was prepare breakfast for himself and his family. But his twin daughters, who kept sneaking up to the fridge to check what’s inside, was not making it easy for him. He kept pulling them away from the fridge but, with their eyes’ firmly planted at the open fridge, they kept going back and even standing in front of the fridge.
Taking care of one baby is hard. Taking care of twin babies is even more challenging! When Urban Davidsson took his twin babies to the kitchen to prepare breakfast, he did not realize it would be a struggle just taking out food. Now, he has to take out the food, place it on the counter, pull away one baby to sit a few feet away, pull away the other baby and do the same, and repeat.
It quickly turns into a comedy that will no doubt have this daddy wore out by the time breakfast is over. The moment he opens the door the twins go into full speed to see what they can pull out of the refrigerator and hopefully find a “meal” of their very own. Thankfully a camera was running to remind daddy years down the way what a patient soul he was to take care of his inquisitive little ones so carefully.
In fact, this dad just may be a candidate to win “most patient dad of the year award.” After viewing the antics his little ones put him through, it seems a most fitting award for him!
There’s no

########
Rank: 20
Score: 31.836723
Retrieved Text: re you sure, father?" The old man's eyes wandered past the wooden fence, staring through his son, avoiding looking directly at the tall man standing before him.
"Yes." His son had just celebrated his 40th year, enough to make any father feel like an ancient. "We've already discussed this, Matthew. I refuse to do so again where the children may hear us."
As if summoned by his voice, two young teen-agers, boy and girl, tore out the front door screeching epithets at each other. The old man smiled on seeing them, pleased at the distraction from his son's heavy mood.
"Grandfather," squealed the boy, his voice betraying courage with unexpected alterations in pitch, "Maggie says you're leaving us forever." Pearl stains of dirt on his cheeks hinted at tears recently shed.
The old man reached and the boy obediently stepped closer, let the wiry hand settle on his shoulder. Already the two stood at the same height, grandfather and 13-year-old boy.
"I'm leaving. Is that not enough?"
The boy's sister stepped beside the old man and gripped his free arm with both hands. "It's true, isn't it grandfather?"
The old man drew his grandson closer, so that he held them both, one in each arm, and his expression remained content, almost amused, as he spoke. "There is no forever, children. I am going away. That's all."
Matthew stared imploringly at his father even as his words addressed the two children. "It's the way of our people, to leave the tribe once a certain age has been reached. For generations as far back as our

########
Rank: 21
Score: 31.682657
Retrieved Text: On the way to town, the father decided to stop by his cousins house. Upon arrival, the cousin was sick with the plague, her husband was dead, but the cousins baby was well. The cousin – knowing that she was dying – begged her cousin (the father) to take her baby with him – which he did.
The father and son decided to turn around and go back home, instead of going on to town. Right before the trio got home, the father and son killed the baby, skinned it and cut it up into small pieces. The father then presented the butchered baby to his unsuspecting wife, along with the story of how his cousin had butchered a hog and gave them part of the meat.
The wife cooked the baby and served it to the family.
About 10 days later all of the family were dead from the plague, except the son. Who went to town and confessed to the sheriff as to what he and his father had done to the baby.
Now ask yourself, how bad would things have to get before “you” resorted to such measures to survive?
Are you and your family prepared for self sufficiency over long periods of time? In other words, if there were no grocery stores, how long until you and your family starve?
Having a well rounded survivalist library can be critical in learning lessons from the past. Then, we take those lessons and apply them to our survival plans.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 31.663137
Retrieved Text: Hello everyone. I hope you are able to enjoy a wonderful weekend?! Maybe you are in the mood for the next chapter 'Samantha' ? Enjoy!
After dinner Casey offered to help his mother with the dishes but she shook her head.
"Thanks, but no. You go into the living-room with Zeke and your dad. That is why you are here for, isn't it?"
"At least I hope so!"
Zeke felt Casey's questioning eyes and smirked reassuring. Though he felt still uneasy to talk about his problems with Mr. Connor, he would give it a try because he knew how much it meant for Casey. He had full confidence in his father - and of course he could - the Connor's would always be there for their son. Zeke did only hope that he wouldn't end up deeply disappointed when his father outright said 'No!' to him, Zeke Tyler.
"So, let's have a talk then," his father stepped in.
"Your mom has told me you are in trouble?"
"It's not me," Casey corrected him.
"It's more about Zeke. But we really could need your advice."
"Well, I don't know if I will be able to help him. You know, I'm really busy in the moment. There are still two files I need to work through today and ..."
"Frank," interrupted him Mrs. Connor.
"Do at least listen to him. You can spare a few minutes, don't you think so?"
"No, it's okay! I get it!"
Zeke shrugged and looked at Casey apologizing.
"Of course your job is much more important than my stuff!
Is it okay when we try to catch the

########
Rank: 23
Score: 31.623375
Retrieved Text: I was recently in contact with Beau, the owner of Jagd Mafia again and he said they were sure liking their logo design(s), which made me happy and I realized I hadn't shared it online yet. This was my most complicated logo design to date. I was given a photograph and was told they want to use the person holding the head of the stag. Jagd Mafia is a hunting adventure based out of Germany. If hunting is your thing and you are in that area you should get in contact with them, as it looks like they have a great time!
Thank you Beau! I wish you and your business the best!
a powerful one it is. The gorgeous wood frame was made by my husband of Wisp Woods.
Love teaming up with him on projects! He's been making the most beautiful wooden bookmarks lately.
I haven't been so good about getting new designs posted. This was a really fun logo to create. The business owners were awesome to work with and had a good idea of what they wanted. What made this job even sweeter was getting the actual product to try! It is so awesome to actually see my design on an actual product but then to try out the item... oh my goodness! We made avocado pudding with the honey and it was amazing! Kaelyn doesn't like avocados but she loved this dessert. The recipe will definitely be shared in one of our Enduring Health newsletters (can sign up at the bottom of the page) and

########
Rank: 24
Score: 31.603409
Retrieved Text: Nagka was a small and peaceful village surrounded by mountains. All its residents knew each other well. However, it had a problem: the weather. When it wasn't snowing it was either raining or very foggy. Sunny days were unknown to its citizens... only occasionally did travelers rumor about a distant country filled with rivers, flowers and enough food to live happy forever.
Jack was an adventurer. He knew Nagka well and had explored the mountains and all its surrounding landscape. He wanted more. His father forced him to become a painter and honor the family tradition; Jack the Painter is how they called him. Every sunset, he ventured into the unknown to paint mountains, lakes and trees. During the day, he worked in the library as a writer. Nagka was so isolated that almost everything was produced there as well. Jack wrote poems; every kind of poem imaginable.
In one of his journeys, Jack found a marvelous spot to paint a waterfall he had never seen before. It was so relaxing that he fell asleep. He woke up a few hours later and saw a monstrous creature. He wanted to paint it, but he was too scared. Eventually the monster fell asleep and Jack made a very accurate and beautiful painting of the creature. He hung the painting in the library where it was instantly loved: everyone wanted to see it.
Amidst the turmoil walked a young and beautiful lady whom Jack had never seen before. He didn't believe in love at first sight, but now he did. She

########
Rank: 25
Score: 31.600273
Retrieved Text: Audio Recording "Sometimes it reaches the point where the store comes before anything else -- keep the store open."
Audio Controls for "Sometimes it reaches the point where the store comes before anything else -- keep the store open."
"Sometimes it reaches the point where the store comes before anything else -- keep the store open."
- Summary of audio segment: TC mentions the stock number game, and other things AS did before joining the business. To what degree were the family and the business and the life [of family] inseparable, making it inevitable to join the business. AS says he has to go back to his father. His father for a time worked for what they used to call the gas works. But the pressure was there to go into this business, it was a successful business, and there's always that subtle, and sometimes not so subtle, pressure, to think about the business. The business became a part of your life. Sometimes it reaches the point where the store comes before anything else -- keep the store open. Even when his father died, someone said to him Why didn't you close the store? Well, first AS thought it isn't going to do much good, andalso, he could hear his father saying, Well you better get down there and take care of the store. Well, that's just the way life was. And AS supposes there was a very close relationship between the bond in your family, and the business.
Schagen, Mina, Albert W Schagen, and Thomas D Carroll. "Sometimes it

########
Rank: 26
Score: 31.58521
Retrieved Text: What are your thoughts on WWE wrestler Goldust/Dustin Rhodes?
Do you like him or not do you think he's overrated or underrated? are you satisfied with his career so far? his gimmick e.t.c?
should he work for WWE or TNA or indy's?
I always liked Dustin, even pre Goldust in WCW as 'The Natural' Dustin Rhodes. Dustin was not as good on the mic as his father as 'The Natural', but he also held his own and was better than many other 2nd generation stars. Barry Windham was awful on the mic and compared to his father, was even worse. Goldust in 1995/96 was one of Vince's best creations. It was a total mind screw and about two years ahead of it's time. I think he's had a pretty good career and many people grew to love the Goldust gimmick, and just Dustin all around. His matches in WCW with Austin and Arn Anderson were some of his best matches.
I think he is a good worker. Many people may not like him, but I think he is better than most of the people on the roster. He can work a good match even though he isn't getting a good push.
Awh...I think he fouled up with his The Artist Formally Known As GoldDust...WHAT THE HELL WAS THAT ALL ABOUT!!!???!!!
Wearing a g-string in the ring? Breast cups? That messed up his career.
He should do occassional stuff for WWE..he is not really overrated and definitely not underrated. His gimmick is alriight he is a legend and when his career is done he

########
Rank: 27
Score: 31.545012
Retrieved Text: I know I've said it on here before, but I do love creepy children. I mean really. Not the demonic kind, but the just plain evil kind. The Uninvited is a type of creepy child I haven't read before, though. It's about an epidemic that sweeps the world and turns children into homicidal monsters. Hesketh Lock is our protagonist - an anthropologist with Aspergers, whose investigation of the phenomenon takes a personal turn when his stepson starts to show signs that he could be infected.
I really appreciated the writing. I liked Hesketh as a narrator. The fact that he has Asperger's makes him interesting and unique, but I also think the author kept that from becoming the main focus of the book - which was a big plus for me. It made him a novel character and his quirks kept me interested, but it didn't feel like an "issue" book. The focus wasn't on his autism, that was just a small part of his character.
My one complaint with the writing revolves around the ending. It was a little bit too abrupt and the message was a little overpowering. I could have done with less focus on moralizing and more focus on tying up the strings well. The reveal of the big twist just happened a little too fast for me to like it. That said, it wasn't such a problem that it kept me from enjoying the book.
I was certainly entertained. It held my attention and I was desperate to know the reason for the children's

########
Rank: 28
Score: 31.495338
Retrieved Text: The voice sounds so shrill and excited that it causes Denethor to turn around and frown at the boy running across the courtyard towards their visitor.
Faramir halts abruptly when he nears them and then stands by irresolutely chewing his lower lip before lowering his head. His bright eyes now have a wary look about them.
Denethor greets the wizard first and then watches as his younger son looks up and steps forward quietly. Faramir's words are so soft they are nearly inaudible. Yet, Denethor's ears cannot miss in his voice the smile that he never gets to hear.
Also, should there be a period at the end of the last sentence?
I liked that. In just a few words it speaks tons of this Gondorian family.
Am very slowly limping back towards writing... hopefullt it lasts.
I hope so too. I've found out that the best way to cure writer's block is simply to start writing.
I've found out that the best way to cure writer's block is simply to start writing.
What an unhappy, viscious circle!
This is another excellent example of how Denethor needs to possess every bit of his sons' love. There is no room for them to love others--even each other--better than they love him. I particularly liked "His bright eyes now have a wary look about them." Faramir has seen this reaction before once too often. He knows his father on this point.
Faramir has seen this reaction before once too often. He knows his father on this point.
Who? Denethor or Gandalf? It's the only thing I had to say,

########
Rank: 29
Score: 31.492327
Retrieved Text: Men are doing more around the house than ever before, but there are some areas of home management that still fall mainly to women. Take planning for dinner guests, for example. In most homes, exceptions withstanding, women take the lead in picking out the menu, shopping for the food, cooking, and generally planning the evening. Men are mostly urged to get out of the way, or are asked to help out (as directed by their wives).
But why? Aside from the obvious cliche answers, I maintain that men are fully capable of these activities. In our house, where we tend to examine more tasks for equality than the average married couple, we decided to put 'dinner for a guest' to the ESP test. In other words, it was my turn to do all the planning and Amy's turn to help if needed.
The result: leftovers. Not leftovers as in an almost full pan of homebaked lasagna. Leftovers as in 'empty the fridge and serve up what we have'. Some of us got to finish off the baked squash from last night, while others dug into the leftover pasta. Dessert was the end of a package of store-bought cookies.
Now mind you - this was NOT Amy's way. She loves to cook for company and enjoys trying out new recipes, putting together a fresh meal, and she feels that her efforts are a way to honor the guest. But because we practice ESP, there is room for my way too. In my world, serving a good friend (as this guest

================



======= Instance Index 3216 =========
Input Text: Read the following conversation and answer the question.

W: When did you become interested in collecting stamps?

M: Oh, when I was about ten years old.

W: Ten years old? So you have loved it for 9 years.

M: Yeah, it's really an exciting hobby. You know, the first postage stamps were issued in Britain in 1840.

W: Really? I didn't know that. What's on the first postage stamps?

M: Well, look, here's a picture of the first two stamps issued.

W: Oh, they both bear a picture of Queen Victoria, don't they?

M: Yes, I wish I had the originals, then I would be a wealthy man instead of a poor stamp collector.

W: But I believe collecting stamps gives you much pleasure which not all wealthy men can enjoy.

M: Yes, I do agree.

Question: How old was the man when he became interested in collecting stamps? 

- 10.

- 9.

- 12.

Target Text: 10.

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 36.708176
Retrieved Text: How about them stamp lickers?
Despite the high temperatures of August, the spacious Shanghai Lugong Stamp, Coin and Card Collection Exchange Market felt rather "cold" with only a few of customers, Laodong Daily reported.
Located at 600 Jumen Road in Huangpu district, the market covers more than 4,000 square meters. Originally it was only a casual stamp market among locals, but local authorities upgraded it into an official stamp exchange site 22 years ago. Since then, Lugong has played a pivotal role in the development of Shanghai and China's stamp industry.
With the decreasing popularity of stamp collecting in recent years, the market is no longer as crowded as it used to be. But some vendors were busy preparing products to be shipped for online customers.
If you take a closer look, you would also see that there are QR codes for payments at the stalls. These codes seem to suggest that business at the market is keeping up with the latest tech trends.
Many booths at the market exchange coins or cards; only a small number of booths still deal in stamps. One booth owner, a senior male, was asleep at the time of reporting.
Zhang Wenqing, another elderly stall owner, told Laodong Daily the stamp exchange market has shrunk dramatically in recent years, with profits dropping off significantly.
Zhang is a famous stamp collector and dealer in Shanghai. His booth has existed for around 22 years. "My booth sells a diverse variety of stamps. No matter what types of stamps you want to buy, I can meet your demand," Zhang said.
The

########
Rank: 1
Score: 32.269264
Retrieved Text: He had formed a collection at school, not a very large one, seven or eight hundred at most, but still big enough for him to take an interest in; and then when he left school the collection, like may others, had been laid aside forgotten.
On leaving school he went as a clerk to the bank in his native village. He would then be about seventeen. Some three years afterwards he was transferred to one of our larger provincial towns and amongst his luggage he placed the old stamp collection. Why he did so he could not tell. But it was lonely in his lodgings in the new town, where everybody seemed too busy to take any interest in him and he took out the old collection of his schooldays to have a look at it. He thought that it might make life less dreary were he to start collecting stamps again and so have some occupation which would help him to pass agreeably the weary hours in which he was not at the bank. So he rearranged his stamps.
One day not long after, he happened to mention stamps to a brother clerk.
"Hello, do you collect stamps?"
"Well I used to do so and I’m thinking of beginning again".
"That’s right; I’m a collector, but nobody round here seems to collect. I got a fine thing the other day though……."
And then ensued a long talk dear to the heart of the philatelists, at the end of which our friend found himself invited to "come round to-night to see them".
So,

########
Rank: 2
Score: 31.13993
Retrieved Text: Would you like to swap stamps? Send us a short message and your Email to join the "Persian Stamp Swap Club".
Please share your experience with club members listed below. Members who do not honor their obligations will be removed.
stamp collector from brazil looking for WW used stamps, 50-200 at a time, 1-1, no catalogs. offer WW stamps, postcards, phonecards.
Hello - I am interested in exchanging stamps from India, Ghana an dother countries with high quality stamps from your country. I can also exchange Indian banknotes and coins.
I am interested in collecting stamps and could exchange coins as well.
I'm collecting stamps from "Postes Persannes".
If you like to exchange old Persian stamps "Postes Persannes" with stamps from other countries contact me.
Hello, I collect stamps from all over the world and I can send you stamps from Australia. If you like send me stamps and I will do the same.
I am massimo I would like to swap stamps with you. I have only few stamps from US and almost none Persian so I would like most of them... I am italian but I live in Belgium at present. I can offer you english, belgian, italian, french stamps.
I would like to swap only unused stamps with original gum with you preferably in the form of block of four, will exchange 1:1. I must tell you that I can not accept yellowed stamps or those stamps something written or stuck on the back of them and the stamp teeth must be totally in good condition. Otherwise I always send them back.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 30.220037
Retrieved Text: They terrified moviegoers by the millions earlier in the century. Now they're back _ for National Stamp-Collecting Month this month and in time for Halloween _ in full, frightening monster makeup and splendor.
Five monsters _ Dracula, The Mummy, The Phantom of the Opera, The Wolf Man and Frankenstein's Monster _ were re-created by the U.S. Postal Service and Universal Studios. Four actors portrayed the creepy characters.
* And Karloff again as Frankenstein's Monster.
"These actors and their monsters created a whole new genre in American film and have been sending a shiver down the spines of audiences for more than 60 years," Postmaster General Marvin Runyon said. "It is fitting that these classic American characters, and the actors who portrayed them, will be honored on U.S. postage stamps."
Each pane includes a photo of each actor and his signature. Artist Thomas Blackshear of Colorado Springs painted the monsters, vividly reproducing the publicity shots.
For the Movie Monsters sheet, designers scrambled an image _ not letters _ into each of the stamps: bats on the Dracula stamp, hieroglyphics on the Mummy, masks on the Phantom, wolves on the Wolf Man and lightning bolts on Frankenstein.
To view the images customers must buy a $4.95 "decoder lens" from the Postal Service. The hidden designs in these stamps are much more complicated than the "USAF" lettering that was placed on the Air Force stamp.
The Postal Service is using every promotional effort to arouse interest in stamp collecting. It is sending out 124,000 "Get the Creeps" kits to teachers nationwide in order to get youngsters

########
Rank: 4
Score: 29.907887
Retrieved Text: I am Jyoti. Thank you for visiting my page. I live in New York with my very supportive husband and wonderful two kids.
I have always been interested in arts and crafts. Since I was a child I used to draw and paint. I consider myself a self-taught artist, and even though I am not very good at it, I like making oil paintings; especially portraits. Recently I’ve been interested in watercolor paintings.
2013 was when I really became interested in making cards. I was watching Youtube videos about paintings when I came across a video in which a watercolor painting was turned into a card. This inspired me to start collecting pretty pattern papers, punches and stamps. I used these to start making my very own cards. Once I started I kept at it and it eventually became a hobby. In spite of my busy work schedule I always find time for card-making as I find it a fun and therapeutic way to express my creativity.
Feel free to browse through my blog to view my handmade cards and paper crafts and please leave a comment to let me know what you think.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 29.850368
Retrieved Text: I've been reading Nick Bantock's collage based short fiction books for about a decade. The first one I read, The Museum at Purgatory confused the heck out of me but I loved the illustrations. It wasn't until I discovered his Griffith and Sabine series that I really fell in love with his books.
Last year I decided I should read every book of his that I hadn't yet read. The last one on my list was Urgent Second Class. It's part memoir and part collage how-to and completely fascinating.
Bantock goes through the different materials he uses, like old stamps, old money, old business correspondence, contracts and maps to build his pieces of art. He also uses three dimensional items as well when creating shadow boxes.
Besides collecting useful ephemera, Bantock creates his own stamps, postcards and other "dubious documents." There are so many useful techniques I wish I owned a copy of the book to refer to when I am working on collages. Unfortunately I was reading a library book.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 29.702724
Retrieved Text: Francois Villon was born in Paris in 1431. The first thing that came up when I googled this guy was that he was a poet. I thought 'okay, this will be a pretty simple, perhaps not so exciting blog'. But then I kept reading and I grew more and more interested.
It seems that good old Francois was more than just a poet. He was somewhat of a rabble-rouser. I think Wiki used the term 'Ne'er do well'. It all started on 5 June 1455. Francois along with two others - including a priest! - were in the Rue Saint-Jacques, when trouble erupted. In a scuffle a knife was pulled on Francois, who in turn drew his own knife. His assailant struck first, then Francois responded by stabbing his attacker. But he didn't stop there. To ensure his attacker would never again do him harm, Francois struck him with a stone, killing him. Now a murderer, Francois Villon fled. In his absence he was sentenced to banishment. He was later pardoned for this crime.
In 1946 France issued a set of six stamps commemorating 15th Century celebrities. Albert Decaris designed and engraved two of these stamps. Joan of Arc (see my blog on this stamp HERE). The second stamp is the subject of this blog - Francois Villon.
This is an interesting stamp depicting a rather colourful character. What is that expression on his face? Fear? Guilt? Contrition? Whatever Villon may be thinking here, I'm glad I got to meet this intriguing poet. The joy of stamp collecting!

########
Rank: 7
Score: 29.67728
Retrieved Text: I used to think that the journalists lived in the television.
When I was younger I thought the disc holder for our TV would explode if you put too many discs in.
I thought Kaa's name from The Jungle Book was spelled "Car" and that he had a brother named Truck.
I thought exterminators were Daleks.
I used to believe that Charlie and the Chocolate Factory was based on a true story, because there’s a real life candy company that was called “Willy Wonka” at the time.
There's a scene in the movie called The Incredibles, where the main character stamps the word "denied" on a piece of paper and an old lady says, "You're denying my claim?!".
Well, when I first saw the movie, I thought she was saying, "You're denying my *plane*?!" and wondered how on Earth someone could deny a plane.
When I was younger, I used to believe that singers sing alive at the radio .
In Peter Pan, a pirate says, "Here we are collecting barnacles on this miserable island!", the joke being that they were so inactive that barnacles were growing on them.
Well, when I first saw the movie, I didn't get the joke and I thought he meant collecting like you collect stamps or whatever. I thought he was implying that they were so bored that they could only do silly things like start a barnacle collection.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 29.648226
Retrieved Text: What is a First Day Cover? Cover refers to the envelope, which hundreds of years ago, people would fold up their letters to send. Today we pop our letters into envelopes (much safer!). First Day relates to the date the stamp has been issued, for example the new David Bowie stamps from the Music Icons issue on 14th March 2017. When the stamp is affixed to the envelope and postmarked on the first day of issue, the envelope becomes a First Day Cover (FDC).
Collectors have been interested in stamps on envelopes for over 150 years. At some point in history it became popular to collect covers which had been postmarked on the first day of issue, and they sent them through the post on purpose to obtain this. Certainly in 1870, many of the new halfpenny postcards were sent to be kept. Collecting them became a philatelic hobby, and with this hobby gaining more and more interest (for example, over 400 different covers were produced for the 1937 Coronation stamp), First Day Covers became something worth collecting; not only did they pay homage to the stamp issue, but they also became beautifully illustrated and were like pieces of art depicting special times in history.
Where do we fit into all of this? Here at Buckingham Covers we produce fabulous First Day Covers which look at the stamps that have been issued and expand on that to produce works of art. These covers are highly collectable and not only do you get to collect stamps that have been

########
Rank: 9
Score: 29.625784
Retrieved Text: Figure 5. This British 1-shilling green Queen Victoria stamp (Scott 42) has a Scott catalog value of $1,750, but its condition and grade affect its value.
Figure 4. A topical collector might be attracted to this Senegalese 400-franc Three Stooges stamp (scott 1432).
Figure 3. This Mongolian 10-mung Dancers Mask stamp (Scott 616) is exotic and inexpensive and might appeal to a young geography student.
Figure 2. This mint U.S. 5¢ Herbert Hoover stamp (Scott 1269) has the Scott catalog minimum value of 20¢.
Figure 1. You might interest a Boy Scout in stamp collecting by showing him this U.S. 3¢ Boy Scouts stamp (Scott 995).
As a devotee of the world's greatest hobby, any stamp collector should be ready, willing and able to help others find out how great the stamp hobby really is.
But there's a right way and a wrong way to try to help people get started in stamp collecting.
Consider these hypothetical examples, and think about what your own answers would be.
A. OK, come over to my house, and I'll show you my stamps. We'll look through several albums.
B. Be glad to help. I'll sell you a bunch of my duplicates. How much do you have to spend?
C. All right, you should do it the right way from the start. Buy mint, never-hinged 19th-century classics and get a safety deposit box to keep them in.
The correct answer is D, none of the above. This kid just wants to earn a Boy Scout merit badge, and you have just wiped him out. An A, B or C answer could

########
Rank: 10
Score: 29.450724
Retrieved Text: The first posting of a stamp, the Penny Black was from Bath in 1840.
The Penny Black was issued by Britain in 1840 and pictured a young Queen Victoria – it had to be cut from the sheet with scissors in order to be used.
The collecting of stamps started almost straight after this.
Edward Stanley Gibbons started as a sole trader selling stamps in 1856 and this was the start of the now famous Stanley Gibbons company.
Worldwide the estimated numbers of stamp collectors is around 200 million.
Bath’s Stamp & Coin Shop sell a collection of coins, stamps, postcards, stamp books and stationery. They also have a selection of pamphlets and books.
Bath Stamp & Coin are always interested in purchasing collections of old coins and tokens, military medals and badges, stamp collections and old letters.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 29.32799
Retrieved Text: Since the independence of India, many new postage stamps have been issued by our Government on many occasions. Recreation is not the only aim of hobbies. Hobbies are essential to keep us fit, refreshed and relaxed. I would grasp this honour today to tell about my favourite hobby. Also, you become confident as you keep gaining information about a certain thing. Leisure — How to Use it Or What is This Life is full of Care? When individuals in the market economies find themselves in a position where they cannot let go of any of their possessions they are then titles as a hoarder.
My biggest collection is from India. Both grown-ups and children are fond of playing different computer games. Whether we attain a high degree of proficiency in our hobby or not, is really a matter of little significance. She illustrated how the creator of the stamps combined simple profession into a cultural tradition — by adding up different ornaments or beautiful colors within the background or within the body of the person that exists in the stamp or postcard. I invite them on my birthday in our house. But now it is easy to view and purchase stamps from online stores.
My classmates are also good. Such hobbies are good for health as they give you chance to get away from the stress of hectic life. Early postage stamps The first postage stamps for the prepayment of letter postage were issued in England in 1840. Avoid writing statements about yourself. English classes were great, but

########
Rank: 12
Score: 29.254183
Retrieved Text: I'm no philatelist... that was more my father's thing. I've always thought that collecting postage stamps might be a conspiracy going back to Ben Franklin (okay, just so you don't have to look it up, he was the first Postmaster General...). It's a brilliant idea to get people to convert their money into postage stamps that they'll never use. Coin collecting is sort of the same (another thing my old man was into...) idea. Use your legal tender to buy legal tender that you would never dare use. Great!
I'm not actually trying to run those hobbies down. Each has a fascinating history, and there is much of interest in what most people handle everyday as incidental ephemera. To their credit the Post Office has issued some stamps that have curried even my interest, and I must confess to having bought some stamps over the years just for lookin' and not for mailin'.
I just found a set at my local branch that had been issued in August celebrating classic TVshows. Each TV show's image is represented in pleasing monotone, bordered by a golden TV-shaped frame, and they've even got the TV tube glare and scanlines there! Very cute, and as an aficionado of old TV I couldn't resist. The selection of 20 shows from TV's early days is a pretty good one. Nearly every show in the collection has been syndicated endlessly since the 50's, so you can still feel nostalgic even if you weren't there the first time around.
If you're looking for a $10 holiday gift

########
Rank: 13
Score: 28.696049
Retrieved Text: My first 50 cent piece and a wheat penny.
I’ve always been interested in collecting money. No one had to teach me to pick up pennies off the ground, it just came natural. I still remember when my uncle gave me a half dollar when I was a wee lad. I was in awe there could be a coin so big–I was hooked.
Often I found random coins lying about and kept them. I still have many of them in 2 zip lock bags (the ultimate storage device). One for U.S. coins and one for foreign coins–yes Canadian coins are ‘foreign’.
So back to the main point, is investing in coins a hobby or could I turn it into a side business?
Are old coins worth money? Could a hobby of collecting coins and old currency make you rich? I’m sure you’re wondering the same thing. Here is what I found out.
2) Ask lots of questions.
3) Learn how to grade your coins properly.
4) Gold coins are valuable (at the time of writing) yet can fluctuate wildly in price.
5) Pick a certain coin or method and stick to it.
I learned that some Americans are hoarding their pennies (1982 and older) for their copper content in hopes the penny will become outdated like the recent Canadian penny and they’ll be able to sell them for their copper content.
There are cool machines that will sort the copper from zinc pennies. Be sure to look through your the older copper pennies for rare pennies.
Some people are even starting to hoard nickels for their 75%

########
Rank: 14
Score: 28.596933
Retrieved Text: Blair Coldwell Henshaw was born July 2, 1949, in Digby, Nova Scotia. He moved to Vancouver in the 1960s and worked as a letter carrier, a hospital orderly and as a library assistant with the National Film Board. Henshaw was a long-time philatelist and began developing a collection of HIV/AIDS stamps after the world’s first AIDS stamp was released in 1988. He continued collecting until late 2001. Henshaw was a member of the BC Philatelic Society, and created thematic philatelic exhibitions under the banner of the AIDS on Stamps project, an independent non-profit AIDS awareness initiative organized by Henshaw. In 1992, seven years after being diagnosed with HIV, Henshaw began lobbying Canada Post and the federal government to produce a Canadian stamp featuring HIV/AIDS in order to raise awareness about the disease in Canada and abroad. After four years of lobbying and public outreach by Henshaw, on May 8, 1996, Canada Post became the 59th postal jurisdiction to issue an HIV/AIDS awareness stamp. The stamp featured an image by Vancouver artist Joe Average, and was released to coincide with the 11th International AIDS conference held in Vancouver. Henshaw died June 15, 2002, in Vancouver, British Columbia.
The Henshaw collection was auctioned November 8, 2004, at All Nations Stamp and Coin. It was acquired by John Keenlyside and donated to Simon Fraser University Special Collections and Rare Books.
Collection consists of first issues of stamps, postcards, comics and other materials related to Blair Henshaw’s collecting and AIDS-awareness advocacy work. Collection has been arranged into the following five series: Stamps

########
Rank: 15
Score: 28.371843
Retrieved Text: The collection was amassed by a man Dorset man who lived all of his life in his just a few yards away from the home he was born in.
As a young lad during The Second World War, he took a been interest in the military operations which went on in the village between helping getting the harvest in , feeding the family chickens and helping on local farms. He even witnessed the Sherborne Air Raid on 30th September 1940.
After the war, when he was old enough he serve, he joined up with The Dorset Regiment. This sparked a lifetime of collecting militaria, with particular emphasis on anything related to his regiment.
Sadly he passed away last year and the family have now taken the difficult decision to dispose of his collection so other collectors can enjoy the items just as much as he did.
One of his treasured medal groups is not unsurprisingly a gallantry group awarded to a Dorset man. The group of four First World War medals were awarded to 813 Private W J Chaffey who served with the Dorset Yeomanry. The group comprises a 1914-15 Star, a Victory medal, a War medal and a Military Medal, which are estimated to sell for £600-1,000. Overall, the collection expected to sell for well over £10,000.
Charterhouse are now accepting further entries for this March 14th & 15th auction of coins, medals, militaria, stamps, toys and other collectors’ items and for their April auctions which include specialist sales of Asian Art, Sporting Items, Pictures and Classic Cars.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 28.340794
Retrieved Text: John Carl Dupal age 82 of Canton, passed away on February 2, 2019. He was born August 8, 1936 in Salem, Ohio to the late Mary (Kulha) and John Dupal. He graduated in 1954 from Salem High School and received his bachelor’s degree in engineering from Youngstown State. John was a member of the Knights of Columbus Council #3777 in North Canton where he served as past grand knight and was a member of Little Flower Church where he served as a Eucharistic Minister. He loved playing golf, camping, model trains and collecting stamps.
In addition to his parents, John is preceded in death by one daughter, Tina Dupal.
John is survived by his wife of 55 years, Marie (Bruno); children, Michael Dupal, Mark (Roxanne) Dupal and Carla (Rob) Nyland; grandchildren, Angela, Bryan and Jordan Dupal, Adam and Rachel Nyland, and Anthony and Abigail VanScyoc.
Mass of Christian Burial will be held on Thursday, February 7, 2019 at 10:00 a.m. at Little Flower Catholic Church with Rev. Fr. Leo Wehrlin officiating. He will be laid to rest in Sacred Heart of Mary Cemetery in Harrisburg. John’s family will receive friends Wednesday evening from 5 – 7:00 p.m. at the Paquelet-Falk Funeral Home in Louisville. The family wishes to thank Mercy Hospital and Mercy Hospice for their kindness and support. In lieu of flowers please donate to Little Flower food cupboard. Condolences can be shared with the family online at www.paqueletfalk.com.
Marie and family, You have my deepest sympathy. So sorry for your loss. Thinking about you.
I have fond memories of

########
Rank: 17
Score: 28.239975
Retrieved Text: The fact that stamp collecting has long been the most popular hobby in the world, with over 16 million enthusiasts in the United States alone, is a good indication of how much fascination and appeal these colorful little pieces of gummed paper exert.
Thanks to these highly desirable and super collectable little pieces of gummed paper, we can discover so much about our world- our culture, land, people, history and heritage.
This is a site that’s dedicated to you – the people who make stamp collecting the most rewarding hobby out there.
The categories that a certain stamp falls into can also determine a stamp’s value. These categories include the region and country the stamp comes from, the age of the stamp, and what they commemorate. Another major factor is the rarity of the stamp, whether it was printed as a limited edition or printed en-mass, and the physical condition of the stamp.
Stamps are more than just a cute way to pay for postage. Stamps are endlessly fascinating and there’s always more to learn! Can you recognize a stamp- where it’s from, how old it is and what it was printed to celebrate? Can you trace it’s history and how it got into your collection? Was it used on a letter or was it preserved just for display?
Collecting stamps is interesting AND also fun, especially when collecting with friends and family. You can show off your stamp collection, compare it, swap and trade stamps. You can also research stamps together, search for new stamps to collect. You can even

########
Rank: 18
Score: 28.083727
Retrieved Text: The Penny Black is history’s first pre-paid postage stamp, and was issued by the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland. This stamp, though not exceptionally rare, is worth between $240 and $3000 depending on its condition. However, a specimen of this stamp with a red Maltese cross cancellation sold at auction for more than $2.4 million.
This is the first and only stamp issued by the Swiss canton of Basel. It was the first stamp to be printed in three colours (black, blue and crimson). Today, the Basel Dove remains one of the most beautiful classical stamps. Its value is $18 000.
These two «Post Office» stamps are the first stamps issued for the postal service in Mauritius Island. The «Post Office» annotation has been liberally commented on. Certain philatelists believe that the printing of this annotation is a mistake, since the usual term used on stamps from the United Kingdom was «Post Paid». This was the term printed on following issues. Approximately 200 specimens were issued with «Post Office», but only 26 have survived down to our day. A cover with two of these stamps sold at auction for $3.8 million.
This is the first stamp issued by Bermudians to inaugurate their capital, Hamilton, and is signed by Bermuda postmaster William Bennet Perot. Today, only 11 copies of this stamp have been discovered. Most of them are in the possession of European royalty, such as the specimen belonging to Queen Elizabeth II. This stamp’s worth is approximately $100,000.
The missionary issue stamps were the first postage stamps used

########
Rank: 19
Score: 27.790329
Retrieved Text: Erik explains why he set up the Disstonian Institute: When I became interested in Disston handsaws just a few years ago, information was scattered here and there, lots of it was word of mouth, and there were no websites related to saw collecting. Online resources were limited to a couple of sites with reproduced catalog pages. It was a start, but I was not the only one looking for a place to see photos of old saws or to find the manufacturing date of a particular Disston saw. For the most part, I think I’ve accomplished it, so I hope it’s of use to you.
Well it was useful to me, Erik. How else would I have known that my D8 saws (a rip and a crosscut, both with DualGrip handles) were made before 1928?

########
Rank: 20
Score: 27.758945
Retrieved Text: Gustav III, born 24 January 1746, was King of Sweden 1771-1792. He was quite an intriguing King, often referred to as an "enlightened despot", a title that, on the surface, seems to be the ultimate oxymoron! How can one be truly enlightened and be a despot?
When Gustav III became his he gathered his closest advisers and introduced a system of government giving him almost total autocratic dictatorship. This doesn't necessarily sound like a very good thing, but in the case of Gustav III, he used this power to attempt to create a better Sweden. And during his twenty-one year reign he was able to implement quite a few changes.
Gustav III was also a patron of the arts and literature. He founded the Swedish Academy and commissioned the construction of the Royal Swedish Opera. He also founded the Royal Order of Vasa, acknowledging advances in the fields of agriculture, mining, and commerce.
But every great leader has a host of enemies. In the case of Gustav his enemies came in the form of a group of young nobles led by a 29 year old fellow named, Jacob Johan Anckarström, The king had withdrawn many of the privileges of the nobles, and he had dragged Sweden into a war with Russia (1787-1790) that they considered futile. Jacob Johan Anckarström and a bunch of his cronies got together to whinge about how poorly they had been treated. They decided that the king had to be done-away-with. So on the night of 16 March 1792 while the king was at a

########
Rank: 21
Score: 27.654945
Retrieved Text: after searching through many remote towns near the mountains, i finally found an old man who knew something about him.
[FO]: Old man, do you know anything about a wandering swordsman who has no name?
[Old Man]: i was collecting herbs up on the mountains, where i met this young chap hidden in the mountain caves. he said he was practising gongfu in the mountains, but looks more like he's reading books and writing papers. he call himself "heavenly sword" and he told me that he used to be someone who wrote publicly about issues which affect the common good of the people. some people liked his ideas, but not everyone appreciated him for it. soon, he felt that it was too tiring so he took to the caves.
[FO]: yeah, last i heard, he was kinda upset about how everyone seemed to be self-centered.
[Old Man]: why do you want to look for him anyway? are you hoping to talk him out of the caves and back to writing for the sake of the public good?
[FO]: no lah. he sounds like a cool dude, so i thought it would be nice to lim kopi with him.
Kopi? At Ya Kun Kaya Toast?
Actually, I was only half joking. Would you be interested in having coffee with me sometime, one exhausted blogger with another?
Please email me if you're interested. I would email you, but I can't seem to find your email anywhere. Hence the search into the mountains.
My shifu (HS)is not exactly jaded because of blogging, but something else. Nonetheless, I think

########
Rank: 22
Score: 27.567678
Retrieved Text: In times such as these when most of the world is in a deep economic crisis, it is more important than ever to ensure that we are passing the best values on to the next generation. Teaching our children the importance of saving by using a money or collapsible box is essential. It is easy for everyone to see how economic irresponsibility and greed has had a huge effect on the current global situation. While it may be too late to turn the current conditions around before they are played out organically, we can learn from our mistakes and make sure that we pass these lessons down to our children. Traditional economic responsibilities can be taught to children with simple age old rituals such as saving stamps and perhaps selling stamps Briefmarken verkaufen). By teaching children how to save money for the future, you can give them a strong sense of foresight and responsibility – an education that will never go out of fashion.
The material nature of the western world has been getting out of control for a number of years now, with the wants and needs of the western population vastly outweighing the available resources of the planet and the economy. While the environment of the planet is undoubtedly feeling the pressure, it works in very long cycles that will hopefully give us a chance to mend some of the mess that we have created. The economy, however, is a man made instrument and works with a much shorter span of ebbs and flows. The

########
Rank: 23
Score: 27.542564
Retrieved Text: Americans have been sticking postage stamps on envelopes for 155 years - yet not one official U.S. stamp had ever borne the image of a bat. As a likely measure of bats' historic image problems, consider that the last time they were proposed for a commemorative stamp, bats reportedly lost out to a snake. Then rancher Carol Adams met history professor Virginia Noelke at a West Texas dinner party.
Adams and her husband Baxter are longtime members of Bat Conservation International and unabashed bat enthusiasts. Their Love Creek Ranch at Medina (northwest of San Antonio, Texas) sports a number of successful bat houses that often draw friends and neighbors for bat parties. We have, Adams says, "been big in bats for years."
Noelke, it turns out, is not only a professor at Angelo State University in San Angelo, Texas, she is also chair, for almost 30 years, of the U.S. Postal Service's Citizens' Stamp Advisory Committee. At a party given by mutual friends in San Angelo, Adams says she discovered Noelke's role on the stamp committee, and, "I guess because I'm a bat lover, I asked her, 'Why haven't you ever done bats? They're wonderful, they have precious faces, and they need the help.'"
That was about two years ago. On September 13, 2002, four stamps featuring bat photos by BCI Founder and award-winning nature photographer Merlin Tuttle were dedicated with considerable fanfare. Noelke confirms that the first-ever U.S. bat stamps grew directly out of that conversation with Carol Adams.
Each of the first-class (37-cent) American Bat Stamps in the

########
Rank: 24
Score: 27.503992
Retrieved Text: Amarjeet Singh, a resident of Pandesara, was found injured on a road near Bhagwan Mahavir College on late Friday night by some passersby and they shifted him to a nearby hospital.
Due to tense situation after the attacks on migrant workers the family believes that the deceased became victim to the hate attacks, police informed.
SURAT: Death of a 35-year-old man from Bihar in Althan area on Friday night sparked a row when his family members alleged that he was murdered in hate attack against migrants. Police claimed that the man died in a road accident and no evidences were found that can prove it a murder. Due to tense situation after the attacks on migrant workers, the family believes that the deceased became victim to the hate attacks, police informed.
Amarjeet Singh, a resident of Pandesara, was found injured on a road near Bhagwan Mahavir College on late Friday night by some passersby and they shifted him to a nearby hospital. He died during treatment within minutes. He had injury on back side of his head and his damaged motorcycle was also found from the spot.
“My brother went to meet someone after a phone call at around 10pm on Friday. After a while we received a call that he was found dead. We suspect that he was murdered,” Rakesh, younger brother of Amarjeet, told TOI. Rakesh could not give reason for the "murder" or name of person involved.
“It is a road accident and not a murder. Though we are conducting a thorough investigation to find out exactly how

########
Rank: 25
Score: 27.469213
Retrieved Text: By 1940 or 1941 I had begun to concentrate my interests on United States stamps. I had acquired a Scott's American album. This was an excellent album for the beginning U. S. collector. It had almost the same spaces as the National but was much less expensive. Annual supplements were published to keep it up to date (and to provide the publisher with continuing revenue). Along with Planters Peanut stamp premiums I had been exposed to the wares of H. E. Harris & Co. Their catalogs of U. S. stamps and collectors supplies were a wonderful education for me. The catalogs provided both the opportunity to purchase specific stamps but also conveyed the knowledge of an orderly stamp framework. They filled the need for a stamp catalog.
I must have made lists for 10 dream orders for every order blank I actually sent. Stamps were things of dreams and my limited resources had to be spent wisely. I concluded that wisely meant filling as many spaces as possible for my order. My orders were, more often than not, less than $1 but their planning took much time. I would first buy all the stamps priced at 1¢ which I did not have. Then I would add those priced at 2¢ followed by 3¢. Harris would pick them from their stock book and send them. I was thrilled with them although I later discovered that most of them were defective or poor copies. I didn't know any better and they always looked wonderful in my album. A letter

########
Rank: 26
Score: 27.406067
Retrieved Text: Continuing to go through my mother’s papers, I have a number of letters that stir old memories of my days in the Navy. You, my readers and someday my adult children will get additional understanding how little things can chart the course of your life in ways you cannot fathom.
Whenever I read or see a reference to the Boy Scouts of America, I recall a chance meeting and conversation that had a bearing on me. (Forgive my nautical puns.) On a Greyhound bus ride in 1974, an old ( I was 14- everyone over the age of 30 was older) gentleman, and I started chatting. With the discovery today of his letter to my mother and me, I know him as J. Harold Williams. At the time, I had been in scouting for four years, starting when we lived in the San Francisco Bay Area and continuing when Mom and family moved to Cape Cod, Massachusetts.
In his correspondence he asked how my last advancement to Scout First Class had gone – I had been selected since our bus ride. From a Google search today, I realize how interesting that encounter had been. “Chief” Williams, at that time, was national Boy Scout Executive Emeritus, and the founder of scouting in Rhode Island during the 1920’s and 1930’s. (We discussed scouting and stamp collecting among other things). I might still have an book on Scouting he gave me that day.
And I recall, he was the one who started me in stamp collecting. My Aunt June worked at the

########
Rank: 27
Score: 27.37337
Retrieved Text: There once was a man who was walking alone in the forest. He walked for so long that he got hungry. He stopped in a village. There, he was given food, ate so well that he renounced to continue on his trip. He took a wife among the young women of the village, started a home, and no longer thought of leaving.
I am a hunter looking for game.
Hunter friend, could you please get me out of here?
But how did you manage to get in there?
It is big fear that drove me in here.
Then! It is a big fear that will get you out soon!
Then the hunter started collecting firewood under the bush. All of a sudden, he put a fire in several places around the bush. Frightened, the old man rushed out, and with a violent head kick in the thorns, got himself out of danger.
The hunter welcomed him with a large smile. They hugged and became friends.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 27.347124
Retrieved Text: Based on diary entries, family letters, photography albums and newspaper cuttings, The Wireless in the Corner is the personal account of a boy brought up in London’s suburbia during the second quarter of the 20th century, the years English historian, Asa Briggs, called ‘the Golden Age of Broadcasting’. Drawing on his sharp visual and aural memory, author Alan Palmer recounts his early life as the only child of elderly parents living at Gants Hill in unfashionable Ilford. After a trip to Belgium, aged six, Alan became gripped by the events in Europe and observing international affairs became as much a hobby as collecting stamps. Listening to the wireless every evening, Alan’s childhood is as much a personalised political, social and military history as it is reminiscence. The Wireless in the Corner is written with the intention of recapturing the strain of the Blitz, and later of flying bombs and rockets, and the relieving moments of peace and contentment that were held so dear to the author. The book carefully distinguishes between what was known then and what readers know now, so as not to obscure events with thoughts based on present assumptions. Inspired by A. J. P Taylor, and similar to the work of Philip Ziegler and A. L. Rowse, The Wireless in the Corner will appeal to readers interested in military history and autobiographies. It will also appeal to those interested in life during the war.
“The Wireless in the Corner'. This is a personalised history of the years 1926 to 1945 as witnessed by me

########
Rank: 29
Score: 27.333864
Retrieved Text: “King of Hobbies, Hobby of Kings” is how stamp collecting has often been described.
The endless panorama of world events and scenes which is opened to the viewer of a stamp collection is perhaps why stamp collecting fascinates so many people.
I started collecting stamps when I was 11 but unfortunately I rarely do that now because less and less people send me letters by ordinary mail and prefer to write emails instead.
But I can happily say that I own a humble collection of 2 albums.
Though i liked this hobby, i never had the time for it.
That is quite great! I'm not much of a collector person(because I hoard vitrtually everything, so collecting becomes a hassle), but I absolutely enjoyed looking at these.
My favorite was the Picasso one, very gorgeous indeed. I love the Spaniards.
Omar-I'm glad someone shares my interests.
Baher-It is true, stamp collecting is nice but very time consuming.
Nurhan-that's cool, my brother was a big coin collector too..
Roba-You're most welcome:)My favorite to is the Picasso one.
actually i never collected stamps or coins, my elder brother used to; he had a very very large collection of coins and stamps, some are very interesting.
It's nice to see your blog.
You are right, nowadays, less and less people send letters by ordinary mails, I think it surely caused some difficulties for collectors to enrich their collections.
I found interesting to see two stamps with Chinese letters on it on your blog. They are stamps from where I live--Taiwan, and the meaning of those Chinese letters is " Republic of China Postage", they

================



======= Instance Index 5788 =========
Input Text: Read the following conversation and answer the question.

W: The Spring Festival is coming. Danny. How do you want to celebrate it?

M: I don't know. We have no Spring Festival in our country.

W: But the Spring Festival is the biggest holiday of the year in our country. People are busy shopping and preparing presents for their relatives and friends before the, New Year's Eve.

M: That sounds exciting.

W: Children usually put on their new clothes on the first day of the Lunar New Year. And they also can get some money given by the elders as a Lunar New Year gift on the New Year's Eve.

M: It's really quite interesting.

W: And all the family members must come back home on the New Year's Eve no matter how far they are away from home. We call it "get--together". What are you going to do on the New Year's Eve?

M: My teacher, Professor Wang and his wife have invited me to have dinner together.

W: Sounds great.

Question: When will the children get some money from the elder as a gift for the Lunar New Year according to the text? 

- On the first day of the Lunar New Year.

- On the New Year's Eve.

- Before the New Year's Eve.

Target Text: On the New Year's Eve.

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 36.50752
Retrieved Text: The Chinese New Year (or also known as the Spring Festival) took place on January 30, 2014. The Chinese New Year is one of the most important and biggest traditional Chinese festivals. All of the Chinese students have different activities to celebrate it on Chinese New Year such as having dinner and play games together. The key of the festival is that everyone should gather together to celebrate it, be thankful for what they have gotten last year, and also look forward to the new year and welcome the coming new year.
2014 is the year of Horse in the Chinese calendar. There is a turn of twelve animals to represent each year: Rat, Ox, Tiger, Rabbit, Dragon, Snake, Horse, Goat, Monkey, Rooster, Dog and Pig. Also, the date of the Chinese New Year will not be the same day as it was last year; it changes at the turn of the traditional Chinese Lunar Calendar which is different from the calendar we use today. Most of the time, the date of Chinese New Year should be somewhere around the end of January to the middle of February.
The Chinese will have their most important dinner of the year called “Nian Ye Fan” on the New Year night, which means all of the family relatives should be together, which is similar to Christmas dinner for Americans. Normally, there will be more than ten dishes on the table for the dinner. People like to eat fish on that night because in Chinese, fish pronouns the same as “more” which

########
Rank: 1
Score: 35.457306
Retrieved Text: We can all feel the pressure on our household budget during the festive season. But when that pressure gets passed on to older family members as a request for a handout or loan, financial abuse can end up being the outcome. Find out more about elder financial abuse, what to watch out for and what to do about it.
According to the World Health Organisation, financial abuse of an older person is ‘the illegal or improper exploitation or use of funds or other resources of the older person.’ Acts of financial abuse can sometimes happen when a scam or fraud is carried out by a stranger. But in most cases, elder financial abuse is performed by someone the person knows, usually a relative, friend or carer. According to research from the Australian Institute of Family Studies, a family member having a sense of entitlement to an older person’s property and possessions is the greatest risk factor (84%) for elder financial abuse.
This type of elder abuse is on the rise according to The Senior. In 2016, 15,747 calls were made to elder abuse helplines, compared with 10,243 in the previous year. And with a population that’s living longer, it seems likely that reports and cases of elder financial abuse are likely to become more common. Current estimates are based on very limited data, but it’s thought around 9% of older Australians have been affected by some kind of financial abuse.
Sometimes the abuse can be what Monash University calls unintended, with the person carrying out the abuse not knowing

########
Rank: 2
Score: 34.996193
Retrieved Text: In all seriousness, if you’re looking for some family-friendly Lunar Year Festivities Metropolis at Metrotown is hosting two full weeks to celebrate the year of the pig!
Metropolis at Metrotown is offering free calligraphy and lantern making workshops, a special lion dance, travel through Asia photobooth, traditional Chinese dances, and lucky red envelope giveaways to visitors in Grand Court from February 4th to the 6th with a chance to receive a Metropolis at Metrotown gift card or other prizes. And from February 1-19, visitors can also enter for a chance to win a $1000 Metropolis shopping spree.
In addition, I was super excited to snap some Insta worthy photos in the grand court where hundreds of lanterns are on display.
When you share your photos on Instagram (you know I love Instagram) using the hashtag #METLUNAR and tagging @metropolisatmet you can enter for a chance to win either a weekly prize package or a grand prize of a $500 Metropolis gift card!!!!!!!!!
Ok. That was a lot of !!! But I can’t help it. I’m just that excited!
Did you know each year our family celebrates the Lunar New Year? Most people have no idea I’m half Chinese. I didn’t grow up doing a lot when I was a child. My mom gave us lucky red envelopes and that was it. I’m grateful, but that was the only way we celebrated.
Today, however, my children are growing up taking part in more traditional Lunar New Year activities. My husband’s side of the family is Vietnamese and they definitely keep to their traditions.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 34.65134
Retrieved Text: Preparing for the biggest traditional celebration of the year for any culture is no small thing, and for Chinese, Vietnamese, and Koreans families around the world, preparations for the Lunar New Year start well in advance. Cleaning the House All three cultures, whose early societies were based around the Chinese lunar calendar system, mark the second new moon after the winter solstice as the beginning of a new year on the lunar calendar. This transition to a new year is of special significance as it symbolises discarding the old and embracing the year ahead.
This translates into a proper spring cleaning – after all Lunar New Year is a celebration of the coming of spring – where families would clean their households thoroughly, as a symbolic act of cleaning away the past year. For Chinese and Vietnamese households especially, this spring cleaning tradition is important as it is considered a taboo to clean the house the first day of the Lunar New Year, as it is seen as “sweeping away your luck”.
This transition into the new year is also commemorated with new clothes, which are usually worn on the first day of the Lunar New Year. So if you are looking for any excuse to go shopping for the Lunar New Year, this is it.
Don’t “sweep away your luck” this Lunar New Year! Putting up the Decorations Colours play a very important role in Chinese, Vietnamese, and Korean cultures, and the Lunar New Year is always a festival of bright and vibrant colours. For the Chinese and

########
Rank: 4
Score: 33.65046
Retrieved Text: Happy New Year! I hope the new year is off to a great start for you! So far, so good, for me… I’m looking forward to a productive 2016 if my January is any indication. Although many of us have already celebrated New Years, Asians and Asian-Americans still have their new year celebration – Lunar New Year is on February 8th this year.
“Lunar New Year is an important Asian festival celebrated at the turn of the lunisolar Chinese calendar. It is also known as the Spring Festival, the literal translation of the modern Chinese name. Celebrations traditionally run from the eve to the Lantern Festival on the 15th day of the first calendar month. The first day of the New Year falls on some day between 21 January and 20 February.” According to Wikepedia.
Best Buy is helping celebrate the event with an Asian-inspired Giftcard and eGiftcard, available for purchase or gifting from BestBuy.com through February 13th, 2016.
You can have gift cards shipped directly to your home address, just follow this link: http://www.bestbuy.com/site/promo/lunar-new-year-gift-card.
For an eGiftcard, scroll to the right of the following link until you see the red giftcard with the two Koi fish, here, https://bestbuy.cashstar.com/gift-card/buy/?ref=gc1&ref=201&loc=55 (right under the “Holiday” tab).
For the gift throughout the year, check out Best Buy’s Chinese Happy Birthday e-Gift Card at http://www.bestbuy.com/egiftcard. You can find it under the “Birthday” tab.
Celebrate Lunar New Year this year by giving a gift card or egift card from Best Buy to those you care about. Then they can celebrate Lunar New Year by shopping for the

########
Rank: 5
Score: 33.52295
Retrieved Text: Gong Hei Fat Choi! Lunar New Year 2016 is February 8 and festivities will be commencing all over the world to bring in the Lunar New Year with gift giving to symbolize luck and prosperity. And if your Chinese zodiac is the monkey, this is literally your year! For those celebrating Lunar New Year in their own homes, we’ve rounded up some party essentials that guests of all ages will love while you earn Cash Back at Ebates and save with a party supplies promo code. Here are nine finishing touches to make your gathering the highlight of the lunar year.
Use these gorgeous note cards to hand-write your Lunar New Year party invites for a personalized and authentic touch.
This tasteful wall decal is bold without getting too kitschy. Plus, it takes up zero space, making it perfect for small houses or apartments.
Paper lanterns are iconic for ringing in the Lunar New Year and a must-have for your indoor or outdoor party.
Whether you want to supply sweet treats for the party or give a box of chocolates as a special gift, this Godiva box set will be an instant hit.
Whip up (or buy) a batch of yellow or red velvet cupcakes and put on the finishing touches with these fondant cupcake toppers.
Display your nibbles and bites with this glass dessert stand colored to look like rich jade, a staple of Chinese art and style.
No Lunar New Year celebration would be complete without red gift envelopes. Traditionally for giving money, you can also fill them with small gifts

########
Rank: 6
Score: 33.504467
Retrieved Text: Tết Nguyên Đán (Traditional Lunar New Year) is the biggest among traditional festivals for the Vietnamese people. Today, many ancient customs are still practised in the former royal capital. Many people ask the same question: How was the Lunar New Year organised by the Nguyễn kings in the past?
There is a rare source of material that mentions the customs – the wood printing blocks from the Nguyễn dynasty (1802-1945), which have been kept at the National Archives Centre No 4. The blocks contain details on traditional customs practised for the Lunar New Year. The preparation work starts months before Tết.
On the first day of the last lunar month, Nguyễn kings organised the Ban Sóc ceremony to distribute calendars for royal mandarins at Ngọ Môn (Noon Gate). Ordinary people received calendar in their localities. At the same time, kings fixed the holidays for the Lunar New Year. After announcing the holiday, the royal family would decorate the royal palaces with parallel sentences, flags, flowers and lanterns. The holiday atmosphere began from that day.
In the middle of the last lunar month, often on the 20th day (of the last lunar month), the royal family would organise the Phất Thức (Cleaning up) ceremony. At Cần Chánh Palace, there were six wooded wardrobes to store the royal seals. Servants would go to get water from the junction on Hương River and put flowers on the water. The seals would be cleaned with water scented with flowers and dried with a red cloth. The seals were then put back into the

########
Rank: 7
Score: 33.382526
Retrieved Text: This year, Friday February 16th marks the first day of the New Lunar Year! The date changes every year and is based on the Chinese Lunar calendar which uses a 12 year cycle instead of the more familiar Western 12 month cycle. The holiday used to be called Chinese New Year (and still sometimes is), but since the holiday is celebrated among many Asian cultures, it has now become more commonly known as the Lunar New Year, and more recently, the Spring Festival.
Despite the fact that most Asian cultures have adopted the Western yearly calendar, Lunar New Year has maintained its status as a culturally significant and historically important annual holiday. The celebrations begin on the eve of the holiday (February 15th this year) and last for 15 days culminating with the magical Lantern Festival.
The Lunar New Year is a big gift giving holiday. Gifts that symbolize prosperity and good fortune for the coming year are offered to business associates and extended family alike. Whether you are sending it from afar, or bringing it to your host for a traditional Lunar New Year’s eve reunion dinner, there are some simple rules to follow when choosing an appropriate gift for Chinese New Year.
Fruit baskets are time-honored gifts for Lunar New Year. Lucky for Manhattan Fruitier! And luck is what this holiday is all about. Customary gifts are those that are symbols of good luck, wealth and prosperity. Typically, citrus fruits are given this time of year for several reasons. First of all, the Lunar New Year falls

########
Rank: 8
Score: 33.311916
Retrieved Text: Lunar New Year falls on February 16th, 2018 this year and it is the year of the dog. This is an important time for Asian families because it’s all about gathering together and celebrating family. No matter where people are, they try their best to return home and reunite with their family.
The most important tradition is the New Year’s Eve dinner. It’s when all the family members gather together to have a big feast filled with delicious eats. They come together to commemorate the past year and look forward to the new year. The most important dishes are dumplings, fish, and longevity noodles. It’s important for the noodles to be uncut and made as long as possible because long noodles represent longevity and long life. In my family, we fold and make dumplings by hand so they are super fresh.
The best part about Lunar New Year for the kids? The red envelopes, of course! Instead of receiving wrapped gifts, children get red envelopes stuffed with lucky money from their elders.
I enjoy celebrating many of the Lunar New Year traditions but cleaning is my least favourite tradition. Nonetheless, it’s important to thoroughly clean the entire house prior to the new year. This is done to get rid of bad spirits and feelings. Failing to do so may bring bad luck and nobody would want that!
Some other key traditions include buying new clothes and wearing red. Why is wearing red so important? Red symbolizes happiness, wealth, and prosperity. It can also ward off evil spirits and bring good

########
Rank: 9
Score: 33.003956
Retrieved Text: The Chinese Student Association, or CSA, is one of the many clubs chartered at Bellevue College. On Friday, Feb. 1, from 6:00 – 9:30 p.m. the CSA is going to host its Lunar New Year Celebration in the Student Union Cafeteria. Tickets are on sale for $7 each at the PALS Center in C106.
The Lunar New Year, or Spring Festival, is a holiday that celebrates the beginning of a new year on the traditional Chinese calendar. The origin of Lunar New Year is known to show honor and love to deities and ancestors. The Lunar New Year is one of the world’s most prominent and celebrated festivals, and is the reason for the largest annual mass human migration in the world. It’s celebrated throughout mainland China, Hong Kong, Taiwan, Macau, Singapore, Thailand, the Philippines, Indonesia and more.
CSA President Bash Luo commented, “As there are many international students from China and other regions that celebrate Lunar New Year, we want to provide a platform to let them get together and enjoy the Lunar New Year just like how they used to in their country. I hope this can help our international students feel like home even though they may be away from their family,” says Luo.
2019 is the Year of the Pig. The pig is the last of the 12-year cycle of animals that appear in the Chinese zodiac related to the Chinese calendar. According to myth, the pig was the last to arrive when the Jade Emperor called for the great meeting. Other sources say it

########
Rank: 10
Score: 32.58375
Retrieved Text: Tet Holiday in Vietnam marks the peak time of the year when most piggy banks “perform” their functions. As a tradition, Vietnamese children are taught to raise piggy banks all year long as a good practice of saving and being patience. When the Lunar year is about to over, the kids and their parents (often the mother) will excitedly break the pig together and see how much they had saved. The cash then will usually be used for shopping for new clothes and toys as rewards. The next step in this meaningful practice of Vietnamese people is to get a brand new piggy bank and start to stuff it with lucky money as the Lunar New Year approaches. What a captivating way to educate while having fun! Don’t you think?

########
Rank: 11
Score: 32.34185
Retrieved Text: Lunar New Year, considered the most important holiday in many Asian cultures, kicked off Sunday, Feb. 10, with parades, outdoor festivals and parties in communities from Garden Grove’s Little Saigon to San Francisco’s Chinatown. According to the Asian zodiac cycle, 2013 is the Year of the Snake.
The merriment continues at UC Irvine as the Taiwanese American Organization prepares to host a celebration of its own. The fourth annual Lantern Festival & Night Market is set for Sunday, Feb. 24, at UC Irvine’s Student Center from 5 to 9 p.m.
About 1,000 people are expected to attend, says TAO President Esther Phu, a fourth-year political science and criminology, law & society student. The event will feature traditional East Asian finger foods, performances by UC Irvine dance crews, game booths, and an arts and crafts station.
Yong Chen, associate professor of history and Asian American studies at UC Irvine, is an expert on Asian cultural traditions and recently answered some questions about Lunar New Year.
What are some typical customs associated with Lunar New Year, and how do they vary across cultures?
Lunar New Year is a very important holiday in China, Korea and Vietnam. In China, common practices include giving family members, especially children, red envelopes that contain money and setting off firecrackers. Some families eat foods such as dumplings, which symbolize unity. Many also eat fish – its pronunciation sounds like the word for “surplus” in Chinese.
Koreans will put on traditional clothing and prepare foods like a New Year’s rice cake and a dish made from five different grains.
Vietnamese make

########
Rank: 12
Score: 32.043167
Retrieved Text: You probably have already heard of “the year of (insert an animal here)”. The animal isn’t randomly decided. There are 12 animals that come from Asian folklore that tell the story of 12 animals participating in a race (unfortunately, this was before the ages of live broadcast). Each of the 12 lunar new year is named after each animal, coming from the 1st animal to finish the race, to the last. The pig came last, so this year marks a complete cycle of 12 lunar new year.
Lunar New Year, often called Chinese New Year, is marked as the first of January according to the moon-based Lunar calendar. Contrary to the popular belief, traditional Lunar calendar is lunisolar – meaning it’s based on both the phase of the moon and Earth’s rotation around the sun. This additional factor allows the calendar to have around 354 days instead of the 365 days as the Gregorian calendar. The different number of days in a year makes the Lunar New Year to happen on different Gregorian day every year. Hence, many residents of Asian countries flip through the calendar every year to check the day and better plan vacations. So, how do these countries celebrate Lunar New Year?
China: Chinese New Year, often celebrated as Spring Festival, is one of the largest festivals to happen around the world. People celebrate everything spring represents – fresh start, planting new harvests, and perhaps the end of grueling cold months. Traditionally, Chinese New Year was a day to pray to the ancestors, who were

########
Rank: 13
Score: 32.020813
Retrieved Text: The Year of the Dog has arrived, and it’s time to update your digital signage to celebrate!
How big of a deal is Lunar New Year? One out of six people celebrate it, and it’s estimated that every year over 200 million people return home to be with their family. Traditionally, relatives gift children red envelopes with money, but 2017 proved that times were changing: over 46 billion electronic red envelopes were sent via WeChat. In a nutshell, it’s a really big deal! Our Creative Team is here to help you save time with a new set of templates for the Lunar New Year.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 31.906366
Retrieved Text: For the past five years, Muhlenberg College has hosted a Lunar New Year festival. The festival was created in hopes that the students that celebrated Lunar New Year would be able to have a safe space where they could celebrate their own culture despite being away from home. Muhlenberg also wanted their students to be aware and develop an interest of the different cultures around them.
This Lunar New Year celebrated the year of the boar. Last week, the Lunar New Year festival started off with the Cultural Panel. Throughout the week, there were multiple events happening throughout campus to celebrate the incoming Lunar New Year. Each event was created in hopes that the people of Muhlenberg would become more aware of the meaning behind the Lunar New Year.
While the campus celebrated the Lunar New Year last week, Feb. 4th is the actual Lunar New Year’s date. The members of the Asian Student Association decided to end the Lunar New Year with a talkback to discuss the events that took place across campus. The talkback was led by the president, Christopher Chin ‘19, and vice president, Anh Truong ‘19.
Throughout the talkback, we were able to hear how some of the events made an impact on them personally and on Muhlenberg as a whole. The talkback allowed those who came to see how Lunar New Year is observed in their home life compared to Muhlenberg. There are various Lunar New Year traditions and narratives that can be considered in celebration time.
Overall, the events of Lunar New Year were

########
Rank: 15
Score: 31.897787
Retrieved Text: The Chinese, or Lunar, New Year celebration can last for days. Phoenix-area residents can welcome the lunar year 4717 at these events.
A young performer waves to the audience at the end of the dances at the annual Phoenix Chinese Week Chinese Culture and Cuisine Festival at Margaret T. Hance Park in Phoenix on Sunday, Feb. 18, 2018.
Celebrate the start of lunar year 4717 at Chinese New Year celebrations around Phoenix.
The Chinese new year starts Feb. 5, according to the lunar calendar. The day (which varies) is celebrated by millions of people in China and other countries, where it is also known as the Lunar New Year.
The date is determined by the moon. Specifically, the second new moon after the winter solstice. The start of the Chinese, or Lunar, New Year is usually between Jan. 21 and Feb. 20, according to chinesenewyear.net.
Celebrations often begin with a New Year’s Eve family dinner (dumplings and steamed fish are among the traditional offerings) and can continue for 15 days, usually ending with a Lantern Festival.
Why the year of the pig?
This is the year of the boar or pig (depending on who you ask), according to Chinese tradition. There are 12 animals in the Chinese zodiac: rat, ox, tiger, rabbit, dragon, snake, horse, goat, monkey, rooster, dog and pig.
According to myth, the order of the animals in the Chinese zodiac was determined by the Jade Emperor long ago. The emperor invited 13 animals to take part in a race across a swiftly flowing river with the order of the years being

########
Rank: 16
Score: 31.652218
Retrieved Text: Are You Facing Financial Abuse?
Elder financial abuse is unfortunately too common. According to a study done by MetLife, a million American seniors lose about $2.6 billion each year. Financial exploitation happens to seniors from all walks of life; even celebrities such as Mickey Rooney were not immune. Most people think that elder financial exploitation is done by strangers, but most cases occur at the hands of relatives and caregivers.
As a parent, you feel responsible for your children's well-being, including economic matters. Some children encourage these instincts, while some become self-sufficient rather quickly. The main danger is when one of your children turns his or her subtle pleas for money into blatant exploitation. Some adult children use fear and guilt tactics to exploit grandparents and other older family members, while others use extra flattery and attentiveness to get what they want. At best, these tactics are exploitative, and at worst, they are downright criminal.
Financial abuse is often underreported, but it is very common. Roughly one in ten seniors is exploited in some way, according to the Elder Financial Protection Network. The study referenced above says that 55% of financial mistreatment in the US is done by friends, caregivers and relatives, with the typical victim being a white woman between 70 and 89. Abuse can take many forms, from forgery to outright theft, and you should learn to recognize when you may be being exploited.
If an adult child runs up hefty bills in your name and does other things to damage your credit rating, you're being exploited. The

########
Rank: 17
Score: 31.427889
Retrieved Text: February is, mainly, about …ehm…spring. It starts with the third day of the month, known in Japan as setsubun. According to the Buddhist and Shinto tradition, this day marks the beginning of spring by the lunar calendar, and it ought to be celebrated. Also, plum trees start blooming in February, giving people that good feeling about the nice season soon to arrive.
Finally, and most importantly, the main thing is undoubtedly the Chinese new year which falls between the end of January and the end of February depending on the lunar calendar.
It is not as much of a big thing for the Japanese as it is for the Chinese, since Japan follows the Gregorian calendar instead of the lunar one, but luckily for us the Chinese community here in Japan is big and in full celebration mode, so we are influenced by the festive atmosphere.
But what does the Chinese new year have to do with spring? Well, simply, the literal translation from Chinese is “spring festival”.
Usually people clean the house before the new year, and decorate it with symbols of good luck.
The color red is used a lot, for envelopes containing gift money, to clothes, to lanterns and so on. It is considered a very lucky color because a thousands year tradition has it that the Nian, a monster that was believed to come to the villages around the beginning of spring to eat children, was scared by that color. Another thing the evil spirit was afraid of was loud noise, and that is why, together with

########
Rank: 18
Score: 31.294596
Retrieved Text: Gung Hay Fat Choy, Langara students!
Chinese New Year is just around the corner, and Vancouver is getting ready to celebrate.
Before you put your party pants on, there are a few things you need to know about one of China’s most important traditional holidays.
Chinese New Year falls on this Friday, Jan. 31, and so begins the Year of the Horse. If you were born in 1979 or 1990, your luck will be maximized if you “wear red underpants or a red belt for the entire lunar year,” according to journalism student Edmond Lu.
If you’re not born in the Year of the Horse, there are some things you can do to ensure you have all the luck you need.
To make sure you don’t wash away potential wealth, the International Business Times suggests avoiding washing your hair for the first three days of the lunar year.
The new year also calls for new things; it’s widely believed in Chinese culture that new things purchased in the beginning of the lunar year will bring about new beginnings.
Now that your luck is set for the new year, it’s time to celebrate.
Vancouver has a number of events for Chinese New Year to entertain its Chinese population of more than 402,000.
Some of the most popular events going on in the city include Richmond’s Aberdeen Centre’s Chinese New Year Flower & Gift Fair, running until Jan. 31; Vancouver’s Chinese New Year Parade & Cultural Fair on Feb. 2 in Chinatown; and LunarFest from Feb. 8-9 at the Vancouver Art Gallery plaza.
The Chinese Cultural Centre of

########
Rank: 19
Score: 31.291407
Retrieved Text: Canthan New Year 2007 was a special event that took place in Shing Jea Monastery from 16-19 February 2007. Although it was based in Shing Jea Monastery, there were some minor related events in Lion's Arch and Kamadan as well.
Each year, Canthans flock to Shing Jea Monastery to prepare and partake in a great feast to honor the particular celestial animal who will watch over them during the coming year. This year's animal, the Celestial Pig, will descend from the heavens to enjoy Cantha's culinary delights. If satisfied with the meal, the Celestial Pig will bestow good luck upon the populace for the coming year.
Sparkles in the sky during the event.
Monday, February 19th, Noon PST (20:00 GMT): Announced end of the festival.
Monday, February 19th, 5:00 PM PST (Tuesday, February 20th, 01:00 GMT): Actual end of the festival. A Lunar Gift Keeper has been added to Shing Jea Monastery.
Only available in Lion's Arch from Lucky Hochei. A simple game of Rock, Paper, Scissors. Playing the game costs 1 Lunar Token.
Every festival brings with it a variety of problems that can only be solved by enterprising young adventurers willing to undertake a quest or two to ensure the festival runs smoothly. Supplies of everything from red dye (for Nian-scaring party attire) to fireworks (also used to frighten off the nian) will inevitably run low. And, speaking of the Nian, you never know when, or where, these New Year's festival hating creatures might attack.
Sugary Blue Drink - Just the thing when you need a quick boost of energy in

########
Rank: 20
Score: 31.182774
Retrieved Text: NEW YORK, Dec. 22 (Xinhua) -- A special Red Envelop show is to be held in New York in honor of 2019 Chinese Lunar New Year, or the Year of the Pig and the 40th anniversary of the Flushing Town Hall in the New York City borough of Queens.
The event, scheduled from Jan. 5 - Jan. 27, 2019, features artwork by local professional visual artists, curated by Bert Chau of Grumpy Bert and community members, according to the historic town hall.
This exhibition is an homage to the red celebration envelopes the Chinese community distributes during the Lunar New Year. Many envelopes will include a special gift for only the buyers to see.
Bert has curated the inventive Red Envelope in the past in NYC borough of Brooklyn, and now the global arts institution is soliciting submissions from local artists, students, and community groups to participate in the exhibition.
Traditionally, money is included in the envelopes, but many past artists have included a special "mystery" gift or prize. This is optional but an opportunity for participants to show their creativity.
A Red Envelope Show workshop will also be held on Jan. 13 by Flushing Town Hall Teaching Artist Tina Seligman.
Submissions by local visual artists will be displayed and for sale in Flushing Town Hall's gallery. All visual artists work will be for sale - with 25 percent of the proceeds going towards Flushing Town Hall's visual arts programming. Pieces by community and school groups will be displayed throughout the building for all visitors to enjoy.
All submissions must be delivered by

########
Rank: 21
Score: 31.076641
Retrieved Text: My favorite holiday is the Spring Festival (Chinese New Year). The date of the Spring Festival varies each year depending on the traditional Chinese lunar calendar. It's the first day of the first lunar month of the lunar calendar. This year, Chinese New Year is on Thursday, February 19. This is the most important Chinese traditional holiday and it isn’t only celebrated in China. Because there are Chinese people outside of mainland China, there are many celebrations held by the Chinese population in other areas of the world, including right here in Lincoln! The Chinese Student and Scholar Association (CSSA) at UNL holds China Night every year to celebrate the Spring Festival.
Families get together on the eve of the Chinese New Year for a big dinner, including pork, beef, chicken, and fish. The dinner gives thanks for the past year and acknowledges the hope for more success in the New Year. During the dinner, there are toasts, when we offer wishes for prosperity for the people in attendance. After dinner, most families will watch TV while eating various delicious deserts.
The traditional Chinese New Year desserts include Eight Treasures Rice Pudding, Candy Tray, and Assorted Candies. My mom told me that when she was a kid, she only got to eat dessert during the Spring Festival, and everything was homemade. Now, we can buy these desserts from grocery stores and most of them are served year-round. My mom talks about what it was like to prepare for New Year’s as a kid. Doing all the cooking took

########
Rank: 22
Score: 31.008799
Retrieved Text: There will be a chance to win attractive gifts and prizes worth billions of đồng, promotions with hundreds of major brands, and events at Vincom during the Lunar New Year.
One could win up to 30,000 gifts and prizes and super promotions up to 50 per cent at Vincom’s 46 commercial centres nationwide on the occasion.
To celebrate the Lunar New Year, Vincom shopping centres will be decorated for the Spring Festival, from the greeting gates, the squares, the events areas to every booth in the shopping centres. Using traditional peach blossom and apricot flowers with a unique and creative expression, every space at Vincom will become a destination for people to enjoy the Tết holiday.
On this Lunar New Year, Hanoians will “glitter” at the Lucky Spring, created on an area of nearly 300-square metres, using 150,000 flowers, at the Vincom Mega Mall Royal City. The artwork will reflect everyone’s wishes of greater luck, happiness and success for a new year. On Friday, February 2, customers can also win an iPhone X and 1,000 other gifts at the mall’s unique dance performances while artists will perform the lantern dance at the impressive 2.5-metre tall Mai Hoa Thung columns, symbolising prosperity, prosperity and overcoming challenges.
At the Vincom Mega Mall Times City, people can take photos of the Tết holiday and acquire luck at the Lucky Tree and Cherry Blossom Road along the Romantic Music Lake.
Vincom Centre Bà Triệu and Vincom Centre Đồng Khởi aims to attract visitors with the Lucky Tree and Lucky Car, which were exquisitely made by

########
Rank: 23
Score: 30.946795
Retrieved Text: Children and teachers feed the lion at the 76th Street Lunar New Year celebration.
A lion dance is a long-established event in Asian culture. It is carried out upon the arrival of Lunar New Year in order to bring good luck to all. During the dance, two performers wear a lion costume and their movements represent those of a real lion. Musical instruments including drums, cymbals, and gongs are played loudly in order to “scare away” evil spirits. The lion partakes in a custom (translated in English) called “plucking the greens.” Here, the lion is faced with lettuce (the greens), which are hanging on a pole, and is tied together with a red envelope containing money. The lion will approach the greens and the red envelope and ultimately eat and spit out the greens. However, the lion will keep the red envelope, signifying prosperity.
In the classroom, children create a Lunar New Year-inspired painting.
At all three locations, the children gathered in the gym to observe the lion dance and were given red envelopes to feed the lion when the animal came near them. True to the traditional dance, the lion “awakened” from the floor and then moved around the room as the instruments played; the lion then “ate” the lettuce and then spit it out, to the delight of the students and teachers. Afterwards, each child took a turn to feed the lion his/her red envelope, which also elicited laughter and excitement.
To introduce and/or follow-up to the Lunar New Year celebrations, many classrooms welcomed families to teach how

########
Rank: 24
Score: 30.886385
Retrieved Text: The 2016 Chinese Lunar New Year Day is on February 8, 2016.
A party always needs food and decoration. The food should be the traditional food for Chinese New Year eve. The decoration should be the arrangement for Chinese New Year day.
Chinese New Year Day is the first day of the first lunar month of Chinese calendar year. The Chinese new year day is always between January 20 to February 20 of the Gregorian calendar each year. The preparation to celebrate the Chinese New Year festival begins around 8th day of 12th lunar month. The last day of the Chinese New Year festival is on the 15th day of first lunar month. That means it's required about three weeks to prepare the festival and 15 days to celebrate it. Traditionally, a Chinese man works outside for living and his wife takes care everything inside home. A month is not long enough for a housewife to clean entire house, put new interior and exterior decoration, prepare new clothes and gifts for all family members, and food for many events. You can image that Chinese New Year festival combines Thanksgiving, Christmas and New Year Day together.... more in the followings.
There are many varieties of Chinese New Year greeting card sites. So find a nice card you like for your party.
One easy decoration is to use red ribbon to wrap around the branches of the indoor plants.
Also, buy some Chinese lucky characters (paper or plastic) and paste them upside down.
Where to find them? Chinese supermarkets, Chinese book stores or Chinese

########
Rank: 25
Score: 30.864822
Retrieved Text: Chinese New Year is one of the most widely celebrated holidays in Asia. The festival begins on Tuesday, February 5 and lasts until Tuesday, February 19. According to Chinese zodiac, 2019 is a Year of the Pig. Here are 19 interesting facts to start off this lucky holiday.
1. The date fluctuates each year.
The phases of the moon dictate the day in which Chinese New Year will begin. The celebration uses the lunar calendar and typically falls between January 21 and February 10.
2. It is also called Spring Festival.
The holiday marks the end of winter and the beginning of spring; therefore, many people across China refer to the celebration as the Spring Festival.
3. The largest human migration in the world happens for Chinese New Year.
Over 500 million people travel around China by cars, planes, trains, buses, and boats in order to reach their families for the celebration.
4. Stores have huge sales and discounts.
The weeks leading up to the lunar celebration is the biggest shopping season of the year. It’s similar to the Black Friday rush in America, aside from having significantly larger crowds.
5. Everyone turns one year older.
Regardless of someone’s actual birth date, everyone turns one year older on New Year’s Day.
6. There is a legendary monster.
On the night of New Year’s Eve, legend says Nian, an evil monster with sharp horns and a long body, emerges from the deep dark sea to eat people (preferably children) in China. People light candles, paste red papers on doors, and burn bamboo in order to scare Nian back to

########
Rank: 26
Score: 30.828482
Retrieved Text: Romance is often associated with the young. Somehow, our society generally believes that the elderly have outgrown the emotions that come with dating. Yet, older adults find just as much enjoyment as teenagers do from the excitement, compassion, and love that companionship provides. In today’s world, finding love again at an older age is more common and more accepted than at any time in the last century. In fact, older couples have become ever more likely to remarry, according to the Pew Research Center. Whether an older person finds a new partner in assisted living, via an online match site, or through a mutual friend, these golden year relationships can add new life to those in their 70s, 80s, and 90s.
Having someone to care for and having someone to help care for the elder.
Money and children are the two most common issues that lead to divorce. In fact, stress over money and fights regarding custody and child support were the two leading causes of failed second marriages, according to a study cited in Psychology Today. While the participants in this study were under the age of 50, the same is true for the second or third marriages of the elderly. Money and children remain the leading obstacles to overcome. Grown adult children may find their parent’s new partner unlikeable for personal reasons. They may feel that their parent is betraying the memory of their deceased mate. Adult child may feel jealous, particularly if their parent is moving away to be with the new partner, or they

########
Rank: 27
Score: 30.489689
Retrieved Text: Taiwanese people are, in general, pretty casual, and not nearly as hung up on rigid formalities as folks in Japan (whose myriad unwritten rules of etiquette, such as which party should bow more deeply upon first meeting) are legendary.
That said, there are still some pretty fundamental traditions involving customs, taboos and traditions worth knowing in advance, starting with the traditional days of the Lunar New Year holiday.
Though traditions surrounding these days aren’t as rigidly observed as they once were, they’re still a pretty good barometer of who’s going to be visiting whom by day.
As a casual visitor, knowing this stuff will do more than just demonstrate that you’re a rock star in the cultural sensitivity department: It’s also a pretty decent way to predict a) how bad traffic is going to be on any given day, and b) how likely you are to be taking your meals at a convenience store for want of an open restaurant on any given day.
This is the last day of the year of the Rooster, and just like on the western New Year’s calendar New Year’s Eve begins right around sundown and continues until the stroke of midnight, which – don’t worry – unless you’re somewhere up in the mountains (and even then, you’ll have to be pretty far in) you won’t sleep through, as the moment will be marked by a cacophony of fireworks.
Tradition dictates the young visiting the old to strengthen family ties. In practical terms, this means that, like yesterday, the roads will be clogged with traveling

########
Rank: 28
Score: 30.485601
Retrieved Text: We know that criminals and scam artists target the elderly; they are vulnerable, and con-artists prey upon them hoping for a large payday from a senior who has accumulated wealth over his or her lifetime. Our Ohio elder lawyers have outlined various steps that can be taken to protect your older loved ones from financial scams whether they come from near or far.
First, you can arrange for account oversight. This means assigning someone trustworthy to help the senior manage his or her financial affairs and keep an eye out for fraudulent activity. Creating a Power of Attorney is a good idea in this situation as it allows someone else to manage the senior’s money without taking any ownership of the accounts in question.
Second, you can set up a living trust which is a legal tool used to protect a person’s assets and allows someone else, called a trustee, to manage assets on the senior’s behalf when necessary.
Third, make sure to watch the Caller ID and the mail. Are there certain charities or “non-profits” that keep calling or mailing? A scam artist could be using this guise to build a “friendship” with your older loved one.
Fourth, consider utilizing credit monitoring services that the senior’s credit card companies offer and, if possible, limit the amount a senior can spend with pre-paid cards or spending caps.
Last, but not least, consult with an Ohio elder law attorney to discuss your plan to legally establish who can help your loved one with financial management. There’s no way to completely stop financial

########
Rank: 29
Score: 30.316158
Retrieved Text: Gung hay fat choy! Loosely translated as "wishing you great happiness and prosperity," these customary words will be spoken by revelers around the globe as the Chinese New Year, or Lunar New Year, kicks off January 31st. China's bustling city streets will come to a halt as an estimated 3.6 billion passenger trips will be made to reunite with family, honor ancestors and deities and usher in good fortune for the Year of the Wood Horse. For those who need a little brushing up on their Chinese Astrology, the sixty year cycle rotates between the twelve animals. Each animal has its year five times during the cycle and is matched with one of the Five Elements each time (Wood, Fire, Earth, Metal and Water). While wood is associated with warmth and generosity, the horse is a symbol of energy, leadership and a free spirit. Drawing inspiration from such, our favorite designers have honored these qualities with their latest collections, so what better way to welcome a year of prosperity than enjoying a few Lunar New Year luxuries!
Longchamp's iconic Le Pliage bag received the Lunar New Year treatment with the release of a limited-edition handbag celebrating the Year of the Horse. Available in red, a symbol of a bright and happy future, the bag is adorned with the Longchamp Horse on the outside, which has been the house's emblem since it was founded, and the Chinese sign of the Horse on the inside. Ensure your year gets off to a galloping start with this festive collector's item.
Designed

================



